The only large and medium military platform in the country with a long-term investment value, a Chinese airplane (000768.sz) has been reported for the first time as the only large and medium military aircraft in the country with a long-term investment value.
The first-time coverage of the Chinese aircraft, the market determination of the Chinese aircraft (000768.sz), the recovery of industry, and the prominence of the company's leadership are three core logics that we recommend for the Chinese aircraft at this stage.
We believe that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft facing the company is well-defined and wide-ranging in the long term. During military relocations, defence budgets, higher spending rates, a new generation of major battle equipment, the procurement sequence for the main combat equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial-equipment plant has come.
The aircraft-making enterprise, the core of our trunk feeder civilian passenger aircraft, which brings together the best resources for the design and production of our medium-sized aircraft, and the absence of other competitors in the area of transport aircraft, the industry has an incomparable position and will benefit from the great future of the Chinese aircraft, which are relatively deep at 300.
The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a demand-defined and wide-spaced market. With regard to large and medium-sized military aircraft, the strategic transformation of the air force will require air-fall operations and integrated security capabilities to support it.
In its 2014 report on the development of China’s civil-military integration, the National Defense University predicted that China would need more than 10 transport fleets in the future, and more than 400 aircraft of the 20 series in order to meet its needs for missions in Asia. In addition, there is a demand for flying panthers, bombing, etc., with companies facing more than 600 billion markets, including military transports, and a wide market space.
There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs of good business in the company itself. In 2018, our defence budget went beyond expectations, focusing on the upgrading of weapons equipment.
The change in the business of the SAC parent company is more positive than the consolidated statement, and the significant changes in the cost of sales reflect the more prominent performance of the military aircraft. From the changes in the business of the SCI aircraft in recent years, the income and profit share of the parent company has been rising, suggesting that the business as a whole is becoming more prominent in the business of the company.
In particular, 17 years of income, profit growth, and a change in relative ratios have been more pronounced, with the net profit of the parent company rising by almost 20 percentage points over the 12 years compared, at 20.9% and 29.15%, respectively, in 16 and 17 years, which is significantly higher than the increase in the consolidated statements, suggesting that the company’s business as a whole is growing at a fast pace.
The contribution of military aircraft is becoming more evident. >The strength of the company’s core lies in its clarity of business, its concentration of resources, and the value of its monopoly platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft, which is the value of the company’s investment in the longer term.
Sinda Securities Inc. Manufacturing resources, the company integration path is long, but in a clear direction, becoming the foundation for the development and production of large and medium-sized military aircraft in the country.ltd
On this base, the company, which is the manufacturing platform for the country’s large and medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from our large-scale transport fleets of 20- and medium-sized aircraft.
Transport 9 and subsequent remodelling and platform upgrades of large military transport aircraft. Unlike Flying and Shen Flying, which are the producers of fighter jets, there is a division of labour between the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, which have a monopoly on the development path of the medium- and large-sized military aircraft manufacturing platform, and the dominant position of the domestic and domestic aircraft markets, as well as the vast market space created by future major battle equipment loadings, which for the first time covers an “additional” rating.
Risk factors: the procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; the national production of air-control equipment is not as fast as expected; the expansion of public safety products and market determination, industrial warming, and the prominence of company leadership are three core logics that we recommend during this phase. We believe that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face is wide-ranging in the long run.
The procurement cycle has already started and will last for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial equipment mainframe has come. The Chinese aircraft, as a major and medium-sized military aircraft manufacturing enterprise, and as a core complement of our trunk feeder civilian passenger aircraft, bring together the best resources for the design, manufacture and production of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and have no other competitors in the area of transport, and the industry has an incomparable leadership that will benefit from the huge future demand for military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value.
1. The market needs of the medium-sized military aircraft identified by the Chinese aircraft and the large-spaced Chinese aircraft, as well as the market for the civilian passenger aircraft, were identified as a large-scale market. With regard to the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft, the strategic transformation of the air force, supported by air landing and integrated security capabilities, posed an urgent need for the large and medium-sized military transport aircraft.
This gap needs to be addressed. In particular, we are lagging behind in the number and percentage of operational transport and refuelling aircraft. Currently, the United States has a heavy transport aircraft of c-5m45, c-17 large transport aircraft of 222 and a very diverse type, with a strong strategic transport capability. China has a large number of medium-sized and small transport aircraft, such as 8 and China’s active transport aircraft, and currently has an imported IL-76, with a 48-ton load, with a severely inadequate strategic delivery capability.
In 2014, China predicted that more than 10 transport fleets and more than 400 aircraft of the 20 series would be needed in the future to meet the needs of its missions in Asia. We estimated that shipping 20 and 8/9 would be a combination of our strategic and tactical transport capacity ladders, with market demand of approximately RMB 55.7 billion and RMB 224.01 billion, respectively, and of aircraft of the type Leopard, Boom-6, etc. The company faced a market of more than 600 billion in military transport, and the market space was vast.
In 2018, in the central general public budget expenditure arrangement, defence expenditure was $11,69.51 billion, or 8.1 per cent more, before the market generally anticipated that the budget for defence spending for 18 years would remain at the 7-7.5 per cent level. Military spending has been “primarily directed towards supporting the deepening of defence and the army” since 18 years.
The main battle equipment is developed and assembled, which provides a good basis for large-scale procurement as a result of equipment upgrades. The equipment is procured on the premise that the equipment is designed, equipped, and produced on a large scale.
In the next two years, our equipment will enter into a centralized procurement period, which will benefit the main plant. On the one hand, because of the procurement cycle for the aforementioned equipment, and on the other hand because of the centralized procurement practices inherent in the procurement of our weapons equipment.
The latter feature is that military-industrial enterprises earn more than half of their five-year earnings in the next three or even two years, and the increase in their incomes in the second two years is significantly higher than in the previous years. It should be noted that the military-industrial sector is expected to enter a centralized procurement period, starting in 15 years, when military-industrial revenues are clearly suppressed, and continuing into 17 years, with the military-industrial sector on its way, starting in the second half of 18 to 2020.
The performance of listed companies has improved significantly, indicating an improvement in the basics of the industry. In 2018, the gross operating income of the q1 military industry and the net profit growth rate of the parent industry grew at a double rate of 3.83 per cent and 34.15 per cent, respectively, and the net profit growth rate of the flat was markedly accelerated, with the increase in the net profit of the mother during the first quarter either accelerating or indicating a virtual elimination of the factors that had suppressed the performance of the plate.
The rate of increase in the net profit from masturbation, military electronics, and computerization has been increasing more rapidly than in the previous year, at 102.28%, 33.34%, 60.73%, respectively. The military industry is clearly seasonal, with a generally low performance of the whole year in the first quarter and a marked improvement in the performance of the military industry in the first quarter of 18 years, and we believe that there will be a significant improvement in the performance of the entire 18 years.
The upward trend in income and profit ratios of parent companies, as seen in the changing business trends, shows that business as a whole has become more prominent in the business of the company, and that the income and profits of the parent division have increased significantly over the last three years than in the consolidated statements. In particular, 17 years of income, profit growth, and changes in the share have been more pronounced, with the parent company’s business as a whole developing at a fast pace, and the contribution of military aircraft becoming more visible.
3 The vanguard value of the manufacturing platform for medium- and large-scale military aircraft will be highlighted for a long time, and the company’s core strength lies in the value of the manufacturing platform for the company’s long-term investment in a well-defined, resource-intensive and powerful monopoly of large and medium-sized military aircraft. Through the consolidation of assets, the company now owns core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry, and the company’s integration path is long, but it is clear that it is in the clear direction of becoming a large and medium-sized army in the country.
On this basis, the company, as the manufacturing platform for the country’s medium- and large-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, as well as the subsequent upgrading of our large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour in the development and production of fighter jets, China’s aircraft will be operating in the same direction as China’s medium- and medium-sized military aircraft.
63 and 53 times, based on the prominent position of the Chinese aircraft in the military market for medium aircraft and the wide market space created by future major battle equipment loadings, the granting of first-time coverage and the procurement of military equipment was not as fast as expected;2 and the delivery of the relevant military model of the company was not as fast as expected;
3. Progress in the development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft and the failure of markets to meet expectations, led by large and medium-sized domestic aircraft, to develop a wide range of space, from spare parts to full-fledged manufacturers, to integrate the national core manufacturing platform for large-scale civil-military aircraft
China Air Aircraft Co. Ltd. (hereinafter: Chinese Airplane, stock code 000768), one of the core operating blocks of China Aviation Industries Group Ltd., has core resources for large and medium-sized domestic civil-military aircraft, full-series aircraft landing gear, and engine brake systems. The company is primarily responsible for the supply of spare parts for large and medium-sized civilian aircraft, including large and medium-sized aircraft, including c919 and arj21.
At the beginning of the company's listing, it was mainly engaged in the production of a single aircraft spare parts and some non-aeronautical supplies. After two major asset restructurings, high-quality air-manufacturing assets were introduced, and the aircraft was successfully built into a complete industrial chain, resulting in three major nuclear systems, namely, a complete aircraft fleet of large and medium-sized military aircraft, a supply of civil aircraft and spare parts, and an international turnkey operation.
In industry, the controlling shareholders of the Chinese aircraft have been transformed directly from the Western Flying Group into the aviation industry, and the streamlining of the chain of management has directly led to an increase in management efficiency, while promoting the deep development of the Chinese aircraft industry and the development of a platform for the consolidation of assets in the two major industrial systems of the aviation industry – civilian aircraft – as leading leaders in the internationalization of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft industries.
In contrast to the prevailing market impressions, the Chinese aircraft, as a company with a 10 billion-sized revenue base, achieved a compound increase in long-term earnings and profits of close to 15%, showing good growth. The company maintained a high rate of growth after completion of integration, with a combined annual growth rate of 14.8% in total business income for 12 to 17 years.
Maintained positive growth, with the same rate of increase rebounding from 14 years after it hit the bottom, with the company achieving net return profit of 471 million in 17 years, an increase of 14.10 per cent over the previous year. 12-17 years, Figure 6: Net return profit of Chinese aircraft from 12 to 17 years was 13.32 per cent.
Long-term growth of companies has largely benefited from steady growth in the proportion of air product plates and revenues. Since the asset restructuring in 2012, the growth of the company’s aviation plates has been highly consistent with business income and has grown faster than business income, and aviation products have become a major driver of corporate income growth.
The share of total operating income has continued to grow year by year, companies have become more professional, and the contribution of the air fleet to performance has become more pronounced.
In the context of a modern localized war of informatization, rapid mobility has become the focus of military development, with military transport aircraft being increasingly valued as an important force and equipment rapid delivery tool. Military transport aircraft are an aircraft used for the transport of military personnel, weapons, and other military materiel.
During the Gulf War and the Iraq War, 99% of United States troops were flown by air; during the Iraq War, United States medium and large transport aircraft carried out more than 20,000 flights, delivering 300,000 troops, 120,000 tons of cargo, and a strong and flexible long-range strategic tactical aerial delivery capability, which underpinned the strategic vision and objectives of the United States. Military transport aircraft were used in both tactical and strategic terms, medium and long distances, with medium and large loads.
Transporters are used for tactical delivery, and large military transport aircraft are used for strategic delivery. The nature of the equipment requires that the strategic transport aircraft normally weigh more than 150 tons, carry more than 40 tons, carry more than 4,000 km of normal load, perform mainly long-range (usually intercontinental) transport tasks, with large numbers of troops and large weapons and equipment, with a general heavy load, long-range, airborne, airborne and fast load, mainly at large/medium airfields away from the area of operations; tactical transport aircraft are carried mainly in close proximity to the theatre of operations.
Close-range transport tasks with a generally rapid response rate, a high adaptive capacity at airports, and a good short-range lift and landing capability, usually with a take-off weight of 60 to 80 tons, about 20 tons, and a range of 3,000 to 4,000 kilometres.
The market for military transport aircraft continued to grow. The global market for military transport aircraft increased overall until 2011, from 69 in 2004 to a high of 134 in 2011, almost doubling. The trend in the value of global delivery of military transport aircraft was largely consistent with delivery, with the total annual delivery market remaining at between $5 billion and $6 billion, until 2014, when it grew rapidly, to close to $7 billion.
According to dms, from 2015 to 2020, the world market for military transport aircraft will require 563 aircraft valued at $48.5 billion, a marked increase in the value of the delivery as a result of the higher unit cost of the new type of aircraft, although there has been no significant increase in delivery compared with the data for the past few years.
The demand for military transport aircraft for replacement is not strong, owing to high R & D inputs, high technical thresholds, long R & D cycles, and the fact that military transport aircraft have long replacement cycles, some of which are of up to 50 years. In order to continuously improve the tactical technical capabilities of military transport aircraft, transport manufacturers usually modify existing models.
The military procured more than 2,300 units, and there are still a large number of hand orders, whose production lines have been running for more than 60 years, and Lo Ma’s development of c-130j at c-130, which has tripled its effectiveness. Military transport aircraft have moved towards strategic tactical integration.
“Air transport” changes to create strategic tactical transport aircraft, which combines the load of strategic transport aircraft with short-range lift-off and landing features of tactical transport aircraft, which can be transported directly to front-line airports to complete supply tasks at the front-line. Strategic transport aircraft develop towards lightening, with a significant reduction in take-off/landing distance, such as the maximum take-off weight and maximum load of c-17a in the United States, but only half the take-off/landing distance of c-5; medium-sized tactical transport aircraft evolves to large scale, with maximum and constant loads raised.
High, if Europe’s a400m flight performance is close to c-130, the maximum load is twice as high as c-130j, reaching 37 tons. The demand for medium transport is high, and the competition in this market is “exceedingly strong.” 80% of the United States military airlifts of combat equipment/military materiel weighs less than the maximum load of the c-130j medium tactical transport aircraft, so that the conventional medium transporter’s operational capability can meet the equipment needs of most countries, and it still has a larger capacity.
Market demand, with a majority of US military transport fleets in C-130 and platform upgrades. C-130, the best-selling medium-sized tactical transport aircraft in the world, has been dominated in the market, and its latest model, c-130j, has been actively procured by a number of countries. In order to further strengthen the competitiveness of c-130j, Lockheed Martin has made a number of orders, which are slightly less than the price, and the dominant position of the c-130 series in the market for medium-sized tactical transport aircraft will be challenged by a400m.
The world’s international market for medium-sized transport aircraft will be transformed from a “one-hand cover” of c-130j into a “too many” situation. Large military transport markets will be in the future or face challenges. The global market for large military transport aircraft is now dominated mainly by the United States and Russia, and large military shipments developed in both countries.
The United States Air Force has announced that it will no longer purchase c-17a, and that the c-17a of six other exporters, except India, has already been delivered, and that the c-17a has not received any new orders. Moreover, the Russian Joint Aviation Manufacturing Group has decided to resume the production of Ir-76, and the Russian national weapons planning has been completed.
We have developed a large military transport aircraft, which, according to Xinhua's news of 6 July 2016, has been officially installed in our major military transport 20, because the weight, payload, range and other performance parameters are very close to c-17a and will be the dominant position in the United States in the future if we enter the international market.
In 2018, China spent RMB 11,6,951 million on defence, up 8.1%, exceeding market expectations. According to the spokesman for the 13th National People's Congress, 18 years of defence spending was “primarily devoted to upgrading armed equipment, improving the living conditions of military personnel and training of grass-roots forces”.
The 2015 White Paper on Defense of China's Military Strategy, which for the first time identifies the Air Force as a strategic force, sets out new requirements for the Air Force to “one air, one attack, one attack, and one attack” and shifts the Air Force from a national anti-aircraft to a strategic offensive and one-size-fits-all. To adapt to the strategic positioning shift, my Air Force will focus on building its equipment.
It is also inevitable to change with the capabilities required by the Strategic Air Force to build a system of air defence forces adapted to the information-based operational needs and to enhance strategic early warning, air strikes, anti-aircraft defence, information confrontation, airborne warfare and integrated security capabilities, which will drive our military aircraft to complete the short-strength slates, accelerate the installation of new equipment, and the need for military transport aircraft. Figure 17: Strategic air force capabilities and equipment requirements
According to Worldairforces 2018, the United States remains the world’s top active military aircraft, accounting for 13,407 military aircraft, or 25% of the global total. China’s number of active military aircraft is 3036, the third largest in the world, and 6% of the global total.
But the number of helicopter gunships, transport aircraft and special aircraft is significantly lower than that of countries like the United States and Russia: in particular, our operational transport and refuelling aircraft are not as many or as many as India. Currently, the United States has a heavy transport aircraft of C-5m45, a large transport aircraft of C-17, 222, and is very diverse and strategic.
In addition to the shortfall in requirements for transport, our refuelling aircraft and special aircraft differ greatly from the United States. According to WorldairForces 2018, we have only 83 special aircraft, about one-ten in the United States: more than three refuelling aircraft, less than one-170 in the United States.
With the transformation of the air force, the short slates of our special aircraft and refuelling aircraft need to be eliminated. Figure 18: The number of aircraft in service in our country is quite different from that of Russia and the United States.
In addition to the fact that our military aviation delivery capacity remains low in terms of the overall number and percentage of the military fleet, there are still a number of other features in terms of aircraft-type parameters, the proportion of medium-sized and large-scale transport aircraft, and the interoperability of platforms.
Year after year, the comparable Russian AN-12, the United States c-130 served in 1959, 1954, more than 20 years earlier than the shipping-8 service, plus the build-up of the capacity to deliver on a scale after the upper-eight service, which was later than in 1980 and behind Russia in time. But from another perspective, c-130, the world’s most popular medium transport aircraft, has been produced for more than 60 years now.
Over the long term, it is believed that a fully-fledged transport platform will also have a life cycle of decades for the delivery capacity that we still have to improve. There are bottlenecks in the performance of our medium-sized transport fleet, and the need to upgrade the fleet with fewer, more overlapping and older aircraft, with greater scope in terms of performance and quantity.
Volume delivery, although there is still a significant amount of service, will gradually be replaced in the future; transport-8, which has been the backbone of my military medium transport aircraft, has not been able to meet the ever-increasing demand for our equipment, its lift capacity, flight performance, and warehouse size. On the basis of shipment-8, we have developed a transport 9-military transport aircraft, which has achieved a relative improvement, with a partial performance of c-130 in load and load, and are now equipped with troops. Medium-sized military transport aircraft are in a relatively high proportion of the world’s major fleet.
High-level, taking into account strategic/tactical requirements, will be the backbone of the future military transport aircraft, and the addition of additional aircraft, the replacement of aircraft and the upgrading of the fleet structure will result in a continuing demand for medium-sized transport aircraft. From the development of our medium-sized transport platform, the shipment of seven-to-one aircraft will be withdrawn from service, the shipment of eight-to-nine packages will be assembled, and the development of a new generation of medium-sized military transport platforms will be the product development path for the country’s future medium-sized transport aircraft.
Transport-20 is a new generation of strategic-military large transport aircraft developed by China on its own and launched successfully on 26 January 2013. The development of a 20-cargo transport aircraft will allow the rapid deployment of weapons equipment, such as armoured vehicles, tanks, to armed helicopters, to “first-line battlefields” and will form a reasonable mix with the shipment of 8/9 and 7 to further improve the national system of military transport, China.
In addition to meeting the strategic air transport needs, it can be used as a platform for “special aircraft,” such as alert machines, air refuelling machines, and large electronic reconnaissance aircraft. China’s air refuelling aircraft, which are based on a six-bomber, have initially provided air refuelling capacity.
The advent of shipping-20 means that China can fully integrate the existing air refuelling system into shipping-20, and develop a dedicated large air refuelling machine. In addition, shipping-20 can serve as a platform for anti-submarine patrols and electronic reconnaissance aircraft, further expanding the range of cruises for China’s air and sea forces.
We would like to stress that, while market attention to the impact of the movement on the company’s performance is important, the firm’s more central advantage lies in the value of the platform for manufacturing large- and medium-sized military aircraft with a clear business, concentrated resources, and a strong monopoly, which is the value of the company’s investment in the longer term. Through the consolidation of its assets, the company now has a nuclear system under the China-China industry, a manufacturing resource system, and a long, but well-directed path to becoming a base for the development and production of the country’s medium- and large-sized military aircraft, which is currently owned by the company.
On this basis, the company, which is the manufacturing platform for the country’s medium-sized and large military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport fleets by 20, 8/9 and subsequent large military transports. The value of the platform as a flagship will be the company’s long-term investment value.
In addition, bombing six and bombing seven maintain long-term national security. The bombing six-series is the country’s main bombing machine, which is used for various tasks, such as tactical strategic bombing, reconnaissance, anti-ship surveillance, and surveillance. The aircraft is the core of the strategic bombing forces of the Chinese Air Force, and is constantly improving power, power, power, and airborne weapons and developing a variety of special platforms.
In the 1980s, China began to develop a two-stage series of ultrasound bombers, which were used mainly to carry out deep combat attacks, as well as sea and ground targets, for ultrasonic flights. The reshuffle 7a now has a potential market of more than 300 Chinese military large transport aircraft. In China ' s Civil-Military Integration Development Report 2014, published by the Defense University in July 2014, it was reported that the United States and the United States at that time had used to conduct ultrasonic flights.
According to the report, there are currently (in 2015) more than 700 large American transport aircraft directly used for strategic delivery, more than 800 medium- and long-range transport aircraft equipped by the Russian army, and more than 200 medium-sized transport aircraft of the Indian army. China does not need more than 10 transport fleets, and more than 400 aircraft of the 20 series to fulfil its mission in Asia.
The number of medium-sized transport aircraft in our country may be more than 450. Transport-20 and its platform capabilities are roughly the same as in the United States c-17, with 8 being slightly less than c-130, transport-9 being considered to be roughly the same as in the case of c-130, and our fleet of 20-20 and 8/9 can be based on the delivery capacity ladders of United States c-17 and c-130. Taking into account the technological trend towards strategic/tactical integration of transport aircraft, and the fact that we currently have a large transport platform with capacity greater than 20, that is, the United States.
We take the projected lower-limit value of 300 shipments - 20 as a target for our future military fleet equipment, with the ratio of c-17 to c-130 in the United States fleet, which is roughly 1:2, given that our fleet is still far below that of the United States, that military expenditures are still far below that of the United States, that there is not enough financial support for the special platform needs, and that we moderately lower the ratio, taking into account that the total number of our future aircraft at the 8/9 level is projected to be 450 at around 1:1.5.
According to the US Department of Defense ' s 2014 contribution to the US Congress, c-130 Hercules:background, modernization, issuesforcongress, 79 c-130j United States Army procurement costs $5.8 billion for the 2014-2018 fiscal year, with a single purchase cost of about $74 million. Also in the US Department of Defense ' s 2009 contribution to the US Congress, Airforce-17aircraft Production: Backgroundand
On average, considering inflation, it is estimated that the market size for shipment-20 and shipment-8/9 is approximately RMB 55.7 billion and RMB 224.01 billion. According to Worldairforces 2018, our number of 6 series of bombers is 120 and 770. Compared to the United States and Russia, our number of fighter planes is no higher, but the intergenerational composition of the fighters is extremely backward, and the second generation, represented by j-7, j-8 and q-5, still accounts for almost half of the number of fighters.
The six series and the seven series will replace the old bombers in a smooth manner before the strategic fighter model. The orders for the company bombers will be secured and will help build a competitive pattern for the civil aircraft abc, and the deep involvement in the manufacturing of the national aircraft will bring about a strong growth in the world ' s civil aircraft market and new opportunities for development.
Boeing predicts that by 2036, the world market for civilian aircraft will be $6 trillion. Over the next 20 years, as the economy develops and the middle class expands, air tourism will be 2.5 times as large as it is now. By 2036, the world will double the number of civilian aircraft; in addition, 3/4 of the 23,500 aircraft in service will need to be replaced.
The world's civil aircraft market will reach $6.1 trillion.c 919 targets the single-channel mainline aircraft market, challenging the monopolization of the world's civilian aircraft market, which now creates a pattern of bipolar competition between Boeing Airfarers.
The civil aircraft industry has entered an era of full competition between Boeing and Airbus, particularly after the 1997 merger of the Boeing with McDonnell douglas, which has gradually formed a two-tier market structure in the field of global trunkline aircraft, which has been divided almost by two large aviation giants. To date, two companies have formed a complete series of products from 100 low-end trunking aircraft to over 500 mega-line aircraft.
According to the Flying International website, with aircrews and Boeing significantly increasing their output in 2018, they will produce 1,600 aircraft, compared to 1481 in 2017, an increase of almost 8 per cent. According to the outlook of these companies in 2018, Boeing will continue to produce 810-815 aircraft and maintain market leadership. In 2017, Boeing delivered 763 aircraft, with a 6 - 6.8 per cent increase in delivery, and airfarers are expected to deliver from 2017.
The area of competition for future civilian aircraft, as predicted by Boeing in 2018, is still dominated by single-channel trunkline aircraft. The size of the world ' s single-channel trunkline passenger aircraft will reach $3.1 trillion over the next two decades, and the capacity of Boeing air carriers and air carriers will not be able to meet reserve orders, opening the world ' s markets for our major domestic aircraft.
The first successful flight took place on 26 February 2018, with a cumulative 815 orders from 28 clients. c919 will break the monopolistic pattern of the world’s civil aircraft.
According to the then Chinese Vice-Minister of Commerce, Trade and Marketing, Iron red, on the 2014 Pearl Sea flight show, c919 will be priced for the latest types of low Boeing, air passenger 737max and a320neo, so while, overall, the performance of c919 is between a320 and b737 and the price advantage of c919 will be more pronounced.
Over the next 20 years, we will be the largest global civil aviation market, with a market share of 25 per cent. Of these, the demand for single-way passenger aircraft will reach 5420, and the aircraft system will consist mainly of three major parts of the airframe, engine and aircraft-borne equipment, the largest part of which will be worth 40 per cent of the value of the aircraft.
The co-designator of the major passenger aircraft, C919 China, said that c919 would be commercialized after 1-2 years, and domestic demand was conservatively estimated at around 2,000. At a unit price of $50 million per unit, this portion of the company ' s revenue would be at least $40 billion over the next 20 to 30 years.
The feeder aircraft will start a high-growth phase • 6,400 commercial aircraft will be in demand. Of these, the 70-90 class will be in demand for 2,280 and the 90-130 plus class will be in demand for 4120 and will be the fastest growing segment of all aircraft levels. 63% of the number of newly delivered aircraft will be used to meet the new growth demand in the market, while the remaining 37% will be used to replace the old.
The Chinese Business Flight 2017-2036 Annual Forecast Report shows that China is expected to deliver 8,575 passenger aircraft valued at approximately $1,210.4 billion over the next two decades, of which 13% are used by 1,097 passenger planes, of which 90 are based. The company that will promote our autonomous development of feeder aircraft will benefit from the production of arj21 passenger aircraft. The arj21 aircraft is the first medium- and short-range of autonomous intellectual property under international civil aviation regulations.
kilometre. At present, the arj21 new branch aircraft are officially operational and marketed well. There are a cumulative total of 21 customers with 453 orders. The Chinese aircraft are the main distributor of the arj21 and are responsible for the development and delivery of structural components, such as the arj21 head, airframe/wing and rear airframes. The company will benefit fully as the anrj21 orders become adequate and ready for bulk production.
The new boat series, which is our own turbo-line aircraft, now includes 60 and 600 new boats that are already on the line, and 700 new boats that are in the development phase. The new boat 60 has evolved into a variety of models, including, in addition to the traditional official jets, the remodeled rain-climbing machines, remote sensing machines, etc., which are more up-to-date. The new boat 60 is the only autonomous passenger aircraft that the country is currently investing in the international market.
After opening the gate to the world, 60 new boats are now operating in a number of countries in Africa, Asia, South America, Oceania, with steady growth in international orders, and 700 new boats, another of our own new turbo-line aircraft, are expected to fly first in 2019. In 2017, the company’s massive growth in research and development costs suggests that the company is steadily moving forward with the development of a completely new `new boat' 700.
The successful development of the aircraft's representative product will break the current international vortex feeder market of Bombardy and Baramar, challenging the world's first position as a vortex feeder. The new ship has now harvested 185 domestic and foreign orders.
The company’s main business at the beginning of the market was the production of air spare parts. After the market, the company, through its continuous capital operation, invested all the funds collected in projects such as the technology for the production of air-wing spare parts abroad, the technology for the manufacture of large aircraft gold spares, and so on.
Now, from “food processing” to “supplier contracting” to becoming a strategic partner in world-renowned aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing, European airfarers, and Alenia, Italy. In recent years, the company’s international subcontracting business has been relatively smooth overall, and the atr production line is now being crafted, and the volume of orders will be larger.
The overall performance of the company may have been driven by military aircraft operations, and the trend in the business of the SAC parent company has been more positive than in the consolidated statements, reflecting the more prominent performance of the military aircraft. There are currently 15 major subsidiaries and joint ventures of the SAC aircraft that are included in the consolidated statements, with the exception of the new boat series, the 7-carrying aircraft production and development business, which is owned by the Western Civil Aviation Company, the remaining major military fleets are operated by the parent company.
In the light of recent trends in the business of the China-China aircraft, the income and profit ratio of the parent company has been rising, indicating that the business as a whole has become more prominent in the business of the company, and that the earnings and profits of the parent company have increased significantly over the consolidated statement level in the last three years. In particular, 17 years of revenue, profit growth and share have increased faster than the consolidated statement, suggesting that the company’s business as a whole is growing at a rapid pace and that the contribution of military aircraft has become more evident.
The 17-year expansion of some civilian operations has been smooth or slow, indicating an increase of 20% or more in military-related operations. The company’s aviation output grew by 20% in 2017, at a high rate in the last three years, while the scale of its operations, other than aviation products, has contracted further, thus significantly increasing its structure. The high rate of aviation production does not necessarily represent an increase in the delivery of military aircraft, although, depending on the composition of civilian operations, it is likely that civilian operations will be largely flat or shrinking.
The company’s aviation products consist mainly of aircraft and aircraft spare parts, including military aircraft and new boats 60, and spare parts packages, including arj, c919, braking systems and international cooperation projects. The changes in operations are as follows: the number of new ship deliveries is decreasing by 60 and three are planned for 18 years.
The impact of the volume on the company’s performance growth is more evident, but the impact of this component has been gradually reduced as the company’s other operations have expanded and the delivery of 60 new boats has decreased. Arj21 has had some positive but limited impact on overall performance 17 years ago. The arj-21 prototype was first flown in 08, 105 in 15 years, 109 aircraft were first flown, and 110 to 114 aircraft were in total and ready for delivery.
Ajr 21 is a total of 10, an average of less than 4 a year. Commercial flights are expected to deliver 15 arj in 2018. If the 6 units of 109 to 114 are to be delivered are taken into account, the completion of a total of at least 9 units in 18 years will depend mainly on the ability to release on board a flying plant.
In terms of international cooperation projects, the first two years have been generally stable, with a contraction of 18 years. International turnkey production operations have been stable over the past few years, with a slight decline in the last two years, as measured by the volume of deliveries.
The project delivered 3,635 spare parts, a 40 per cent reduction compared to this year. c 919 spare parts packages have limited short-term impact. c919 currently in evidence, although there are large orders of intent, in recent years it has become clear that the tasks associated with west flights have been associated with the completion of flight tests and the conduct of seaworthy forensics while building related production capacity.
With 104 to 106 opportunities gradually starting to manufacture the assembly, we judge that in the next three to five years, c919 related operations have shown little or no impact on the company’s performance. The company’s braking system has remained largely stable in recent years, and may have grown to some degree in the coming years as a result of the increased delivery of military aircraft.
Sales costs have increased significantly over the same period, with company delivery rising steadily in 2017, with company sales costs increasing significantly from 2016 to 59.24%. The company ' s annual report shows that the significant increase in current sales costs is mainly due to increased sales of current products and higher costs for technical services of the products envisaged. However, the company ' s annual report does not disclose any information on the delivery of the full fleet of military aircraft.
This may be explained by the increase in the number of deliveries and the substantial increase in the cost of the technical services of the product. Agent fees and commissioning charges are the company’s “sale agents’ fees paid to the agent’s export firm in accordance with the sales of the sub-contracted product” and the commission of foreign customers, partly related to the sub-contracting business and partly to the entire export product.
In the 2017 annual report, the cost of sales services increased significantly, but only one was delivered, so we reasonably assume that the volume of the entire aircraft delivered increased significantly during the first quarter of the year and that the company achieved $5,251 million in operating income in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 67.65 per cent and a new high in operating income in five years: a net profit of $27,0.9 million, the same amount.
An increase of 130.76 per cent, with a company’s balanced production showing first results, with a sharp shift in performance over the same period last year. Often, the performance of military-industrial enterprises is characterized by a marked seasonality, with a generally small contribution to performance during the first quarter, often with negative profits, while the company’s over-performance during the first quarter augurs well for a higher level of growth in performance, and future profitability is expected to be raised steadily The core recommended logic: market space is wide, industry fundamentals are changing positively and has a pioneering platform value
In general, market determination, industry warming, corporate leadership are highlighted as three core aspects of our proposal for Chinese aircraft at this stage, each answering the three main questions we face: good industry? good timing? Good company? We think the company faces a real and long-term market demand for civil-military aircraft.
The starting point for the main military-industrial-equipment mainframe has been in place for a long period of time. The Chinese aircraft, which are the backbone of the country’s medium- and large-sized military aircraft manufacturing industry and the core of our trunk feeder civilian passenger aircraft, have brought together the best resources for the design and production of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, as well as the absence of other competitors in the area of transport aircraft, and the industry’s incomparable leadership will benefit from the huge future demand for military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value.
The market needs of the Chinese aircraft have been identified and the market for the Chinese aircraft has been vast, and the market for the civilian passenger aircraft has been wide. With regard to the medium and large military aircraft, the strategic transformation of the air force has been supported by air landing and integrated security capabilities, which have created an urgent need for the large and medium military transport aircraft.
This gap needs to be addressed. In particular, we are lagging behind in the number and percentage of operational transport and refuelling aircraft. Currently, the United States has a heavy transport aircraft of c-5m45, c-17 large transport aircraft of 222 and a very diverse type, with a strong strategic transport capability. China has a large number of medium-sized and small transport aircraft, such as 8 and China’s active transport aircraft, and currently has an imported IL-76, with a 48-ton load, with a severely inadequate strategic delivery capability.
In 2014, we predicted that China would need more than 10 convoys in the future, and more than 400 aircraft in the 20 series in order to meet the needs of its missions in Asia. We estimated that shipping 20 and 8/9 would be a combination of our strategic and tactical transport capacity ladders, with a future market size of approximately RMB 5577 billion and RMB 224.01 billion.
c919 Breaking the monopolization of Boeing Airfarers has had a far-reaching impact on the world civil aircraft market. As of 26 February 2018, c919 orders had accumulated, and according to Chinese commercial flights, China is expected to deliver 8,575 passenger aircraft valued at approximately $1,210.4 million over the next two decades. Domestic market demand will be an important support for the development of the large aircraft industry, and the implementation of the large aircraft strategy will be an important enabler for the upgrading of our manufacturing industry.
There have been positive changes in the industrial fundamentals, with our defence budget spending exceeding expectations, with an emphasis on weapons and equipment renewal. In 2018, the central general public budget expenditure was $11,69.51 billion, or 8.1 per cent more, in a central public budget arrangement, before the market generally anticipated that the budget for defence spending for 18 years would remain at the 7-7.5 per cent level.
The main battle equipment is developed and assembled, which provides a good basis for large-scale procurement as a result of equipment upgrades. The equipment is procured on the premise that the equipment is designed, equipped, and produced on a large scale.
In the next two years, our equipment will enter into a centralized procurement period, which will benefit the main plant. On the one hand, because of the procurement cycle for the aforementioned equipment, and on the other hand because of the centralized procurement practices inherent in the procurement of our weapons equipment.
The latter feature is that military-industrial enterprises earn more than half of their five-year earnings in the next three or even two years, and the increase in their incomes in the second two years is significantly higher than in the previous years. It should be noted that the military-industrial sector is expected to enter a centralized procurement period, starting in 15 years, when military-industrial revenues are clearly suppressed, and continuing into 17 years, with the military-industrial sector on its way, starting in the second half of 18 to 2020.
The performance of the military engineering industry improved further in 2018q1, with the most notable improvements in the aviation, ground, military-industrial and information-processing industries. The net profit increase in the aviation, ground-cam, military-industrial electronics and information-diversion industries increased at a sustained rate, compared with the previous year, at 102.28%, 33.34%, and 60.73% respectively. The military-industrial sector was clearly seasonal, with a generally year-wide low performance in the first quarter, with a marked improvement in the military-industrial sector from the first quarter of 18 years, with some predictions of a significant improvement throughout the 18 years.
The performance of listed companies has improved significantly, indicating an improvement in the basics of the industry. In 2018, the gross operating income of the q1 military industry and the net profit growth rate of the parent industry grew at a double rate of 3.83 per cent and 34.15 per cent, respectively, and the net profit growth rate of the flat was markedly accelerated, with the increase in the net profit of the mother during the first quarter either accelerating or indicating a virtual elimination of the factors that had suppressed the performance of the plate.
The rate of increase in the net profit from masturbation, military electronics, and computerization of mothers has continued to accelerate over the previous year, with 102.28%, 33.34%, 60.73%, respectively. The military industry is clearly seasonal, with a generally one-quarter low annual performance, and improved performance in the military industry from 18 years to 1-quarters, and we believe that the performance of the military industry will improve considerably throughout the 18-year period.
The strength of the company’s core lies in the value of its own monopolistic platform for the manufacture of large and medium military aircraft, which is the company’s longer-term investment value. Through the consolidation of assets, the company now has a core manufacturing resource system under the China-China industry, and the company’s integration path, though long, is clearly defined as a base for the development and production of large and medium-sized military aircraft in our country, where the company’s current production resources, such as those in the form of shipping-8, bombing-7, bombing-6, etc., are still in the hands of the country’s air fleet.
On this basis, the company, as the manufacturing platform for our medium- and large-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft by 20, medium-sized transport aircraft by 9 and, subsequently, medium- and large-sized military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen Flying in the development of production directions, the Chinese aircraft in the medium- and large-sized military aircraft manufacturing platform, based on the construction of our military equipment and the strategic air force capability, we present in this report a forecast of the market for our large and medium-sized transport aircraft, which predicts that large military transport aircraft can be used.
We assume that our medium and large transport fleet will be gradually completed over the next 20-25 years, with a mere 31.2 billion to 39 billion in the market space for large and medium transport aircraft. In addition to large and medium transport aircraft, companies also have a series of aircraft-type tasks such as bombing-6, jh-7, and we believe that the period of defence spending, main battle equipment preparation and procurement will come and the company’s military operations will enter the weather week.
We predict a small decline in non-avigational companies’ non-aeronautical products of between 5 and 5% per year, based mainly on the assumption that the company’s output line will increase, and the company’s production capacity demand for aviation products will increase. The expansion and the increase in capacity use, we believe, have the potential to further increase the Māori rate of aviation products.
The main reason for this is the introduction of a cost-plus pricing mechanism for our military goods against monopoly equipment, which, under the framework of cost-added pricing mechanisms, has no incentive for companies to reduce costs and profits are not fully released. Under the cost-pricing mechanism, revenue is a more realistic measure of the growth of the enterprise, with production being assessed as a target, and the ability to make a profit is not sufficiently constrained.
So we use market sales rates ps as one of the indicators of the company’s valuation level. We have selected nine comparable companies in the military-industrial industry, both domestic and foreign, to compare them with Chinese aircraft in terms of scope, capital background, market value, and income scale.
(a) The procurement of military equipment was less than anticipated; while the budget for IDF expenditure in 2018 increased faster than anticipated and the five-year cycle for the procurement of equipment was generally concentrated on release during the next three years, there was some uncertainty that the procurement of military equipment was more affected by the troop procurement plan because it was not fully marketed.
(b) While the relevant model of the company has been delivered to the troops, the piloting of the model itself, the procurement process and the size of the company's production capacity have all affected the progress of the delivery of the relevant model of the company, thereby creating some uncertainty.
c919 is still in the test-flying phase, future model airworthiness certification, market opening still requires a certain period of time, and the main-line civil aircraft market faces strong competition from Boeing Airfarers; the arj21 market is still to be strengthened, and ma7000 is still under development. There is still some uncertainty about the production and market opening of our national-produced civilian passenger aircraft.
The company’s future performance is affected by the publication of well-known European-American journals, such as newssmarts, journalportfoliomanage, journalftrading, etc. Field planning, project pre-research, and technical clearances, and participation in the design of civilian passenger aircraft, such as the c919 and Bombardic series, as well as in major engineering studies in the space field.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.