The semiconductor's equipment leads, and it's likely to benefit from the national production of the equipment.
North China is the largest supplier of high-end semiconductor equipment in China, the richest product system, and the most extensive in the field. The company combines seven-star electronics and northern microelectronics.
Resources are integrated and complementary. Four clusters of semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, new energy lithium electrical equipment, and precision devices have been formed to provide a comprehensive approach to such areas as semiconductors, new energy sources, new materials, etc. Marketing services cover major countries and regions around the world, including Europe, the United States, Asia.
In terms of operations, semiconductor equipment/electronic components/vacuum equipment/lithium electric equipment technology has continued to evolve, and single-crystal orders have grown rapidly. In 2017, companies made a historic breakthrough in empty equipment market orders, with over $1 billion in new contracts during the year.
19.9 pct. However, in 2017, the company ' s R & D cost as a share of total revenue remained high at 33% and had remained high for many years. We believe that it is the high priority that companies attach to R & D that has established the company ' s position in the supply of high-end semiconductor equipment today, providing a dynamic dynamic for the growth of the company ' s performance.
With the semiconductor equipment industry growing, and the domesticization of the equipment is the inevitable option, seventeen 12-inch crystal mills have been built globally over the past two years, and ten are located in mainland China. The 2016-2017 wave of crystal factory construction in mainland China will lead to a wave of equipment investment from 2018 to 2019, with mainland China’s equipment spending expected to be the highest global spending area in 2019.
In 2018, Chinese equipment will increase by 49% (the highest global rate) to $11.3 billion. However, semiconductor core equipment, especially crystallized manufacturing equipment, is subject to a technical blockade by foreign firms in actual purchases (the Wassenaar Accord), and full nationalization is the inevitable option. It is estimated that in 2020, the national production semiconductor will generate $15 billion in ready sales revenue and market ownership will reach about 20%.
The lead enterprises are expected to produce semiconductor equipment in full beneficiary countries. 14nm process validation, subsequent performance growth in semiconductor equipment operations, continued technological strengthening of company semiconductor equipment operations, and expanding market applications.
At the same time, equipment products such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-alone oxidizers, spreading furnaces, scrubbers and gas quality flow controllers developed by the company have been successful.
Now industrialized, 28 nm and above of the technology-detailing equipment has been bulked into the national mainstream, circuit production lines have been produced, and some of the products have become part of the national tap chip manufacturer's baseline platform. The 8-inch integrated circuit equipment has also been fully integrated into the national mainstream plant and the idm to acquire the akrion company to take over the cleaning machine market.
The company’s integrated cleaning operations, comprising 8-12 inches of single-swap and batch cleaning of two product lines, have further increased the variety of processes covered, which has contributed significantly to the overall market competitiveness of the company’s cleaning of equipment. The cleaning process, which accounts for about 30% of all process steps, has significantly increased the importance of the cleaning process as semiconductor circuits become thinly nuanced and revenue can be raised.
The company, as the leader of Chinese semiconductor high-end equipment, is expected to benefit deeply from the development of domestic equipment as a result of continued breakthroughs in product research and development, expansion of production capacity, and overseas acquisitions.
Human resource risks are expected, taking into account the current state of company operations, to be given an “enhanced” rating.
1.1. History of development: a strong combination of integrated circuit equipment providers and electronic component suppliers The North Chinese (naura) is a combination of seven star electrons and northern microelectronics, leading domestic semiconductor equipment, which was established in September 2001 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in March 2010 and is the only collection in the country
The company that has been listed as a public utility is also one of the major contributors to the country’s technology-related activities, namely, washing machines, oxidizers, lpcvd (low-pressure chemical phase deposition), ald (atom layer deposition) and gas quality flow controllers (mfc). At the same time, seven-star electrons are the main suppliers of precision electronic components in the country.
The company focuses on the development of etching equipment (etch), physical gas phase deposition equipment (pvd) and chemical gas phase deposition equipment (cvd) for the production and sale of high end integrated circuit equipment.
(mems) Areas such as: Table 1: The North’s Credential Development Process 1.2. The country’s semiconductor equipment is the largest and the product line is the largest.
North China is the largest supplier of high-end semiconductor equipment in China, the richest product system, and the most extensive in the field. Restructured, North China has built on the technological resources and research capabilities of seven stars and northern microelectronics, bringing about the integration and complementarity of resources, based on science, technology and innovation, and is committed to accelerating the battle between North China and the new manufacturing industry.
A slight transformation; commitment to become the leading international electronics equipment and sophisticated electronic components, two basic electronics service providers; commitment to improving the quality of human intelligence life; and commitment to China’s dream blueprint of “intellectual power.” At present, the North has created a technology park in the Yangtze district, an economic and technological development zone in Beijing, and a comprehensive safety net in Japan.
The industrial space layout of the district and the Pingyaya Ma’s industrial park, the main semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, the new energy lithium electrical installation and the four major clusters of precision components, provides a comprehensive solution to the problems of semiconductors, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and marketing services cover major countries and regions around the world.
The company has 10 specialists in the medium-sized 1,000-man plan, who have been assigned to the Ministry of Science and Technology "XV"863 Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Project and major national research and development and industrialization projects specifically dedicated to technology 02. The products cover: plasma etching (etch), physical gas deposition (pvd), chemical gas deposition (cvd), oxidation/dissemination, cleaning, de-escalation, etc.
Semiconductor process equipment: tablet displays core components such as manufacturing equipment and gas quality flow controllers. These are related to integrated circuits, advanced encapsulations, led, mems, electrical electronics, tablet displays, photovoltaic batteries, etc. Figure 1: Company operations are divided into four main categories of semiconductor equipment, lithium power equipment, electronic components, vacuum equipment.
Financial analysis: performance continued to grow at a high rate in 2017. Good market factors that benefited from the development of electronic processes equipment and components were driven in 2017 by company operating income of 2,223 million yuan, an increase of 37.01 per cent over the same period, and net return to mothers of 126 million yuan, an increase of 35.21 per cent over the same period.
The main reason for this increase is the increase in the volume of product sales in the current period. Sub-products show a significant increase in the sale of various products in the North. Of this amount, the turnover of semiconductor equipment was $1,134 million, compared with +39.47 per cent, representing 51.0 per cent of operating income; and the operating income of electronic components.
It is worth noting that, in the semiconductor equipment business, the company has made breakthroughs in a number of areas of disaggregation, and the process validation of the 14nm process equipment has been delivered to the center core international client. At the same time, the company has developed etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, diffusers, cleaners, and gas for the manufacture of 12-inch crystals.
Equipment products, such as volume flow controllers, have been successfully industrialized, with 28 nm and more of the technology proxy equipment entering in bulk into the production lines of the country’s mainstream integrated circuits, and some of the products have become the production lines of the country’s leading chip manufacturer, the baseline.
With regard to vacuum equipment operations, crystal growth equipment has benefited from the rapid development of the domestic photovoltaic industry and the technological advances in single-crystal cell processes, and single-crystal orders have grown rapidly. In 2017, companies made a historic breakthrough in the vacuum equipment market order, with new contracts of over $1 billion a year.
Sub-operationally, the Māori ratio for semiconductor equipment was 35.37 per cent, corresponding to 5.51 ptt; the Māori rate for electronic components was 43.72 per cent, compared to a lower profitability than in 2016, mainly due to a decrease in Māori for semiconductor equipment, which was well controlled during the reporting period, totalling 42.6 per cent, corresponding to 21.5 ptt.
The annual capitalization of 51.55% of corporate R & D inputs has led to a decrease in R & D costs as a percentage of total income by 13.6 pct. However, in 2017, R & D costs for companies remained at 736 million, representing as much as 33% of total income. For many years, R & D costs have remained high.
The position in the supply of high-end semiconductor equipment provides a constant impetus for the growth of corporate performance. Corporate accounts payable, bills payable, advance receipts increased significantly in 2017 compared to 2016, with advance payments in the typical equipment manufacturers, advances and inventories significantly increasing, indicating that companies have sufficient hand orders and future revenue growth
2. Semiconductor equipment industry: high industry growth, domestication of equipment was the inevitable choice for a re-creation of the global semiconductor industry in 2017, with revenues from industrial sales exceeding $400 billion. Wsts released data in February 2018, with revenues from global semiconductor industry sales of $408.69 million in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
20.60 per cent; at the same time, according to the annual report, there is a general perception among research institutions that the industry will continue to prosper in 2018 and that China has become the largest semiconductor consumer market in the world due to strong market demand, accounting for about three-thirds of the global total.
In the last two years, 17 12-inch crystal mills have been built around the world, 10 in mainland China. China’s 2016-2017 wave of crystal mills will bring about a wave of equipment investment in 2018-2019, and the entire global semiconductor equipment industry will show unprecedented prosperity.
The sales of the automobile manufacturing equipment will increase by 35.6 per cent to $55.9 billion, marking the first time that the semiconductor equipment market has surpassed the 2000 market by $47.7 billion. The global semiconductor equipment market is expected to grow by 7.5 per cent in 2018, breaking its historical record by $60.1 billion.
By region, China will have the highest rate of growth in the sale of equipment in 2018, 49.3%, reaching $11.3 billion. In 2018, Korea, China, and Taiwan are expected to remain at the top of the top three markets, and Korea will be at the top of the list by $16.9 billion. China is expected to be the second largest market in the world with $11.3 billion, while the Taiwan region will receive the sales of equipment.
Figure 10: China will jump into the second largest semiconductor equipment market in the world in 2018.
Figure 11: China’s semiconductor equipment market is growing rapidly. Crystal manufacturing equipment expenditure is an important part of total equipment expenditure, accounting for an average of 70-80% of total equipment expenditure.
The seven production stages of ion injection, film growth, polishing, metalization plus surface detection points running through the entire production process correspond to the different types of equipment produced by the country ' s various pioneer manufacturers, as shown in the table below.
In 2016, the top 10 manufacturers of semiconductor-specific equipment worldwide (United States applications, Netherlands asml, etc.) sold up to $37.9 billion, with a market share of up to 92%. The sales of the top 10 manufacturers of semiconductor equipment in China were about $730 million, with a large income gap.
The industry is typically a technology-driven and capital-intensive industry, with a self-contained rate of only about 14 per cent at present, and concentrated in the back lane sealing chain (with low technical difficulty), as semiconductor core equipment, especially crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment, is subject to a technical blockade by foreign firms in actual purchases.
Full nationalization is the inevitable option. In the future, as the country continues to move ahead with the country’s special 02-year-old project and the country’s integrated circuit fund is funded through Phase II, key equipment areas such as light burners, etching machines, membrane sedimentation equipment, etc., are expected to be available. Table 5: Top ten semiconductor manufacturers in the country.
According to the Chinese Association of Electronic Specialized Equipment (cepea), domestic semiconductor equipment accounted for about 11% of China ' s total semiconductor equipment sales in 2016, of which c accounted for 49% of all semiconductor equipment sales. The average annual growth rate of national integrated circuit equipment between 2018 and 2020 will be over 25%, facilitated by the construction of new integrated circuit lines.
The company is promoting the technological development and market of new products such as 14nm process equipment.
In parallel with the expansion, industrialization of technological intergenerational equipment of 28 nm and above; deployment of 10 nm, 7 nm frontier critical technology development and maintenance of frontier technology development; in the area of corrosion machines, silicon corrosion machine development has entered 7 nm and 14 nm equipment has entered the center core international.
Production line validation; in the case of metal etching machines, the country’s first equipment for 8 inches of crystal circle has been developed and is also entering the middle core of the international production line. In the area of sedimentation equipment, the pvd equipment has achieved bulk delivery at the 28nm level and has become the national mainstream chip-for-work base and has successfully entered the international supply chain system.
Figure 14: Corporate nmc612d12inch14nm silicon etching machine. In the area of washing machines, company akrion, a company that acquired silicon cleaning equipment from the United States in 2017, was further strengthened by the 12-inch single-poll cleaning product line that was originally developed by the owner.
The washing machine is an entry point for internationalization of other semiconductor equipment products. Taking advantage of financing sources such as large funds, local industry funds, and relevant national and local industrial policies, it actively explores diversified business expansion models and promotes corporate scalability and business expansion.
As a leading domestic semiconductor equipment firm, with strong domestic policy and financial support, firms have built up a core level of autonomous technology. We appreciate the company's rise in home-grown equipment, the history of the beneficiary countries' crystal-crystal equipment.
The operational performance of the four major pieces of electronic components, vacuum equipment, and lithium electrical equipment assumes the following: 1) semiconductor equipment: from the end of the crystal manufacturing equipment, the market space for crystal production equipment increased by 53.55% in 2018, 53.92%. Given the imminent release of the company semiconductor equipment and the high Māori characteristics of the semiconductor equipment, we expect it to be public.
The Division ' s semiconductor equipment operating income increased by 50 per cent, 75 per cent, 67 per cent, and the Māori rate by 55 per cent, 58 per cent and 60 per cent respectively.3 Vacuum equipment: the company ' s announcement of vacuum equipment (single furnaces) orders in 2017 totalled 1,023 million, of which 200 million were recognized in 2017, based on revenue recognition cycles (8-9 months) and downstream photovoltaic customers headed by Lungi
Taking into account the company's role as the leader of China's semiconductor high-end equipment, which is driven by sustained breakthroughs in product research and development, expansion of production capacity, and overseas acquisitions, the country's domestic production equipment development opportunities from the wave of deep-beneficiary plants are given an “enhanced” rating. 1. The semiconductor equipment industry has a declining climate: the semiconductor industry can generate cyclical fluctuations, which will affect upstream setting.
Industry is highly competitive: International semiconductor equipment leading companies may be exposed to the risk of increased competition in the future through a strategy of further upgrading competition in mainland China. 3. Research and development has not progressed as expected: the current level of technology in the field of semiconductor equipment in the country and the level of international advanced technology remain.
There are gaps, and there is an accelerated catch-up. But technology research and development costs, long validation cycles, lead to equipment development, 4. Human resource risks: companies are in the electronics and equipment industry, and are more dependent on high-tech talent.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.