The semiconductor core equipment has risen to the top of the industry.
We believe that there is a three-fold opportunity to ensure that the domestic semiconductor is able to develop. The semiconductor market is shifting to the domestic market.The domestic semiconductor market was sold at $131.5 billion in 2017.
At 31.9% of total global sales, domestic sales grew by 22.2%, higher than the global semiconductor semiconductor manufacturing technology. In the core of integrated circuit manufacturing, in the “post-Moor era” where Moore's laws slowed down, the process of processing chips in the country has been brought into the mainstream.
14nm, in 2017, the total domestic sale of integrated circuits was 541.1 billion yuan, with manufacturing accounting for 27 per cent of total revenue, reaching $144.8 billion, and growing faster than design and seal testing;
There's plenty of room for core semiconductor equipment. In the field of corrosion cleaning and sedimentation equipment, North China has made great strides, and products have been endorsed by mainstream manufacturers. According to statistics, a total investment of $125.5 billion in domestic production lines will generate $21 billion in corrosion cleaning equipment and $15.5 billion in sinking.
The base of other major battalion operations is solid. Vacuum equipment can maintain a high growth rate with sufficient hand-held orders, stable downstream demand for electronic components and lithium power equipment and a steady growth trend.
And the continued escalation of the trade war has brought about an unprecedented degree of national interest in semiconductor industry development, with the rise in the late 2017s of the Kyoto East, representing the panel industry, successfully demonstrating that national strategies to support industry development can be achieved, and that companies will absorb valuations with high growth in the future.
And the company is now the only semiconductor core equipment to be marketed, and it's extremely scarce. We, 1, North China 2 (002371), high income growth, half 2, Seven Star Electronics (002371), tri-quarterly report: integrated.
Quick-entry period for circuit equipment operations 3 , Seven Star Electronics (002371) In-depth report: “Stealers” in the semiconductor industry 2016-09-28
North Huatuan (002371); semiconductor core equipment is the best opportunity to move up the industry.
1.1 A growing industrial chain that enhances the competitiveness of enterprises is a combination of four major industries, the North China. The company is preceded by the Beijing Seven Stars of China Electronics Company (hereinafter “Seven Stars of Electronics”), which operates in cleaning machines, oxidizers, lpcvd (low-pressure chemical phase deposition), ald.
(atom layer deposition) and gas mass flow controller (mfc).