High-end semiconductor equipment leaders in the country, high-growth industry landscape - the first-ever coverage report by the North Chinese Corporation, leading suppliers of high-end semiconductor equipment in the country, and the first-ever “recommended” rating:
Ps 0.50, 0.74 and $1.05 respectively. The company is a leading supplier of semiconductor state-owned equipment, and some of the equipment has entered the 14nm process certification process and will continue to benefit from the need for semiconductor equipment driven by the construction of a domestic crystalline, and we expect the company to be able to replace imports and enjoy a wide range of space.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating has been given. • The investment in domestic crystalline planning is significant and is expected to exceed $60 billion in semiconductor equipment requirements: 2017-2020, the domestic crystal mill project is expected to be launched on a large scale, in accordance with established regulations.
US$ billion. The value of semiconductor equipment is 60-70% of the pre-crystal processing equipment, and the cumulative domestic demand for semiconductor equipment is expected to be about US$ 45-48 billion between 2017 and 2020. • Long-term high R & D inputs, with a strong corporate technology base and over US$ 20 billion in import replacement space:
The company, as a major dedicated unit for 02, has completed several key processes, such as 12 inches of integrated circuit manufacturing equipment, 90-28nm, and currently has equipment products such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, diffuse furnaces, cleaning machines, etc., which represent about 40% of the value of semiconductor equipment.
For the next three years, more than $20 billion in semiconductor equipment is expected to be imported into alternative space.
The single-crystal product in corporate vacuum equipment has benefited in recent years from a rapid increase in the volume of light-voltage new loaders, with hand orders full, and the company vacuum equipment growing as the cost of light-voltage has dropped and marketed gradually spread. The company’s lithium power equipment product is about 33% of the value, and the country’s lead in the coating technology will benefit from it.
New-energy car booms. Corporate precision electronics products maintain a high Māori rate of over 43% over the long term, and it is expected that the production of new products will lead to growth in corporate business, with less than expected light-voltaic additions.
National integrated circuit high-end process-equipment high-quality supplier, Reorganisation of Seven Stars Electronics and Northern Microelectronics.