Applying the standard materials to explore the rise of national production equipment, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has the same point: timely M & As reorganization, full variety of equipment, and client coverage of many semiconductor locomotives in the North.
The Chinese invention and applications are the backbone of semiconductor equipment in China and globally, with a full range of equipment covering key processes such as oxidation, cleaning, pvd, cvd, etching, and high customer quality, with the North offering Chinese semiconductor taps such as Tokyo, China Harbour International and Lungi shares supplying equipment to major customers for the application of materials.
From the growth trajectory, the North has grown in both Chinese and applied materials. The North has been restructured by the Seven Stars and the North's Microelectronics Strategy, bringing together resources and synergies, and successfully integrating akrion in 2018.
Since its inception, applications have acquired a number of Israeli and Italian semiconductor equipment companies, which have grown in size and scope. The cost of R & D has remained at more than 20% of operating income for many years, especially in 2016.
46%. The R & D investment in 2017 was $1,774 million, and the cost of R & D as a percentage of revenue was different: the application material has reached maturity, reaping the global high-market dividend; the North is growing temporarily, benefiting domestic markets. The application material has matured into the world after 40 years of development.
With semiconductor equipment at the forefront, the global share of the city has remained almost at over 20%. Between 2018 and 2020, investments in global integrated circuits were estimated at $65 billion, and applications will stabilize $13 billion in integrated circuits. Equipment collection sizes will fully benefit from global semiconductor market stock dividends.
The start-up is still a long-term process, with very limited yields, but the rapid growth in the domestic semiconductor market and the rapid increase in the rate of self-sufficiency of equipment have brought a double dividend to the North. The start of the domestic semiconductor equipment is late, with the application of standard materials and the search for a way in which domestic production can rise. First, by increasing investment in research and development and improving product performance.
In 2016, 28 manufacturers in the country, with less than a quarter of their investment in R & D by a company that uses the materials, should rely fully on government funding to support continuous improvements in R & D. Second, to leverage the cost advantage and improve the quality of the service. In terms of mature process equipment, domestic equipment manufacturers have a clear cost advantage, with more integrated chambers of commerce in the country.
Substitution of semiconductor equipment at a national rate. In the maintenance, upgrading, upgrading, etc. of equipment, national producers can take full advantage of their local advantages by providing more thoughtful services and increasing customer stickyness.
New Dynamics of the New Age (2018-04-13), taking into account the high-intensity of the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company is located, as the industry's scarce target, maintains 2. North China 2.
North China (002371); “How should the equipment taps rise? - The equipment tap co-research 1.1. Reprogramming and reprofiling in time to open the market space?
The North China Soccer Technology Group Inc. is a Beijing Seven Stars Soft Electronics Ltd. and Beijing North Microelectrics.