The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which integrates akrion and occupies a large market for scrubbers, has 30% of all process steps and is an important guarantee of semiconductor performance.
The art is complex, the 20nm technical node process is about 1,000 steps, and the 7nm technology is more than 1,500 steps. Every chip manufacturing process, the crystal surface is contaminated to a greater or lesser extent, so almost all processes need to be cleaned before or after, and the cleaning process is about 30% of all steps.
As the size of the device shrinks to less than 20 nm, the process complexity increases further, the number of cleaning steps increases significantly, and the importance of the cleaning process increases significantly.
• The North’s CPP covers the entire panconductor industry, and the acquisition of krioon will be like a tiger. The North’s CPP has been widely applied to integrated circuits, semiconductor lighting, advanced encapsulations, mems, and power devices.
In February 2017, a new generation of single-saqua washing machines for the manufacturing of copper interconnection cleaning processes reached the same international pattern of 10,000 production lines. In February 2017, a second order was obtained for the production of B2 chips in the center core. In July of the same year, the saqua single-saqua cleaning machine moved into the north of the centre core to the 28 nanometer production line.
In August 2017, with US$15 million in cash, the U.S. Department of Silicon Purge Equipment was proposed for purchase, and in December, the acquisition was cleared by the U.S. Foreign Investment Commission. This acquisition will allow the U.S. S.I.C. to supplement the product lines, creating a wide range of 8-12 inch batches and single films.
The cleaning of machine product lines has greatly expanded the North China’s system of production and marketing in the field of cleaning machine equipment. • High-end monopoly in the global semiconductor crystal cleaning equipment market, with a combined annual growth rate of 7.7% for 2016-2024, the top three manufacturers of the global semiconductor crystal cleaning equipment market, Lamresearch, Tokyo Electronics.
And dns will account for 87.7% of the market in 2015. With the rapid growth of downstream consumer electronics, tmr expects the global semiconductor crystal cleaning equipment market to grow at a compound annual rate of 7.7% in 2016-2024, with a semiconductor crystal cleaning valuation of $4.02 billion in 2016 and $7.28 billion by the end of 2024.
The Asia-Pacific semiconductor industry has large, government-supported, and will dominate the crystal circle cleaning equipment market in the future.
The semiconductor manufacturing process is extremely complex and generally integrated circuit production takes dozens, if not thousands, of steps.
20 nm technical nodes where the crystal-crystal processing process for integrated circuit products is about 1,000 paces, or more than 1,500 paces at 7 nm. Each chip manufacturing process, the crystal-crystal surface is more or less contaminated with ultra fine particulate pollutants, metal residues, organic residues, etc., and photoresist residues in the photoresistance process are also one of the important contaminants, so almost all processes
Purges are required before or after, amounting to about 30% of all processes. Semiconductors are extremely sensitive to impurities, with one in a million to one in a billion trace impurities, which affect the physical properties of semiconductors, which can be entered into devices for random reasons, thus disrupting the normal performance of semiconductors. Special semiconductors have been created to remove random contamination.
Process-cleaning, which is generally achieved by a combination of chemical and physical forces, with good corrosion selection, selectivity, efficient removal of fine particles and various residues, and no fine graphic structure of the surface of the chip.
Wet corrosion rates, corrosive homogeneity, control of crystal round, cross-contamination of the opposite side, cleaning efficiency, etc. are all essential process elements. Particle is a particle attached to the silicon surface, usually introduced in the process, process equipment, environment, gas, etc.
Both reagents and deion water introduce particles. The size of particles is reduced as the minimal characteristics of the process are reduced, and the normal size of particles is only one tenth of the size of the device. In order to control particles, it is necessary to understand the attachment and removal mechanisms of particles. There are a number of possible scenarios for the attachment of particles: static electricity or van der Fortress: between the particles and the surface.
Chemically, the mechanisms in which particles are removed are soluble, oxidized, minor corrosion removal of silicon surfaces and electrical ostracism of particles and silicon surfaces.Influencing device performance, creating defects in interfaces, introducing faulty layers in subsequent oxidation or extension processes, pn-closing currents,
Reduction of the lifetime of a few carrier fluids. They can be removed by removing the oxidation layer in diluted hf. Machine impurities will prevent the complete cleaning of silicon surfaces, such as natural oxides and metal impurities, which will affect later processes, such as microfilms in subsequent reaction ion etching processes, and residual light gels are organic in the ic process.
The fractional glue has been removed during drying, and the wet approach has led to more thorough removal. In semiconductor device production, about 30% of the process is associated with silicon silica cleaning, while the cleaning requirements and objects of the different processes vary, which requires a variety of cleaning methods and techniques to be used for cleaning purposes.
Purge is the process of removing impurities from the surface of the removed object (dissipation) using chemical reagents and organic solvents and absorbing impurities and oil contamination attached to the surface of the washed object, or accompanied by physical measures such as ultrasound, heating and vacuuming, and then rinsing them with a large amount of high-purity, cold-free ion water in order to obtain clean surfaces.
Chemical cleansing can also be divided into wet chemical cleansing and dry chemical cleansing, in which wet chemical cleansing techniques remain dominant in the cleaning of silicon surfaces. Semiconductor cleaning facilities, though not as highly technologically intensive as light burners, have higher barriers to entry into the industry.
As the semiconductor product process decreases, cleaning equipment will face more and more difficulties. In the whole semiconductor process that is built into a package, crystal-crystal cleansing is a key process that is repeated many times. The number of cleaning steps will increase significantly as the size of the device is reduced to less than 20 nanometers and new materials are introduced. The increasingly complex process of cleaning extends the processing time.
For the next generation, the cleaning process needs to be able to cope with multiple challenges. For example, multiple imaging requires non-break drying and non-destructive particle removal.
Closes. For memory storage units with high vertical and horizontal structures, residues must be completely removed and cannot cause mechanical damage to structures or excessive side wall erosion. In the entire manufacturing process of the advanced crystallized circle level sealing, the wet process handles several major applications, each of which requires a single application.
Wet-cleaning processes must be able to selectively and thoroughly remove residues from multiple surface types and characteristic shapes, including welding, contours, and large vertically and vertically compared to the silicon crystal perforation technique. Wet etching techniques are also used to deflate and depress the crystald circle base, which requires fast reaction, well-controlled processes. Moreover, because of the size of the features, high output and lowness.
1.2 The North China Cleaning Facility covers the entire panconductor area.
The process of washing, cleaning after copper interconnection, and aluminium mat cleaning. The North Chinese enterprise, which provides multiple types of single-swap cleaning equipment and sink cleaning equipment, has been widely applied to integrated circuits, semiconductor lighting, advanced encapsulation, micromechanical power systems, electrical electrons, compounds, and figure 1: The North Chinese start-up equipment covers the entire pan-conductor industry.
The integrated circuit copper process requires very high process standards in particle control, copper corrosion rate, metal pollution control, cross-pollution control, etc. For the purpose of manufacturing the copper interconnection cleaning process in ic, NT-H has autonomously developed a new generation of saqua single-saqua scrubbers, which is another upgrade of 90 nm, 65/55 nm products and new equipment.
Completely meets the production process requirements of the integrated circuit replacement plant, 28 nm. At the same time, the saqua series of single cleaners and various processes, such as purges with puncture/cough corrosion, cushioning, etc., support multitask parallel processing and maximize productivity. The saqua washing machine is based on a completely new modular design concept and has adopted 65 nm, 55 nm, and 65 nm.
Process tests such as 40nm have demonstrated excellent performance in various process indicators to fully meet the requirements of integrated circuit copper process cleaning to the same international level of technology for the same type of product. In December 2016, the sagua series 12 inches of scrubbers completed 520,000 production streamings in middle core, creating
In February of that year, the 12-inch single-copper cleaning machine of the Saqua series in the north was ordered by a customer for a second order to enter the B2 chip production line in the center core international, marking the market approval of another 28 nanometer processor. In July 2017, a single-saqua cleaning machine in the north was officially placed on the central core integrated circuit manufacturing line of 28 nanometers.
A major breakthrough in the field of integrated circuits was achieved by a national production semiconductor equipment, which was designed to achieve an internationally advanced level of integrated circuit cleaning. Figure 2: Integrated circuit cleaning equipment in North China.
Figure 5: The tft-lcd grinder in the north, table 4: The tft-lcd equipment application process and main advantages of the tft-lc-curver in the north, the tft-lcd specialized equipment for wet cleaning in the tft-lcd application industry, the tft-lcd equipment
The core technical areas have developed autonomous innovation capabilities, and at the same time have enabled Naura to develop other wet-cleaning equipment. The equipment is designed to fill domestic gaps, with technology at the same level as international products of the same kind, at the domestic level, and with cost advantages and the advantage of localizing fast-track services.
The liquid crystal panel cleaning at the end of the grinding is mainly to remove impurities such as organic matter, shreds, particles, etc. from the surface of the liquid crystal panel. The panels are typically super thin glass base panels, which, as panel technology progresses, are growing in size and can now reach 3,370 mm x 2940 mm, while the thickness is only 0.4~1.1t, so the process of cleaning the glass base sheet must not only remove surface sundries.
1.3 Purchase akrion, perfect cleaning patterns, cash of US$ million for akrion assets, free of cash and interest-bearing liabilities. Akrion is a semiconductor in the United States.
Silicon-cleaning equipment companies, whose products are used in the manufacture of integrated circuit chips, the manufacture of silicone crystal circle, micromechanical systems and advanced encapsulations, with years of accumulation of cleaning technology and a broad market and customer base, accumulated over a thousand online platforms. After the simulation of the audit, the total assets of the akrion in 2016 amounted to RMB 59,236.3 million and the total liability was RMB.
On December 23, the acquisition was cleared by the United States Foreign Investment Commission, and this Akrion takeover will allow the Uttar Pradesh cleaning product line to be replenished ... to form a 8-12 inch batch and one-simple cleaning covering semiconductor areas such as integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation, power devices, emblem systems and semiconductor lighting.
With financial and technical support from the North, akrion’s research and development capabilities in the United States will be greatly enhanced, and the US, Europe, and Taiwan will be expanded.
The Uttar Pradesh electronics, which combines resources from both sides in the R & D, markets, distribution channels, after-sales services and supply chain, to take full advantage of synergies between the two parties, thus enhancing the cleaning machine operations, figure 7: Akrionystemsllc, USA
Akrionsystems is a process development, design and manufacturing technology leader for semiconductor and other related industries for the surface treatment of silicon chips (including the v3 and Gama series). Akrion has a wide range of product lines, including monocrystal circles and bulk immersion systems and components. Single chip lines include the velocity 6andvelocity 4 system. These tools are widely used at the front end and in the gama series.
Akrion's monochip cleansing technology focuses on providing controlled physical power to reduce defects, thereby increasing the process window for the next generation. The bulk-immersion wet table includes a series of automatic surface treatment systems for the gama series for the nakedness and recovery of semiconductor crystals, photo masks, and mems. Akrion also provides scpe200/9400 and the "steagawp" wet table.
This includes the removal of particles and residues on the side of the crystal round, the back and the edge, and the removal of defects to ensure that there is no physical damage to sensitive structures and no corrosion of the film.
With advanced physical clean-up technologies -- goldfingermegasonics, jetstreamnannaandbacksidemegasonics -- to remove the defects of a single chip. The gamma wet table series has been installed in hundreds of systems around the world, a long-tested product. Modularization,
A flexible platform allows highly customized processes to meet the most demanding standards. The system applies to the front end of the production line and back end process steps and allows for the acceptance of various bottom-line materials.
v3 is a new generation of semi-automatic wet stations designed to meet process capabilities, formulation flexibility, equipment reliability, corporate support, and knowledge backup for successful product installation required by semiconductors and mems. The system is particularly suitable for R & D and Art development, as well as for small bulk production.
Akrionsystems provide a full range of wet treatment solutions to support the needs of solar cell manufacturers using crystal silicon. The gama-solarcellprocessing system has brought together more than 1400 processes developed by akrion over the last 20 years.
2 Global cleaning pattern - the first three manufacturers occupy more than 85% of the market, according to the transparency market study (transparencyMarketresearch, tmr).
Holdings (dns). In 2015, these three companies accounted for 87.7% of the market share. To keep pace with the growing semiconductor industry, and to earn a lot of profits in the future, the global semiconductor crystal cleaning facility lead companies will increasingly invest in research and development, and the market may be very competitive in the coming years.
New entrants remain a problem, and the high cost of the base is a key issue affecting the next generation of production and manufacturing activity. Screenewsings, Shibauraramatechatronicscorporation, and Tokyo Electronics are the three leading firms in China’s global market demand for crystal circle cleaning equipment, while appliedmatics, laresearch, modutek, and
The new product of research and development with stronger attributes and partnerships with regional players is the common strategy of these players to maintain their market position.
dns: The monochip cleaning equipment is its backbone, increasing its global market share by 13 percentage points (the figure was already at the top of the market) and selling bulk cleaning equipment double the ratio. With regard to monochip cleaning equipment, dns has released su-3300, which provides high-productivity technology processing miniaturization.
Figure 9: DNS semiconductor cleaning equipment lamresearch: The cleaning product covers processes such as dry deglution, wet cleaning, plasma tilt cleaning, etc. Dry deglution process: the photorecord must be removed once the specific area of the crystalline surface has been protected from change.
The removal process must be very mild and capable of removing photorespirators and residues without changing the surface material to ensure the integrity of the device function and the correctness of the graphic conversion. As the semiconductor industry moves to super-light, multiple imaging, ultra-low-discrete constant-k and 3d structures, and advanced crystalline layers of encapsulation, the decoupling process requires an effective response to the more complex device structure.
At the body tube level, minor changes in film produced by decoupling processes can affect node resistance, node depth, and mixing, affecting the performance of the device. For connecting the fuse structure, changes in the low-media constant k-value medium may affect the performance of the device. Decoupling can also have a negative impact on materials used in advanced storage applications. These concerns are pushing for advanced technology.
The challenges include removing residues, minimizing oxidative reactions and silicon wear and tear, and reducing the damage of silicon crystals, with high yield and low cost of possession.lam's production-certified gamma series provides flexible crafts, selective and efficient removal of all light etchings from the pre-crystal circle process, and advanced crystallized layers of sealing.
An angle washing removes unwanted particles, residues, and film from the edges of the crystal circle between manufacturing steps. If not, these materials may be removed and repositioned on the crystald surface in subsequent processes. Even individual particles that fall on the key components of the equipment can damage the entire chip. By inserting the tilt cleaning process at the key point, these potential defects can be removed and produced.
By combining the precision control and flexibility of plasma with the protection techniques of the device area, the lamcoronus diagonal clean-up family can clean the edges of the crystal circle to increase the chip production rate. The wet crystal cleaning is used between chip processing steps to remove the residue and defects of the constraint rate.
The shrinking, increasingly complex structure and new materials present the challenge of removing additional deficiencies and also contribute to the need for crystal circle cleanliness. There are unexpectedly complex requirements for advanced crystal layers of sealing, wet cleaning processes between encapsulation and external cabling. These processes require the complete removal of specific materials around hundreds of fragile structures and must not affect them.
Other materials. The lamsp series of products has a wide range of process performances that can provide low-cost, production-certified wet-cleaning/wet etching solutions for challenging wlp applications. The growth in consumer electronic demand for smart phones, laptops, tablets, and other portable electronic devices leads to singles.
The demand for chip processing and the growth of the semiconductor industry as a whole have increased the growth of transistor cleaning equipment. Moreover, as research in this area has continued over the past few years, understanding of defects and surface pollution in the semiconductor industry has changed in many ways.
This advance in semiconductor technology is expected to boost the global market for crystal cleaning equipment during the forecast period. tmr expects the global semiconductor crystal cleaning equipment market to grow by 7.7 per cent annually in 2016-2024, and the 2016 semiconductor crystal cleaning is valued at $4.02 billion and will reach $7.28 billion by the end of 2024.
At the regional level, the global market for semiconductor crystal circle cleaning equipment is likely to be dominated by the Asia-Pacific region during the forecast period, where market growth can be attributed to the growth in demand for consumer electronics. Given China’s low labour costs and the large third semiconductor shift in the consumer market, China will be the main battleground in the Asia-Pacific region.
There has been considerable investment and policy support for the autonomous supply of core equipment, and the rate of autonomy is now increasing. In the North, China has created a national cleaning machine, which has acquired akrion, and the market competitiveness of the cleaning machine has improved considerably.
Figure 14: Market gains from crystal circle cleaning equipment in various regions of the world in 2015 (US$ billion)
(a) The technology gap is narrowing, with the Māori rate of company semiconductor equipment operations remaining at 40 per cent over the next three years;
Assumption 3: company monocrystals are technologically innovative and gradually entering the international market; corporate vacuum equipment operations are growing high over the next three years, with Māori levels remaining at 20 per cent; Assumption 4: As a result of global entry into the panconductor hyperbole cycle, the build-up of semiconductors has accelerated national production in the North.
Assumption 5: the company intends to acquire the American akrion company, pre-positioned 18-inch crystal round, is expected to release production capacity in 2018, with sufficient sub-stream orders from the central core international, Kyoto East, and so on, and semiconductor equipment will be raised significantly in 2018.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2017-2019 as follows:
Price premium levels. We selected companies associated with the company's semiconductor industry as a reference for the valuation, namely, South Great Photovoltaics, Hasegawa Technology, Precision Electronics, Jiang Ton Electronics, which is expected to be 0.67 in 2018, considering that the company will continue to benefit from policy support and technology promotion over the next three years, and that the company's performance as a catalyst for upstream core targets will therefore be determined.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.