North China: Stay close to the cutting edge of critical technology and watch the company's home-grown equipment.
In 2017, the company achieved business income of 2,222 million yuan, an increase of 37 per cent over the previous year. The company achieved a net profit of 126 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, realized a recovery, increased net profits and reduced cost rates.
In 2017, driven by favourable market factors for the development of electronic process equipment and components, corporate income continued to grow. The net return, deduction, and non-repatriation profits continued to grow and the non-recurrent gains and losses declined. The rates of management costs, financial costs, and sales costs declined.
Corporate semiconductor equipment, electronic components, vacuum equipment, lithium power equipment, and other operations, respectively, generated operating income of 11.34, 7.63, 2.0, 1.0, 225 million yuan, an increase of 39 per cent, 25 per cent, industry, finance, policy, technology resonance, and the rise of company-owned equipment.
The continued global semiconductor energy transfer to mainland China provides a huge growth space for the semiconductor equipment market. In promoting technological development and market expansion for new products, such as 14nm process equipment, companies have achieved industrial applications for technological substitutes of 28 nm and above; layouts of 10 nm, 7 nm frontier.
Key technology development and maintenance of cutting-edge technology development: launching of the integrated circuit equipment offshore research and development centre, the successful acquisition of the akrion company and the establishment of the offshore research and development centre in Silicon Valley will attract all-global integrated circuit equipment industry excellence. The company will invest in building and improving its client services.
The acquisition of the akrion company is used for cleaning machines as an entry product, leading to the opening of international markets for other semiconductor equipment products.
Industrial policies, active exploration of diversified business expansion models, and promotion of corporate scalability and business expansion Companies, as domestic semiconductor equipment leaders, are strongly supported by domestic policies and financial resources, creating a core technology platform for autonomous ownership.
National production replaced the expected risks; R & D was not proceeding as fast as expected; market competition was increasing; and IPR litigation was taking place. North China launched its annual 2017 report. In 2017, companies achieved business income of $2,222 million, an increase of 37 per cent.
The company realizes a net profit of 126 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company and a net profit of 20.8 million yuan not attributable to the parent, an increase of 35 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively.
In 2017, North China achieved business income of 2,222 million yuan, an increase of 37 per cent in the same year, largely benefiting from electronics, and from 2016 q1, the company ' s operating income increased by the same amount in every quarter. The growth in operating income of 17 q4 fell somewhat.
In 2017, the company achieved a non-parent net profit of $208 million, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period. Non-recurring gains and losses were also reduced. In 2017, the company maintained an increase in the quarterly non-repatriated net profit, with non-recurring gains and gains.
In 2017, there was a significant decrease in the cost of running the company. There was a decline in the cost of running the business, the financial cost, and the cost of selling. The administrative cost rate fell from 56 per cent in 2016 to 36 per cent in 2017. The management cost fell by 12 per cent from the same year, mainly for research and development.
Increase in fees, transportation fees and sales services. From the quarter to the quarter, the company-time cost rate of 2016 q3 reached a high of 78 per cent, and from then on, there was a gradual decline in corporate semiconductor equipment, electronic components, vacuum equipment, lithium power equipment, and other operations, respectively, in 2017.
Revenues of $11.34, 7.63, 2.0, 1.0, 225 million increased by 39 per cent, 25 per cent, 127 per cent, 5 per cent, and 41 per cent, respectively, in 2017, in connection with company semiconductor equipment operations, a number of 12 inches of key integrated circuit equipment, including etch, pvd, single-discharge equipment, stand-up stoves, cleaning machines, etc., were achieved in the lead industry and lead-in storage companies in the country.
In vacuum equipment operations, companies' single-crystal orders are growing rapidly, introducing technology for the expansion of the rare earth crystals of iron ore. In the case of new energy lithium equipment, companies provide customers with custom-made services that integrate lithium equipment and process solutions, as well as production plant regulations.
Value-added services such as drawing, power configuration, line installation calibration, personnel skills training, process testing, etc.
Long spots; the combination of the petromems series of inertial products has achieved a national leadership and a breakthrough in the high-end private goods market, such as geo-mapping, drones. The company’s power in cleaning equipment has been enhanced through the acquisition of akrion.
Semi expects global semiconductor manufacturing equipment sales to reach $60.1 billion in 2018, or 7.5% of the year. In 2017, China’s semiconductor equipment sales stood at $7,590 million, making it the third largest global semiconductor since Korea and Taiwan.
The company promotes technological development and market expansion for new products, such as 14nm process equipment, while industrializing applications of 28nm and above: deployment of 10nm, 7nm front-line critical technology R & D and maintenance of front-line technology
Development: Initiate the establishment of an integrated circuit equipment overseas research and development centre, the successful acquisition of akrion and the establishment of an offshore research and development centre in Silicon Valley, which will attract the best technologists in the global integrated circuit equipment industry. The company will focus on building and improving a large customer service system and establishing integrated technology support in areas where the domestic integrated circuit industry gathers.
The internationalization of other semiconductor equipment products is facilitated by the acquisition of the akrion company, which uses machine-cleaning as an entry product. Taking advantage of financing sources such as large funds, local industry funds, and relevant national and local industrial policies, a diversified business expansion model is being explored to facilitate the expansion of the company’s scale-up and expansion of its operations.
Companies, as domestic semiconductor equipment champions, have been strongly supported by domestic policies and finance, creating a core technology platform for ownership. Keep in mind the rise of domestically produced equipment in the process of industrial transfer.
For the first time, the rating was given as “enhancement.” National production replaced the expected risk; R & D did not progress as expected; market competition increased; and knowledge, Wang Fenghua: Master of Arts, People’s University of China, currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.