For the first time, cutting equipment leads, new technology breaks through, deep-drawn technology breaks through.
The company’s main product is corrosion, film deposition equipment, which is an important market for semiconductor equipment (wfe mocvd, icp etching, lpcvd, etc.). Of this, the company’s ccp is the highest/minimum (mega) in almost 12 months.
Erosion products enter 2d and 3d storage lines, 270+ reaction stations enter 5nm and below production lines; icp etching dual machine products enter production lines, leading to a significant increase in the company ' s market share; deep silicon etching products become mainstream equipment in the country ' s Tsv/mems; lpcvd
For the new product, the 3d memory has been validated and the harvest has begun, and, with the support of the national production drive, the continental crystal circle has expanded rapidly, and according to the Semi data, in 2000 the United States and Japan dominated half of the global semiconductor production capacity.
In 2010, semiconductor capacity began to shift to Asia, and the combined capacity of South Korea and Taiwan of China reached 35% of global capacity.
In 2020, as China’s continental production line was built, it will account for 25 per cent of China’s 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity, rising to 12-inch-crystal-crystal production worldwide.
• As the process nodes progress, the transistor structure becomes more complex and the importance of etching becomes more acute, with further reduction in the width of the chips in manufacturing and the widespread use of advanced processes, demanding greater precision and control of sediment and etching techniques.
As layer numbers rise, etching requires super-high-deep-wide control, driving the demand for corrosion equipment to increase significantly, icp and ccp devices become the core of 3dnand-manufactured tools with precision deep-hole processing capabilities. As layer numbers continue to rise, etching technology will continue to play a key role in high-storage density manufacturing.
• With sustained high R & D inputs, companies continue to make breakthroughs in their products, companies keep high R & D inputs from year to year, and R & D costs are stable at more than 10%. Compared to overseas R & D applications, pan forest semiconductors, companies have been charging higher R & D rates since 2020.
Overseas. The company continues to break through performance and product efficiency, widening the product line, and has in recent years introduced dual-reaction platform etching, ipcvd, etc.. In May 2024, the company released preformauniflex hw and aw devices, focusing on metallic tungsten sediments at a higher depth than with an autonomous growth gradient.
Process and thermal systems are optimized to achieve precision filling of complex structures and production efficiency. Expansion is less than expected, R & D is less advanced than expected, industry competition is increasing, trade friction is increasing. Rapidly growing semiconductor equipment leads the way.
The company was established in 2004 and is based at the Zhang Gang High Technology Park in Shanghai, and is a leading industry firm focused on the development and manufacture of high-end semiconductor equipment.
In December 2018, China and Asia funded the establishment of a foreign sole proprietorship. In December 2018, China and China changed to a limited whole to a stock company. In July 2019, the company successfully landed as one of the first companies to be listed. Since its inception, the first ccp etching equipment, 7 nanomedia etching equipment and a variety of mocvd devices have been published.
In recent years, the company has further developed products such as 12 inches of low-pressure chemical phase deposition (lpcvd) equipment and metal tungsten deposition equipment, and has been consolidating its global semiconductor equipment.
The second-largest shareholder of the company is a big fund, with 13% of the company's shares. In addition, the second-phase fund holds 3.9% of the company's shares. The company has no real control. The management team has a prominent overseas background and experience covering equipment and downstream fab plants.
High levels of education, both internal and external, and leading global semiconductor equipment manufacturers such as pan forest semiconductors, applied materials, and downstream crystalry mills such as Intel, Central Harbour International, Globalfuundries, among others, have held important positions. There is a deep accumulation of technology in areas such as corrosion equipment, film sedimentation equipment, and many years of research and development, product tubes, etc.
In 2003-2018, he was Director General of Technology in Singapore’s Globalfoundries Research and Development Department; in 2018 to date, he was Director-General of China Micro Corporation’s Carving and Extended Products Department; and he is currently Director-General and Deputy Managing Director of China Micro Corporation.
Deputy General Manager, lpcvd Products, Master of Arts, Shanghai University of Transport. 1997-2002, factory mechanic, Wuhan Polytechnic School; 2005 General Manager, Public Platform Worker, Ministry; Director, China and Micro Corporation, Deputy General Manager, Ipcvd Products Department and General Manager, Public Platform Engineering Department.
Chief Executive Officer, Cheng Ministry, year after year, as Chief Engineer, Singapore Chartered Semiconductor Erosion. Joined China Micro Corporation in 2008, and is currently Vice-President, China Micro Corporation, General Manager, Liu Zhiqiangccp Carving Department
B.A., Taiwan Institute of Industrial Technology. Senior Client Services Manager, Panlin Semiconductor, 2000-2018; General Manager, Chan Linicp Products Department, 2018
Micro Corporation; currently General Manager of the icp Products Department of China Micro Corporation; Bachelor ' s degree, Master ' s degree, Nanjing University.
Technical Director, Applied Materials (China) Ltd., 2021-present, Vice-President, Mocvd Products Department, China Micro Corporation, Shanghai Transport University, Bachelor of Arts, Master of Arts, 2005 Joined China Micro Corporation; currently, Mocvd Products Department, China Micro Corporation
1.2 The advantages of corrosion & thin film sedimentation are evident. The company's main product is corrosion and thin film sedimentation equipment, which represents an important market for semiconductor equipment (total 40 per cent +), as compared to 22 per cent and 21 per cent of total capital expenditure for semiconductor equipment (wfe), respectively.
The company also owns voc products (gas purification equipment). In 2023, the company ' s corrosion and film deposition equipment together generated about 5.2 billion yuan, or 82 per cent of the total revenue. According to the company ' s 2024 performance report, the company earned about 9.1 billion yuan in 2024, including corrosion equipment.
The sale was about $7.3 billion, an increase of about 55 per cent over the same period; the sale of mocvd equipment was about $380 million, a decrease of about 18 per cent over the same year, and the first sale of ipcvd equipment was made in 2024, and the sale of equipment was about $160 million throughout the year.
In 2023, the company earned about $4.7 billion, an increase of 49%. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company earned about $4.4 billion, an increase of 54%.
The company ' s ccp product has entered the 2d and 3d storage lines, mainly the primud-rie and primosd-rie products. The ccp product is produced online on 2800+reaction stations, of which 270+ are entering 5nm and below.
-icp etching equipment: The icp etching device focuses on complex devices and multiple storage materials in integrated circuit manufacturing and applies to the demands of the higher depth-wide process. The company’s main product, Primonanova, Primotwin-Star, has performed well in the market, the two sets have entered the production line, and 500+ reaction stations have been produced online.
- Deep silicon etching equipment: Deep silicon etching equipment has been widely used in cmos image sensors, mems chips, 2.5d chips and 3d chips to support precision etching of the depth-wide ratio and groove structure. The primary product is primotsv200e/300e. The company deep silicon etching equipment has successfully entered the European mems production line and is in the country.
Intratsv/mems market dominates. The film deposition accounts for 21% of wfe market, and the company's membrane sediment products cover the three main categories of mocvd, lpcvd and ald. In 2023, the company mocvd achieved revenues of about $500 million, a 34% decline in the same year, the main one.
If the end market has been on a downward trend for almost two years, but the company has maintained an absolute lead in the industrialization of the blue green light led production line and the mini-led. -Mocvd device: mocvd device focused on blue green light and ultraviolet led extension and powerware.
The company ' s mocvd equipment dominates the domestic and international markets of nitrogenated caled, and its primary product is prismoa7/Hit3/pd5/unimax, which is widely used in advanced display and deep ultraviolet chip manufacture, and has become the line-upcvd equipment: lpcvd equipment for advanced logical devices, dram and 3dnand.
The company has completed multiple logic and storage customer certification of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and obtained customer orders to lay the groundwork for further accumulation of market advantage.
Quarterly, the company ' s rpcvd achieved its first sale with revenues of $28 million; new orders of $300 million and new products started to start -ald devices: ald devices were used for sedimentation of key layers associated with storage devices, were able to achieve atomic-class thickness control and meet the need for super-high accuracy, and the company developed ald nitrogen-ditide titanium for high end storage and logical devices
1.3 Substituted by beneficiary countries, companies move into high-speed, long-term national production replacements that drive the continued high growth of MSMEs’ revenues. As the United States sanctions against China have increased, the process of localizing and automating China’s technological and industrial chains has accelerated significantly.
In 2019-2023, corporate compound revenues increased by 34 per cent. In 2023, corporate revenues reached $6.3 billion, a record high. Corporate contract liabilities have risen significantly since last year, from $800 million at the end of 23 years to $3 billion at $24q3, confirming the strong momentum for continued growth of orders.
High end & cost of products is falling, contributing to higher profitability. Companies are constantly undertaking new research and development, research and development fees, continuing high-level research and development support companies are improving their product capacity, and high-end products such as 12 inches of depth versus tungsten sedimentation equipment have been introduced in recent years, with a higher proportion of products added to corrosion, and the company ' s Māori ratio has risen to 40% + level.
In addition, as the company’s marketing system improved, the city’s share rose, and the company’s sales cost fell from 20% + to 8% today in 2016, as did the management rate. As product technology continued to become high-end and cost management optimized, the company’s profitability continued to grow, with the net profit return rising rapidly.
Chart 8 shows a rapid decline in corporate management costs, chart 7 shows a steady increase in corporate profitability, chart 9 maintains high R & D inputs.
The equipment will continue to benefit from the rise in semi-carrier capital expenditure, driven by the nationalization of the 2-crystal manufacturing industry.
2.12026 In China, 12 inches of crystal-crystal capacity will leapfrog to the world’s first-country production drive, and continental crystal-crystal spending will rise. Semi anticipates that, with government funding and other incentives, China’s indigenous crystal-crystal plant is expected to start operating 18 projects in 2024, with the same capacity in 2024.
China’s Taiwan region is expected to grow at the second highest rate of 5.8 million units in 2025, at a rate of 4%, and between 7% and 5.4 million units. Japan, the Americas, Europe, and the Middle East, and South-East Asia are expected to grow semiconductor capacity, respectively.
In 2026, China’s 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity will reach 25% of the world’s top position. According to Semi, the United States and Japan dominated half of the world’s semiconductor capacity in 2000.
By 2010, semiconductor capacity had begun to shift to Asia, and the combined capacity of South Korea and Taiwan had reached 35% of global capacity, while that of China had reached 9%. In 2020, with the construction of China’s continental production line and the expansion of its original production line, the capacity of China’s mainland increased.
Looking forward to 2026, China’s continental 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity will account for 25%, leaping to global 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity, driven mainly by domestic production and mature node investments. The market share of South Korea and Taiwan Bay declined slightly from 25% and 22% to 23% and 21%, respectively.
2.2 China continues to be the largest market for semiconductor equipment in the world, with China accounting for more than a third of the $95 billion in the global semiconductor front-stage equipment market. China is the largest consumer market for semiconductors, or the core of global electronics manufacturing.
The value of the market for equipment in the pre-global integrated circuits was $95 billion, an increase of 0.9 per cent over last year’s, and mainland China continued to be the world’s largest market for equipment in the pre-integrated circuits, accounting for 35 per cent of the global market, or $33 billion. China’s Taiwan and South Korea subsequently accounted for 19 per cent of the market share, amounting to $17.9 billion and $18.3 billion, respectively.
The Americas are ranked fourth in terms of 12%, with $11.1 billion. Japan and Europe account for 7% and 6%, respectively, while their high-end products from high R & D investment support companies are progressing through the 3.1 process point, and the importance of carving is becoming more acute.
As the process nodes progress, the transistor structure becomes more complex, and the importance of etching becomes more acute. As the chipworks further narrow the middle-line width and advanced processes (e.g. multiple template processes) are widely used, the accuracy and control of sediment and etching techniques are more demanding. In this context, sedimentation and etching processes are required.
For example, in order to avoid possible plasma damage and particle contamination in complex nanoscale construction, equipment technology needs to be constantly updated.
In the 10 nanometer multiple template process, the size of the structure is gradually reduced by a combination of sedimentation and etching, from the initial 20nm and 40nm width core and border walls to the final 10nm wall thickness. As the 3dnand layer becomes high, etching requires super-high width control.
To achieve mass production, 200 layers of flashage and above enter bulk production. 3dnand manufactures deep holes or grooves that move from narrow-wire width to 60:1 or more deep width corrosion. Increased layer numbers require a higher degree of corrosion technology that ensures heterogeneity, homogeneity and material selection under conditions of ultra-high width, while effectively controlling particle contamination.
This promotes a significant increase in demand for corrosion equipment, icp and ccp equipment being the core tool for 3dnand manufacturing with precision deep-hole processing. As layers continue to rise, etching technology will continue to play a key role in high storage density manufacturing.
Figure 153dnand requires a higher depth than 3.2 to benefit from continued high R & D inputs, with companies maintaining high R & D inputs for years in recent years, at a higher R & D rate than overseas equipment.
Since then, 100 million yuan has increased to 800 million yuan in 2023, and R&D costs have stabilized at more than 10%. Compared to offshore equipment applications, pan forest semiconductors, companies have been charging higher R&D rates than overseas since 2020.
With continued high R & D investment, companies have been making breakthroughs. Companies have been breaking through performance and product efficiency, widening product lines, and in recent years have introduced dual-reaction platform etching, ipcvd, and so on. In July 2020, the Department launched the Prismohit 3TMmocvd equipment for deep UV-red, with up to 1400 degrees counterproductive.
In response to cavity temperature, high process homogeneity and low defect rates, it can grow at the same time 18 pieces of 2 inches or extend to 4 inches of chip.In June 2021, the company launched the Prismounimaxmocvd device, designed specifically for high performance miniiled mass production, which supports up to four reaction cavities, with innovative temperature compensation systems and high capacity, with 164 additional pieces.
4 inches or 72 pieces of 6 inches of chip. In March 2021, the company released the Primottwin-staricp etching device, using a two-reactive desktop cavity design, which applied to the conductor and medium membrane carving of the device, with high output and low-cost full capacity of the logic chip, storage chip and power device. In May 2023, the company launched the preforma.
Uniflexcw 12 inches of lpcvd equipment with high output efficiency and flexible configuration of up to 10 response stations to achieve efficient production at lower cost. In May 2024, the company released preformauniflexhw and aw equipment focusing on metal tungsten deposition at a high width, the use of an autonomous growth gradient containment process and the optimization of heat field systems.
Accurate filling of complex structures and production efficiency are being achieved. Chart 18 has been making product breakthroughs in recent years, with output expansion falling short of expectations, R & D falling short of expectations, industrial competition increasing and trade friction increasing.
Li Mei-hyun, a Master's degree from the Chinese People's University, joined Hua An in January 2024. He worked in East Hing Securities, with four years of research experience in the electronics and communications industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.