Adherence to high-quality development and sustained growth in performance - G.S.A.A. (002236.sz) Quick Performance Report 2020. The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, and the growth in operating income has improved significantly in the second half of the year.
In 2020, the company achieved a gross operating income of 26,467 million yuan, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the previous year. As the domestic epidemic was gradually brought under effective control, the company operated well and the rate of revenue growth improved seasonally.
(a) Domestically, affected by the epidemic, some government tenders and large projects have been delayed, while MSMEs have been more affected by macroeconomic fluctuations; and (b) overseas, the second quarter has seen an increase in overseas epidemics, with companies operating in overseas areas being affected to varying degrees.
Over the past six months, as the domestic epidemic has been brought under effective control, there has been a resurgence of demand at the end of g and end of b. Fine management has led to high-quality development and sustained growth in corporate performance.
In 2020, the company achieved a net return profit of $4.01 billion, a 25.51 per cent increase over the previous year.
This is due to the fact that the company transferred 100% of the stock of the fully-owned subsidiary, HSM, which is about 962 million yuan to the net profit of the parent. The exchange loss in 2020 was 358 million yuan, as a result of the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar.
At the same time, credit impairment and asset impairment losses have increased by $175 million over the same period.
The company's strategy of deepening and landing in the “hoc city heart” has been to launch a video-based network system that is at the core of the army, and is oriented towards innovative applications in the industry, helping clients to make a digital transition.
In projects where solutions can be found, the back end ratio is increasing and the value of the software is becoming clearer: 1) Client understanding of the industry is deepening, and solutions are no longer solid products; 2) Software facilitates the landing of the overall programme and completes the programme ' s closed doors; and 3) software upgrades bring new value to the service on a continuous basis.
The business-level digital transformation needs are expected to open up new opportunities for companies to grow.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: Videolinks have not changed as expected: overseas markets have not expanded as expected: innovation, business has not developed as expected, market competition has increased, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.