The year-round return to positive growth, with a fair revaluation of the value of 1.21 per cent over the same year. The year 2020q4 achieved business income of $1030.1 million, a 6 per cent increase over the same year. The year 2020 saw a return to net profit of $4.01 billion, a year-on-year increase.
At the income end, the company achieved business income of $10.301 billion, an increase of 6 per cent over the previous three quarters, a marked increase in revenue by -1.39 per cent over the previous three quarters, a positive increase in income throughout the year, and the industry as a whole.
At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of $4.01 billion, which is higher than the price of the company compared to the depth of $300 million, plus $358 million in exchange losses and $705 million in asset impairment losses.
Millions of dollars, 11.43% more than in the same year, profit growth goes beyond income growth and business quality continues to improve. Impairment rates are generally manageable, and receivables are expected to continue to be optimized, similar to the scale we previously measured.
It is expected that the quality of the accounts receivable and the return will continue to be optimized, so that the amount of the impairment will decline year by year, and the impact on the company’s profits will be phased out. The software platform will accelerate construction, and the ability of the site to revalue the alumni.
Business is good, and the layout of the Dahua software platform is significantly underestimated. We already have the full capacity of the ai, creating a full chain of "end-side-coastal" connections, building on four basic research institutes, and creating a two-tier "headquarters-provincial" R & D system.
The vertical completion of the business closure, which now has 500+ viewers api, has led to a 200% increase in the efficiency of the new business line and a 180% increase in the efficiency of the integration of third-party components.
It's not reflected in the valuation.
The ability to be a leader is significantly undervalued. We believe that security is the main setting, with 54% in the Ai enabling industry, and that the market is expected to reach 2.
By $7,118 million, the combined rate of growth in five years is 78%. As a leader in the field of security, it is clear that the dividends will be realized and that one will be expected to achieve Davis double impact.
The ability to land is undervalued. The company is now expanding horizontally from ai+security to ai+security, and it is more likely to move into a broader area of ai+ industry empowerment. The business extension brought about by landscape capacity is not fully reflected in the valuation and is significantly underestimated.
At this point, we believe that the company’s valuation does not reflect the ability of the company to serve as a software platform for the ai video company, and the ability of the site to revalue its future value. It is expected that it will be operational in 2020/21/22.
1) There is a proliferation of domestic and foreign epidemics, business activity is limited, and demand for orders falls short of expectations; 2) Central American trade frictions persist and supply chain stability and continuity have an impact on the supply chain.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, seven years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.