On 27 March, the company issued a series of circulars to introduce China Mobile News Limited as a strategic investor in the form of targeted additions to shares, with specific investment subjects moving capital among SCM subsidiaries.
In addition, the company has signed a Strategic Co-operation Agreement with China, China, and China, to achieve shared resources and complementary advantages.
If implemented successfully, China's share in mobile holdings is expected to reach 9.43 per cent, becoming the first company to introduce China's mobile as a strategic investor, with the prospect of a multi-dimensional synergy of resources.
The company has introduced China's mobile as a strategic investor, and we believe that both sides are expected to achieve complementarities, strategic synergies in multiple dimensions, such as market opening, joint development of solutions, technological innovation, industrial cooperation, etc., and to deepen their transformation strategies from helping the corporate one.
1) Market opening: MCM has over 10 million government clients, its own and cooperative channels, over 300,000, industry, agriculture, education, government, medical, transport, financial, etc., with over $26 billion in revenue, has a strong advantage in brands, channels, customers and products.
China’s downsides, business opportunities sharing, and solutions integration provide strategic support. In particular, companies are now moving from camera hardware to one-sector solution providers, and moving in this direction is expected to help the public sector expand.
2) Joint R & D of products and solutions: Mid-Movement promising business scenes around smart cities, smart societies, smart families, industry digital transformations, intelligent video networking, cloud computing, big data, video technology, industry applications, multi-dimensional sensing systems, industry-to-end solutions,
R & D by the 5g Network and the intelligent society, among others. 3) Technological innovation cooperation: Medium-Moved 5g+aicde strategy and cloudnet technology are expected to work together with China on technical capabilities such as visual frequency platform capabilities, 5g+ margin computing industry video capabilities, chips, etc.
“Waaan Securities_Study_Computer Industry_Building. China Mobile Artificial Intelligent Technology Platform (Nine Day Platform) will be working with Dahua on artificial intelligence algorithms, depth reporting _ Dahua shares: a storm storm hit us.
The core competitiveness of the Dahuai is enhanced by the convergence of capabilities in basic artificial intelligence algorithm research at the frontier. Here, the video conglomerate is revalued. 4) Industrial cooperation: the two sides are expected to tap into the benefits in the field of advanced technology and intelligent manufacturing.
“Waaan Securities _ Industry Depth _ Computer Industry _ Industry Investment Opportunities, Exploring Various Forms of Capital Cooperation, Deepening Up/downstream Integration in the Industrial Chain, Working Together to Make Race Clear, Realizing Dividends, I'm hopeful that I'll be able to do it.
With the successful implementation of this targeted increase, it is expected that US$ 5.6 billion will be the second largest share of the stock in China.
We believe that the cooperation between the two sides is unprecedented.
Technology gives the industry access, and one needs to have enough industry to know-how. For many years, in the field of moving deep-farming enterprises, China’s strategic collaboration with it is expected to lead to deeper business interpretation and a smooth transition.
• Raised $5.6 billion for core technology and solutions research and development, and strengthened the ability of the ai to land, and this time, the company, through the targeted introduction of medium-movement strategic investors, is expected to raise $5.6 billion in funds for the development and industrialization of the joint venture solution, the Hangzhou Smart Manufacturing Base II project, the Xian and South-West research and development.
We believe that these incremental projects are divided into three main areas: and the Southwest Research and Development Centre, of which the Xian Research and Development Centre is mainly dedicated to the development of artificial intelligence algorithms in the industry and to pre-basic artificial intelligence algorithms. The Southwest Research and Development Centre is mainly concerned with 5g, object networking, and multi-dimensional perception.
We believe that core technology is the main barrier to competition among technology firms, and that this investment in research and development of bottom core technologies, such as artificial intelligence, 5g and the Internet of goods, is expected to lead the way in technology.
2) Improving the ability of the ai landscape: The company is going to raise 930 million dollars to invest in the development and industrialization of the IUPAC solution. We believe that the essence of the IUPAC solution is the ability of the ai to create a site.
To create a platform for applications for industries to meet the needs of industry to land. 3) Increasing productivity and reducing production costs: the company is going to raise $776 million for the construction of stage II of the Hangzhou Smart Manufacturing Base, which we believe is expected to be built through the introduction of automated assembly.
As a solution provider, product precision production helps to reduce efficiency gains, thereby helping companies to further improve the quality of their operations and improve the efficiency of supply chains in terms of their control and management.
• Software platforms are being built faster, and the ability of the scenes to revalue the alumni is being re-evaluated, and the company is currently committed to becoming a provider and service provider of the Wisdom Solution with video at its core, based mainly on the architecture of "One System, Two Platforms", where "One System" is oriented towards digital transformation.
The key to building a unified software platform architecture for decoupling is the integrated technology support system. And the two platforms are mainly for city-level and enterprise-level components, modular applications, and we think that the key is for industry-specific landscape capabilities.
The company has made significant progress in building the platform and setting the site. 1) Software platform: the company relies on five institutes to build on viewing and data intelligence engines on a continuous basis. Arithmetic schemes in several industries, more than 100 scenario algorithms; and more than 1,500 sediment data standards.
With regard to the re-use of the platform ' s modules, the company has deposited nearly a thousand industry small-scale modules and has opened hundreds of advanced api protocols to provincial and district development centres and partners, making it possible for industry-oriented products to be assembled and developed quickly.
In terms of open access to the platform, companies completed a full upgrade of their self-researched AI in 2020 to open up the platform’s “gentlemen” and open up their arithmetic capabilities. In addition, the company’s software platform allows for open access at many levels, such as business models and landscape solutions.
2) Sites: The company is now in a business solution in the fields of smart public security, intelligent transportation, intelligent parks, intelligent energy, intelligent farming, intelligent water, smart finance, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, helping enterprises to upgrade their management, improve their productive capacity, and optimize their safety systems.
It is not limited to the analytical application of camera visual data, but rather to the integration of visual, temperature, smoke, etc. sensor devices to achieve multi-dimensional data analysis and enable business to achieve ai empowerment.
By 2020, the company achieved a rapid growth of its b-business, sustained growth of its innovative business, and a significant upturn in its cash flow, with an overall positive development. The move-in strategy this time is expected to accelerate the downside of the company’s ai scene.
Future values are expected to be re-evaluated with capacity and location. Companies are expected to achieve 1) internal and external epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders; 2) Central American trade frictions persist and supply chain stability and continuity have an impact.
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience in Ni, Keysight, 5g, Smart Network Motors. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.