Introduction of China’s mobile, synergistic effects Introduction of a series of announcements such as a bulletin on strategic investors and the signing of strategic cooperation agreements with conditions for entry into force.
3) Xian Research and Development Centre construction project (1.17 billion yuan/890 million yuan); 4) new South-West Research and Development Centre (SWRDC)
R & D and D application software development. 2) Hangzhou Smart Manufacturing Base Phase II project: 30 million new production capacity, further increasing the self-production rate of company video surveillance products. 3) Xian Research and Development Centre project: development of industrial artificial intelligence algorithms and cutting-edge basic artificial intelligence algorithms. 4)
New South R & D Centre project: 5g, research and development and storage of technology related to physical networking and multi-dimensional perception. 5) Replenishing liquidity. We believe that this non-public release is in line with the company ' s development strategy of increasing cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, 5g, and critical technology and industry applications such as networking.
R & D inputs, and accelerated application of their scale integration, will help in the digital transformation of industries. In 2020, the U.S. Dollar Securities Corporation introduced China ' s mobile companies and their subsidiaries as strategic investors, with synergies in various fields.
According to the announcement, the company has now introduced capital transfers from China Mobile Telecommunications Group Limited and its subsidiaries as strategic investors through a non-public release, which, when completed, will hold the company contract.
In the year 2020, 9.44% of China’s shares became the second largest shareholder. At the same time, China moved (A) and China moved capital (B) with a fast-track rating of performance: sustaining high-quality development and sustained growth in performance.
(c) Strategic cooperation agreements with companies (C) with entry-into-force conditions. 1) Product-based linkages: brand, channel, product-input, solution capacity, professional channel resources, etc., jointly promote product extension. 2) Product-based and solution-based joint research and development: C production improvement.
(c) Technology innovation cooperation: building on the combined scientific capabilities of the A and C parties in the field of intelligent video association.
Industry capacity, synergy and complementarities. 4) Industrial cooperation: based on the strong capital power of A, to jointly tap into high-quality industrial investment opportunities in advanced technology and intelligent manufacturing, and to deepen the integration of industrial chains up and down.
In the last three years, the net profit of the mother was 19.47 per cent and the quality of the business improved significantly, sustaining the recurrent incidence of the new public crown pneumonia; the progress in working with China ' s mobile strategy was less than expected; and the digital transformation of enterprises was needed.
Unexpected release; unexploitated growth of overseas markets; under-developed innovation; market competition: p-band author of the Chinese Stock Association ' s securities advisory qualification or considerable professional competence in the last three years, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.