\triangleright
The overall recovery from the epidemic has been suspended, and the tob business has been growing rapidly. With the adverse effects of the spread of the global epidemic, companies have been able to achieve steady growth in overall business performance by adhering to the concept of fine management and high-quality development.
In terms of the collection structure, traditional operations have remained largely stable, and innovative operations have grown rapidly and continuously. They are fully upgraded and sequenced in terms of perception, intelligence, computing, etc.
The product layout provides a strong support for the rapid landing of the CVD solution; (2) the solution generates $12,800 million (+0.09%). The company is deeply nuanced and operates in the direction of intelligent manufacturing, intelligent petrochemicals, intelligent agriculture, intelligent education, etc.
New market spaces have been created to break out of traditional security operations and open up the wider business application landscape; (3) Innovative operations such as industrial Internet, video collaboration, home use of oranges, intellectual dissipation and drones have generated $1,761 million (+44.64 per cent) in the Tog industry.
The decline in domestic fixed-asset investment was influenced by a revenue of $5.672 billion (the firm ' s business quality trend is well established). The company ' s sales rate reached 42.70 per cent (+1.58 per cent) in 2020, growing steadily for two consecutive years, and the value added of its products increased.
The net return on the company’s shares is about $962 million after the tax, and the net return on the investment is $976 million, while the net profit on the company’s return and the net profit on its non-return are growing steadily.
Mainly as a result of company security measures to safeguard the supply chain; contract liabilities and advance payments of $671 million (+78.72 per cent), up from nearly a decade, new orders are better locked.
The net amount of $4.402 billion (+174.99%) has been growing rapidly for the second year in a row and is now complete.
Long and operating cash flows fully cover the current net return profits, and several key financial indicators show that the overall quality of the company's operations has been driven by R & D, driven by dry traction, the future of software, innovative development, and the creation of a secure supply chain. During the reporting period, companies pursued a high-quality and quantitative development business concept and insisted on R & D-driven: technology innovation was at the core, with large-scale and sustained investment in science and technology research and development, often carried out on a continuous basis.
The core algorithm has successfully developed 100+ industry scenario algorithms and has achieved full coverage of products and solutions in various domains, such as transport, manufacturing, energy, zero education.
Reshaping the regional technology marketing system and enhancing the synergy of technology operations; sustaining the downswing of domestic smb operations and activating markets; focusing overseas on the country, localizing services and significantly enhancing brand cover. Keeping deep-deep management refined, the value of full-scale protective services is on the ground. Software defines the future: eight domestic regional software development centres that have landed in the year to provide sensitive custom-made clothing.
In other provinces, such as Guangxi, Guizhou, the piloting of the provincial delivery direct management programme ensures rapid project delivery and replication of the software integration delivery capacity through capacity deposition to other provinces. Innovation development: new business based on machine vision, video collaboration, oranges, smart fire fighting, intellectual storage, smart security, auto electronics, drones, etc.
• Create a secure supply chain: respond to supply chain risks, overhaul the supply chain, increase inventory availability of key materials, design backups for key nodes, and design backups for key nodes.
Alternatives that guarantee diversification of supply chains, diversify and control the supply chain of products and solutions, significantly reduce dependence on specific materials, and provide effective security of overall supply. Designing a controlled subsidiary to break down the market would facilitate its overall competitiveness and be in line with corporate strategic planning.
On December 22, 2020, an announcement was issued to plan for the dismantling of the video distribution of the holding company China. The video message focused on the design, development, production, marketing and technical services of the video conference system, with autonomous research and development including conference hardware terminals, software terminals, conference cameras, full-way microphones, smart panels, paperless meeting systems, multi-point control units, conference management systems, cloud viewing flats.
During the special period of outbreak control, China created a video message that worked closely with institutions such as the National Multinational Commission for Health and Health Care and the Medical Institute to provide technical assistance 24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, to all units, such as the Tianjin Emergency Response Agency and the General Bank of China.
The project is now on the market, with a view to improving the overall competitiveness of the market, building up the company’s video network to innovate, and further optimizing the corporate business strategy. Investment advice: The intelligent security industry, driven by both policy incentives and technological breakthroughs, will be able to rise to a new cycle of upgrading and construction.
During the process of industrial intelligence evolution, the future rapid development of software definitions will also facilitate a further concentration of market shares toward the headlines. The overall quality of the stockholdings has improved significantly, the business traps have emerged, and companies are forecast to return to net profits in 2021, 2022, and 2023.