The company issued its annual report on 24 March, which achieved operating income of $26,466 million in 2020, a year-on-year increase, and disclosed revenue and speed of 2g, 2b and innovation.
• 2b business growth reflects the transformational effects of the ai, and the rapid growth of the innovation business further accelerates at 21.79% a year. In terms of income structure, 2b business income in 2020 represented domestic services, reflecting the effect of the corporate ai transition.
The market has expanded to a wider market of intelligent goods, relying on the capabilities of the bottom-hai algorithm and the ability of the scene to land, and is expected to open up a growing ceiling and have a wide potential for future development. For the first time, the company has revealed the scale and pace of business income growth of 2b, which has grown much faster than the company's overall growth rate, further validating the company.
In terms of innovation, the company achieved 1.761 billion yuan in revenue from innovation in 2020, a year-on-year growth in terms of machine vision, video collaboration, oranges, smart fire protection, intellectual storage, intelligence security,
We think this is a potential growth point for companies in new business such as auto-electronics, drones, and so on. For the first time, operating net cash flows outpaced net profits, and the quality of operations continued to rise, with a combined Māori ratio of 42.70 per cent in 2020, an increase of 1.58 pt in comparison with the company’s business indicators.
We believe that the increase in the Māori rate is due, on the one hand, to the contribution of high Māori infrared thermal products, and, on the other hand, to the trend towards the intellectualization of the company's products, which has led to an evolution in the structure of the company's products from operating cash flows.
The company achieved net cash flows of $4,402 million in 2020, an increase of 174.9% over the previous year. For the first time, net cash flows outpaced the net return profit, reflecting a continuous improvement in the quality of the company’s operations.
“Waaan Securities _ Industry Depth _ Computer Industry _ They believe that in recent years the company, through fine management, has introduced streams such as ipd/ifs/ltc/isc/mtl/itr.
The project is a continuous process of improving the management of R & D, supply chains, marketing systems, and optimizing internal management. Weights double-click the 2021-01-08 system.
The year has come to be marked by the opening of the “Waaan Securities_Study_Computer Industry” show. The future is expected to be accompanied by further refinements in corporate management and high-quality development.
The company is currently working to become a video-centric provider and a service provider for intelligent goods solutions.
Mainly built on the architecture of "One System, Two Platforms," where "One System" is an integrated technology support system for digital transformation, and we believe that the key to this is to build a unified software platform architecture for decoupling. The "two platforms" are mainly for city-level and enterprise-level components, modular applications.
The key to the platform, we believe, is the ability to set the scenes for various industries. In 2020, the company made great strides in building the platform and in setting the scene. 1) Software platform: the company relies on five institutes to build up its viewing and data intelligence engines.
Several industry algorithms, more than 100 landscape algorithms; more than 1,500 sediment data standards, more than 10,000 data labels and more than 1,300 professional models. With regard to the platform ' s modules, the company has been able to absorb nearly 1,000 industry small-scale modules, while opening hundreds of them to provincial development centres and partners.
A high-level api agreement allows industry to achieve product build-up and agile development, with a 40% increase in publishing efficiency. In terms of open access to the platform, the company completed a full upgrade of self-researched artificial intelligence in 2020 to open up the platform's “genius” and open up arithmetic capabilities. In addition, the company's software is flat.
The station can also open itself to various levels of business models, landscape solutions, etc. (2) The scenes are in the ground: the company is already on the ground in areas such as smart public security, smart traffic, smart parks, smart energy, intelligent farming, smart water, smart finance, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics.
Business solutions, helping enterprises to upgrade their management, improve their productive capacity, and optimize their safety systems. We believe that corporate landscape solutions have been limited to the use of video visual data for analysis, but have combined a variety of sensor devices, such as visual, temperature, smoke, etc., to achieve multi-dimensional data analysis and support.
At this point, we believe that the company’s valuation does not reflect the value of the company as a nation.
The future value is expected to be re-evaluated by the software platform and landscape capabilities of the video community. 1) The spread of the epidemic, the limited business activity of businesses and the demand for orders are expected; 2) Trade frictions between Central America and the United States persist and supply chain stability and continuity are affected.
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience in Ni, Keysight, 5g, Smart Network Motors. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.