High-quality development and significant improvement in operating cash flows - annual report of the People's Republic of China shares (002236.sz) for 2020
In 2020, companies achieved operating income of 26,466 million yuan, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the previous year; q1-q4 continuously released the demand for digital transformation of enterprises, respectively, with a 23,63 per cent increase in revenue for the business of Tob throughout the year.
By region, 1) the revenue in the country was 1,579 million yuan, a decrease of 3.00 per cent over the same period. This is due mainly to the fact that, according to the branch of operations in the country, b-gate performance was excellent: 1) Tog camp received 5.672 billion yuan, a decrease of 4.27 per cent. The situation in the first half of the year was critical. Some government projects were affected and the second half of the year was affected.
The company’s intelligent products and solutions are rapidly being valued by the continuous release of the digital transformation needs of the company.
The market space for maintaining high-quality development and sustained growth in performance has been further expanded; (3) other panels received $3.551 billion, a 30.15 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, mainly because clients, such as small and medium-sized enterprises, were more affected by the impact of the epidemic.
In 2020, the company adhered to the concept of fine management and high-quality development and implemented a series of economic practices.
Camp strategy: 1) Increased R & D input: R & D investment by the company for the whole year was 2,998 million yuan, a year-on-year increase The army continues to sink, activates the market and secures the value of the business; 3) Software, delivery capacity, a year-on-year decline
8 regional software development centres, piloting provincial delivery operations in Guangxi, Guizhou, etc., and scaling up replication to other provinces and districts; 4) developing innovative operations and building cooperative ecology: corporate innovation; expanding new high-speed growth points: joint partners building ecological chains; 5) guaranteeing supply chain security:
Companies increase critical material readiness and design alternatives to diversify and control the supply chain.
In the last three years, the net profit of the mother was 19.47 per cent and the quality of the business improved, among other things, with a recurring epidemic of new coronary pneumonia; the demand for digital transformation of the enterprise was not released as expected; the overseas market was not expanded as expected; the innovation business was not growing as expected; and competition in the market increased.
Figure 1: The author of the P-band shares in China for the last three years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.