Sinjiyama, Textile Manufacturing, Wally Group (300979.sz)
11 November 2022 Wally Group: The world's leading integrated movement shoe-shoe manufacturer. The company was founded in September 2004 to engage in sports.
The development, production and sale of shoes and shoes, the second-largest sporting shoe-shoe manufacturer worldwide, the company and its main customers have maintained stable and long-term cooperation and are major suppliers of shoes and shoes of Nike, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, underarmour, Converse, ug, vans, puma, columbia, hokaoneone, Colehaan.
The company’s main products include sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, transport market data: November 10, 2022, the market for sneakers continued to grow at a compound growth rate of 8.4%, reaching $12.6 billion in 2021.
Basic data: On September 30, 2022, the market for sneakers is expected to reach $17,96.6 billion. The concentration of the top ten brands in the major sports clothing markets has been increasing, with China, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany cl.10 in 2021, 78.3%, 56.5%, 54.3%, 40.8%,
Designing research and development, brand marketing, and channel development to provide opportunities for shoe-coating producers. At the manufacturing end, global shoe production was 22.2 billion pairs in 2021, of which Asia accounted for 88.2 per cent, with China (54.3 per cent), India (10.2 per cent), Viet Nam (6.4 per cent), Indonesia (5.1 per cent), Brazil (3.7 per cent).
The brand company continued to streamline its suppliers, focusing on long-term partnerships with core suppliers, concentration of orders to core suppliers, 2022 fiscal years, 4 shoe-steering suppliers, 58% of Nike branded shoe-steering production, 2018-2019, 11 key strategic suppliers of Adidas shoe-steering products.
The company’s core strengths are: a stable and growing customer matrix, efficient + heavy R & D + strong operations to build deep moats. Excellent customers, companies have long and stable collaboration with leading brands in the sports shoe-wear industry, converses, ug, teva, etc.
Brand collaboration has lasted more than 20 years, collaboration with nike, vans, columbia, etc., more than 10 years, greater business stability, rising customer procurement shares, and continued development of growth space for clients such as onruning, asics, etc. Efficiently, companies are the few in the industry that can provide complete transport from product development design, molds, shoes, soles to finished products.
One of the professional manufacturers of the chains of shoe-fixing manufacturing, while improving the efficiency of the automation of production processes, has kept the output of shoe-shoe production at 1400 pairs/year. Re-researching, the company has a research and development team of more than 2,000 people, set up an independent product research and development team for brand clients, with a research and development investment of more than $200 million per year to enable the company to acquire a range of shoe-shoe manufacturing technologies.
The company has formed a business layout for the “Master Management and Development Centre, Hong Kong, China and Taiwan, and the manufacturing centre for the workers of Viet Nam, Myanmar, Dominica, Indonesia,” using the advantages of resources everywhere to upgrade the manufacturing capacity of branders while providing them with high-quality manufacturing capabilities.
\triangleright shoes with a capacity of 210 million pairs, 95 per cent capacity utilization, existing capacity saturated. The company raised 3,663 million yuan net in April 2021 from ipo, which will be used for the expansion and new construction of production bases in Viet Nam, Myanmar and Indonesia.
In the post-natal period, the company is expected to produce 5.04 million pairs of new shoes and $4.60 billion in annual sales earnings. The average price of sales is about 80 yuan. The average price of sales of shoes is lower than that of the Xu Won group, which is closer to the structure of the product, and the average price of sales of company shoes is higher as the customer structure and product structure continues to improve.
Investment proposal: The company is the second largest manufacturer of global sports shoes, a good customer in the long-term cooperative sports shoe industry, \triangleright actively expands production capacity, unleashes a growing scale effect, drives a sustained expansion of revenue and increases profitability.
The Division continued to increase the risk of excessive concentration in the core customer shoe-shoe supply \triangleright production base, under a three-dimensional deep moat, which is efficient, re-researched and operated.
Wally Group: The world's leading integrated-movement shoe-shoe manufacturer The Wally Group was established in September 2004 to develop, produce and sell sneakers and is a leading global professional shoe manufacturer, with long-standing and stable cooperation between companies and major clients, namely Nike, vf, deeckers, Puma, Columbia,underarmour.
In late 2021, companies produced, sold and sold 220 million pairs of sneakers, and in terms of product structure, the proportion of leisure shoes continued to rise.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved business income of $15,374 million, an increase of 21.68 per cent, and the return figure of 21.68 per cent.
1.1 The journey to development: the cooperative brand matrix is becoming richer, production is becoming more globalized The early stages of growth of customer outreach and shoe-making chains (1990-2004): in 1990, the founder of a company that has been in the shoe-making industry for 20 years, Mr. Zhang Xueyuan, together with other partners, created the Business of Good Growth Ltd., a former group of companies named in Hong Kong (1223.hk)
Mr. Zhang is President of the production business of the New Shiraito Group, responsible for the production of shoes, established in 1995 and 1997 in partnership with Quanwei, the Teva brand, established in 1999 the Nakayama Centre for the Development of the Group in Nakayama, established since 2001 in partnership with the ugg, vans brands, and rapidly increased the volume of sulfurized shoes produced by the company, which became the leader of the sulfide shoe manufacturer in 2003.
In 2005, the Group began to establish its capacity abroad, with the establishment of Hongme, Hirobang, Lichuan, Hongfo, Pejia, Viet Nam, and the rapid expansion of the company’s capacity. From 2011 to 2013, the company expanded its capacity.
Downstream clients, working with hokaoneone, nike, puma, and setting up the Nike dictatorship factory in Hong Kong, Viet Nam, and setting up the Nike Development Centre. In 2013, with the new shareholders of the New Shizuku group joining, the business of the group gradually diversified in the direction of branding, property investment, etc. Although some of its capacity has been transferred to Viet Nam, labour costs have continued to rise, resulting in the decision of the new group to sell the shoe-strap manufacturing business under the flag, Zhang Xinjiang
In 2014, the Dominican production base was set up, and the company became a minority in the industry, providing design, modeling, footwear, etc.
In April 2021, the company was listed on the business board, with the same year ' s Aics, Onrunning and Newballance brands producing more than 210 million pairs of shoes. Given the decentralized manufacturing capacity, the company began to invest in large manufacturing bases in Indonesia.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company owned 18 shoe-making companies in Viet Nam, one shoe-making company each in Dominica and Myanmar, and one in Indonesia.
As of 30 September 2022, the Hong Kong Junyo Group held 84.85% of the company’s shares directly, and 2.63% of the company’s shares were held by the Nakayama Shoe Industries for the company’s absolute shareholders. The founder of the company, Zhang Ji Yin, his wife and son, Zhou Mizuki, his eldest son, Zhang Wen-Sing, and his second son Yu-Wi, held the same proportion of Hong Kong’s stocks through their respective Hong Kong holding companies.
The five members of the family together hold 87.48% of the company’s shares. In addition, Yongcheng is an outside investor who invested $2.323 million in July 2019 and currently holds 0.93% of the company’s shares because of the market development prospects of the company and the sneakers industry.
He started his shoe business in the 1970’s, and in the 1980’90’s he worked with partners in Taiwan, Guangdong and other regions to invest in shoe factories, such as Taiwan’s Xinjin Shoe Industry, Guangzhou’s Xinhai Shoe Industry, and others. He worked in the New China Group from 1990-2014, where he served as Managing Director, Vice-President of the Group, Chairman of the Group, Managing Director of the Business Group, and so on.
Former president of the company, with more than 50 years of experience in the shoe industry, and a deep understanding of the industry. Other managers of the company also have a great deal of industry experience, such as Ms. Liu Soo-jun, the director and managing director of the company, who served as manager and senior director of Que Wei ' s global development business, and Mr. Liu Myong-sung, the company ' s director, who served as deputy manager of the Yongshan shoe industry in Guangzhou, general manager of the Shenzhen Tai shoe industry, and as a shoe manager in Guangzhou.
Industry associate, deputy general manager, etc., company management generally joins the company earlier, permanently accompanying the company to grow together. 1.3 Financial analysis: Extension of capacity guarantees robust growth, rising levels of profitability, sales drive rapid growth, and the European and American region is the company’s main marketing area. Except for the 20 years affected by the epidemic, corporate revenue has grown over the past few years.
The sales volume of company shoes increased from 127 million pairs to 211 million pairs, and the cagr to 13.58%. Due to the wide variation in customized products among clients, companies, after considering factors such as the cost of raw materials, labour costs, order size, volume difficulty, production delivery cycle, determined the price of the product. The average sales price of shoes and shoes increased from 79 yuan/double in 2017 to 83 yuan/double in 2021, and cagr to 1.20% in the first three quarters of the year.
As the company takes on more high-end shoes and the dollar increases against the renminbi, the sales of shoes and the average RMB-denominated product are expected to increase by about 10% on average. From the distribution area, the company’s products are almost all exported, and the region is dominated by Europe and the United States, with the United States and Europe selling revenues in 2021.
The product structure optimization drives the increase in the Māori rate from year to year, and the scale effect releases optimizes the cost rate. The main raw materials required by the company are defined by the customer, the price of which is primarily negotiated between the customer and the supplier, and some rubber raw materials, which are procured autonomously by the company according to the quality standards specified by the customer. The price of the purchase is negotiated between the company and the supplier on the basis of market prices.
The share of the company's main business costs is 61.68 per cent, 25.03 per cent and 13.29 per cent, respectively, with the highest interest rates for leather, textile fabric, packaging materials, foaming shoes, rubber, and a relatively close ratio of outdoor boots to sports sandals/slippers, which are lower than for sports and leisure shoes, mainly because of the complex and small volume of production, higher unit production costs, the small scale of production of sports sandals/slippers, the relatively simple nature of the process and the lower value added of the product.
In 2021, the cost rate for the company period was 5.4 per cent, while the sales/management/R & D/finance rate was 0.4 per cent/3.9 per cent/-0.3 per cent, a decline in the same year, the quality of the company's operations was excellent and the capacity of the capital expenditure guarantee continued to expand. In 2017-2021, the net profit on the company's return grew from RMB 1,106 million to RMB 2,768 million, and the cagr was 25.77 per cent. In the first three quarters of the year, the net profit on the mother's return increased by 22.5 per cent to R & D per 0.3 billion.
A 30-90-day credit period in which the main clients are global-renowned sports shoes, with a good return of receivables, while companies focus on inventory management, good bridging of procurement, production and delivery, maintaining a high level of turnover, stable cooperative relationships between companies and major suppliers, obtaining reasonable payment credit terms based on good business reputation, combined with cash flows from corporate operations matching net profits
In terms of capital spending, annual capital spending by companies has ensured a sustained expansion of production capacity. 2. Sports shoe performance is high in the first half of the year. The share of head manufacturers is expected to continue to rise. 2.1 The global market for sports shoes is growing rapidly, and the United States is the largest consumer of global sports shoes.
The global market for sneakers has continued to grow at a high rate, rising from year to year. According to statista, the global market for sneakers continued to grow steadily at a high annual compound rate of 8.4 per cent in 2012-2019 and was affected by the epidemic in 2020. The market for sneakers continued to grow at a rapid rate of 9.1 per cent during the year, up from 5.5 per cent in 2021-2025.
Rapidly, in 2025, the market for global sneakers will reach $17.96 billion, the share of which is expected to reach 37.7%. The United States is the world’s largest consumer of sneakers, and we are in second place. According to data from the major consumer countries, according to the company offer, the top seven countries in the world in 2018 were the largest consumers of sneakers: the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, France, and the United States.
South Korea, with the United States accounting for 35% of the global market, is the largest consumer of global sports shoes, and China accounts for 12% of the global market. According to statista, the United States is also the largest global market for sports shoes, with 26.6% market size in 2021, $60.5% per person for leisure sports shoes, $40.7 per person for professional sneakers, and 26.0% for Europe, the second largest sales region of the company.
Sports branders are highly concentrated and continuously increasing. Given the pattern of brand competition, the importance of branders’ research and development capabilities, and the need for brand promotion to secure scarce sports resources, is crucial, given the consumer’s increased focus on the functional and technological attributes of the products of sneakers.
According to the company offer, the world’s leading sports brand operators increased from nike, 30.4% of the year, to 35.6% of the year 2018, and according to Fontaine 2021, Nike now accounts for more than a third of the global market for sports shoes. According to Euromonitor, the top 10 brands of major sports clothing markets have increased continuously, with China, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, and China in 2021.
German sports brands cr10 were 78.3%, 56.5%, 54.3%, 40.8%, 35.4% higher than in 2012, respectively, 11.7%, 5.6%, branders focused on branding and product development, providing an opportunity to develop medium-size shoe-coupling enterprises. The campaign brands are now focused on product design development, brand marketing, channel-building, and shoe-coupling manufacture is usually entrusted to professional manufacturers.
It is common to outsource all or part of it, e.g. nike, adidas, vf, ua, puma, columbia, deeckers, etc., while branding and manufacturing integration, branding and manufacturing-separation patterns have also led to a gradual reduction in the share of home-grown sports, special steps, etc. The share of outsourcing has continued to grow.
42.9% fell to 25.5% in 2021, and Fila produced 21.5% of her own shoes, which shows a continuous overall downward trend; Special Step 2021, which led to a 30% decline in the production capacity of her own shoes compared to 58% in 2014.
Figure 27: Self-production rate of special-step international footwear 2.2 Asia accounts for nearly 90 per cent of global shoe-shoe supply, market share is concentrated in head manufacturers, global shoe-shoe manufacturing chains are shifting several times, and South-East Asian countries are increasing their share
The shoe industry, as a labour-intensive industry, is influenced and constrained by a variety of factors, including labour resources, raw material supply, the policy environment, and marketing markets, among which labour resources are one of the most important. Global shoe manufacturing centres have undergone multiple shifts as the cost of manufacturing changes.
Spain and Italy moved to Japan in the 1960’s, then to Taiwan and South Korea in the 1970’s, and then to mainland China in the 1990’s. And, with China’s rising labour costs and South-East Asian countries’ tariff advantages, shoe-making centers have gradually shifted in recent years to countries in South-East Asia and South Asia, such as Viet Nam, India, Indonesia, and Myanmar.
In 2021, according to the Portuguese Association of the Shoe-making Industry, global shoe-shoe production was 22.2 billion pairs, an increase of 8.6 per cent, with Asia accounting for 88.2 per cent, followed by South America accounting for 4.7 per cent, Europe, Africa, North America 2.8 per cent, 2.9 per cent, and 1.4 per cent. In 2021, China was the world ' s top 10 countries, respectively.
54.1 per cent, India (11.7 per cent), Viet Nam (6.1 per cent), Indonesia (4.9 per cent), Brazil (3.6 per cent), Turkey (2.5 per cent), Pakistan (2.3 per cent), Bangladesh (1.8 per cent), Mexico (0.9 per cent) and the Philippines (0.8 per cent), although we are still the first country to produce shoes, South-East Asian countries such as Indonesia, Viet Nam and India have gradually increased their share.
In South-East Asia, labour costs are rising faster, but still have a clear advantage over our country. According to the International Labour Organization, while labour costs rose faster in Viet Nam and Cambodia, the nominal minimum monthly wage in Viet Nam and Cambodia was 11.6 per cent and 14.6 per cent, respectively, in 2011-2019, the absolute wage was still more favourable than the price of our labour force. In 2019, China, Indonesia, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and Bangladesh were the largest.
The low nominal monthly wage is US$ 217, 111, 181, 182, 18, the minimum monthly wage in China is 1.2 times that of Viet Nam and Cambodia, 2.0 times that of Indonesia and 12.2 times that of Bangladesh, the minimum monthly wage in 2020 was US$ 319 and US$ 190 for Viet Nam and 1.7 times that of Viet Nam.
South-East Asian countries are also friendly in terms of manufacturing costs and corporate income tax rates. South-East Asian countries have some comparative advantages in terms of industrial electricity use, water prices, etc. The average electricity bill for China’s business, according to the Ministry of Commerce’s Country (Regional) Guide for Foreign Investment Cooperation, is about US$ 0.10/degree higher than for Indonesia (US$0.03/degree), Myanmar (US$0.06-0.09/degree), Viet Nam (US$0.07/degree).
The cost is 0.47 per cubic metre, almost higher than in most countries of South-East Asia. In terms of rental of industrial land, although prices vary considerably in major ASEAN cities, the average unit price is lower than in cities above $100 per square metre, Chinese cities in the same position (including key cities and cities along the eastern coast) have relatively high prices for industrial land, for example, $189 per square metre in the first-line city of Guangzhou, and East China.
In addition, after decades of development, the stock of industrial land available in Chinese cities is shrinking, while land development in ASEAN countries is still at an early stage. In terms of corporate income tax rates, South-East Asia’s main countries have lower income tax rates than China, and in addition, the relevant conditions are met.
In the major countries of South-East Asia, foreign-owned enterprises may also benefit from tax benefits, such as 10-17 per cent income tax benefits for foreign-owned enterprises with an investment value of $300 million or an annual sales value of $500 million, or more than 3,000 jobs, and the “Four-Four-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five” preferential policies.
Prices; Indian data for Delhi Capital District) First-line city, Guangzhou, US$ 189/m2, with industrial land at a unit price of US$ 80-300 in key industrial cities along the eastern coast, where the United States and EU imports of shoes and shoes originating in Viet Nam are either zero or low. Currently, Viet Nam and the EU are signing Viet Nam and the EU.
To date, the United States has not signed a formal free trade agreement with Viet Nam, with the United States applying a base tax (0%-37.5% for textile rubber and 8.5-10% for synthetic leather) for imports of Vietnamese-origin footwear, and a base rate plus an additional rate (additional) for tariffs on Chinese-origin footwear.
The production capacity of sports brand companies has also been transferred to countries in South-East Asia. In terms of product output of branders, Nike, Adidas, the main production base, has been moved to Vietnam and Indonesia, where 30%, 44% and 36% of Adidas and 30% have been produced.
Viet Nam accounted for 32% of the total product, China for 29%, Bangladesh for 14%, Cambodia for 13%, Indonesia for 4%, and India for 2%. In 2021, Nike accounted for about 45.5% and 33.7% of the workers in Viet Nam and Indonesia, while Adidas accounted for about 35.9 and 32.6% of the workers in Viet Nam and Indonesia.
Branders have been working with core suppliers on a long-term basis, and the market share of top-quality manufacturing firms has continued to rise. Brand companies have continued to streamline their suppliers for fiscal year 2022 (up to 2022.5.31), companies have partnered in 120 shoe-shoe factories, and the largest shoe-steering factory accounts for 8% of Nike's brand-shoe production, and, according to Fontae Enterprises 2021, as a long-term partner with Nike for more than 40 years, the company accounts for more of Nike's sneakers.
1/6 (approx. 16.7%). In the 2022 fiscal year, four shoe-steering suppliers together accounted for 58% of Nike branded shoe-steering production. Since 2016, the number of independent suppliers has also declined, with companies collaborating with 134 independent suppliers in 2021. For Adidas, all potential new suppliers are evaluated by the group Sea (Social and Environmental Affairs Team) to ensure that new suppliers meet group standards, and by the end of 2021, all new workers
The first refusal rate was 34 per cent; in 2021, the company owned 21 independent suppliers of footwear, with an average of 22.7 years of cooperation, and over 60 per cent of vendors with more than 10 years of cooperation. In 2018-2019, there were 11 key strategic suppliers of Adidas shoes, with a total of 37: number of independent suppliers of shoes.
2.2.2 The company is the world’s second-largest sporting shoe-shoe manufacturer, with a level of profitability at the top of the industry, and is now the world’s second-largest sports shoe manufacturer, with a profitability leading industry. The world’s leading shoe-shoe manufacturers include Xu Yuan Group, Wally Group, Fontaine Enterprises, Xing Qi International, Chiqiang International, etc., with a revenue of 313 billion yuan in 2021, $17.5 billion in 2021.
16.2 billion yuan, 3.6 billion yuan and 2.8 billion yuan. In 2021, the company recovered more than Toyota and became the world’s second-largest sports shoe-shoe manufacturer.
The Māori rate is relatively low and fluctuates from 20% to 20%. In terms of cost rates, there is a downward trend in the level of corporate cost, with sales and management fees in 2021.
Figure 42: Comparison of sales management costs of major manufacturing enterprises Figure 43: Comparison of net interest rates of shoe-coating enterprises 3. Client matrix stable and continuously expanding, efficient + re-research + hard core competitiveness
3.1 Client excellence: Core client orders continue to rise, new clients expand to open up growth space Brands screen partners rigorously and high-quality customer resources are solid moats. According to a company offer, branding companies usually conduct a year-long study and testing plant when selecting a new manufacturer, focusing on the development capacity, production capacity, quality of the partner producers.