Technology and the supply chain were shaped to protect the city, leading the way, and the reasons for the report were: performance rating: high growth in corporate revenue and strong control of fees. Growth in revenue and profitability continued at a high rate throughout the year, projected to be in 2023.
The Māori rate has stabilized over the year with the price of silicon, with a 17.53 per cent Māori rate for 2022q4 and a stable Māori rate for silicon operations at the price of silicon, with an annual Māori rate of 18.95 per cent for silicon, an increase of h2 to 19.49 per cent and an increase of h1 ring.
1.12 pct. The company silicon price price remains strong and is expected to rise further as silicon prices decrease by one-watt net compared to the previous year. The level of integration is increasing as production capacity rises. Silicon: total crystal capacity reached 140gw in 2022, an increase of 52gw, with an expected output of 180gw by the end of 2023.
Technology: R & D inputs have risen steadily, and silicon technology has gained significant advantages. R & D inputs have increased by 3,771 million yuan a year, 46.34 per cent, or 5.63 per cent of the total revenue. R & D inputs have led to a clear cost advantage for the company ' s silicon, which is used through silicon.
Advances such as upgrading and continuous thinning and fine-lined technological advances, with single kilos of silicon less than 3 yuan/kg, single kilos less start-up costs more than industry, and single kilos more than 3 pieces/kg more than industry.
The company has a strategic layout for silicon, gold lines, equipment, etc. - the new energy sector for electricity equipment. For quartz, the company prejudges the supply of platinum sand, locks, and prices.
2. Corporate review: Ningde era (300,750): secures inner sand and middle sand, building advantages from second- and third-line firms at the cost end. In addition, companies have developed support firms for a long period of time with a significant increase in profits in Euro-European units, and lithium tap status.
Crystal technology, with long-term strategic cooperation agreements in areas ranging from five to ten years each in the form of quartz products. 3. U.S.-A.-A.-A.-A.-A.
Energy development goals - new power generation, 1.1. High growth in corporate revenue, steady growth in earnings under control capacity, high annual growth in revenue and profitability, expected to rise further in 2023. Companies opened in 2022
Net profit of $1.818 billion, mainly due to a fall in comparison with the second and third quarters as a result of price changes in the industrial chain, and the current situation is as shown in figure 2 for non-mortality net profits and the same ratio (billions, per cent) for the calendar year, in figure 3 for operating income and the same ratio (billions, per cent) for the single quarter of the company.
Figure 4 shows a steady recovery in net profit and profit levels (in billions of yuan, per cent) from single-quarter deductions. Last year, the company ' s Māori rate fell slightly from 17.82 per cent in 2022 to 3.87 pt. On a quarterly basis, the Māori rate for silicon increases are stable throughout the year, and is expected to rise as the price of silicon is currently rising.
Figure 6 Changes in the rate of three fees for companies over the calendar year (%) 1.2. The decline in the price of silicon is expected to raise the level of corporate profitability.
Accumulation, the recent decline in silicon prices has accelerated, with single-war Māori gathering down to 0.35 yuan/watts. The recent overall price of silicon silicon has risen to $0.19/watt due to the supply bottlenecks of quartz, and is expected to yield excess returns as silicon prices decline further.
The price of silicon silicon is strong and stable. Silicon silicon accounts for 75.96 per cent of the company ' s total revenues in 2022, silicon operations are stable in the first three quarters with a sharp increase in the price of silicon, and silicon operations are 18.95 per cent and h2 silicons are stable throughout the year.
19.49%, or 1.1pc more than h1. The company silicon offer remains strong and costs 10-15% lower than the industry in the light of the recent decline in silicon prices. The company anticipates a further increase in silicon product single-watt interest over the previous year as silicon prices decline.
1.3. Productive capacity: The expansion of production capacity and the increasing level of integration The sale of silicon tablets has been increasing with the expansion of production capacity. As of the end of December 2022, the total capacity of the company monocrystal capacity had risen to 140gw, 52gw more than last year.
In 2022, the company sold 10,647 million silicon tablets, corresponding to about 68gw left and right, an increase of 29.64% from last year. On April 8, 2023, the company issued a transferable plan, raising no more than 13.8 billion yuan for 35gw silicon and 25gw topcon battery capacity building.
Substream integration extension, expansion of battery assembly capacity. Component end: In 2015, the company, in a joint venture with Sunpower, joined the equity ibc component manufacturer, maxeon, in 2020. Component output, 12gw, increased by 9% in 2022, sold battery engineering demonstration lines, and already has expansionable conditions. Battery capacity is planned to be upgraded to 7gw in 2023, with a focus on power ibc
The semiconductor silicon silicon business has been growing steadily. Silicon silicon silicon silicon is growing faster in 6, 8, and 12 inches, and the construction of the Tianjin factory has accelerated, with an increase of more than 40% in the 6 and 8 inches of capacity. The semiconductor's total sales in 2022 reached 5.5 million square francs.
Inch, global cities accounted for more than 4%, and Chinese cities for more than 40%. In 2022, the company acquired Xuzhou factory, and continued to improve Xuzhou factory and quickly improve the quality of its operations. In February 2023, the company’s controlling subsidiary, the ring semiconductor, created new semiconductor capacity in figure 13.
Figure 14 Corporate semiconductor silicon production sales (million square inches) 1.4. Technology: The advantage of industrial 4.0 intelligence manufacturing is highlighted by the steady rise in R & D inputs, and the advantage of silicon technology. R & D investments amounted to 3,771 million yuan a year, a year-on-year increase.
46.34%, or 5.63% of the total revenue. Research and development inputs lead to a clear cost advantage for the company ' s silicone tablets, which are expected to increase by more than 3 yuan per kilogram of silicon as compared to their counterparts by more than 3 kg per kilogram of silicon, and by technological advances such as continuous silicon use. It is expected that, in the future, more than 3 pieces per kilogram of silicon will be added to the number of silicon tablets.
In the future, with more than 300 silicon models on the know-how process and 4.0 rounds, it is expected that, with more sophisticated digital management requirements, the advantage will be a superb advantage for battery assemblies. The company will use three generation lines to upgrade existing technologies in the direction of battery technology.
Increase the ctm value, adapt the production line of smart using process 4.0 and develop new stacking tiles around topcon batteries, while simultaneously with a two-wheel drive strategy for maxeon. 1.5. Supply chain: long-term operations to build moat rivers
In the case of silicon, the company is jointly working on a multi-crystal silicon project and gradually introducing silicon. In addition, the company had previously signed a series of long sheets with Tonway and Dakun to secure silicon supplies; in the case of the diamond line, the company had taken over the new stock stock stock by means of a home check, which had been taken over by the company for the last three years.
More than 98% of the revenue is collected, and it has been developed to be marketed; at the end of the equipment, the company works in close technical cooperation with Transistor Power, most of which is purchased from crystallizers, smart processing equipment, etc., as the top client. In addition, the two sides are working together in semiconductors, leading the joint venture in the middle ring; in light-volt glass, the company is gradually building component capacity and signing with Ancha Gokko.
Seize the bottleneck, and the stone-pee-pollen will secure the leader. Since high-purity rock-and-sand resources are mainly in the United States, the main resource requirements are in the hands of the United States company Yunmin, Norwegian tqc, which has a low willingness to expand production.
2023q4, the tight supply of and demand for the inner sand of the stone is the most tight link in the industrial chain. The company pre-empts the supply of the stone sand, the supply of the sand, the quantity and price of the locks, the preservation of the inner sand and the middle sand, and the cost of constructing it from the cost to the second line.
Long-term strategic cooperation agreements between five and ten years for material cleaning services, cutting liquid treatment services, and five to ten years respectively.
To 180gw. We expect the company to achieve business income of $856.1073.1161 billion by 2023-2025, corresponding to (1) the risk of global macroeconomic volatility: global recessionary pressures in the second half of the year may have a definite negative impact on the end of the demand for photovoltaics, affecting the sale of silicon tablets;
(2) Risks of intra-industry competition: intense intra-industry competition, which may result in silicon tablets, component prices falling or sales (3) supply chain risk: lower than expected supply of high-purity rock sands overseas, resulting in future cost pressures, which may result in (4) risk of upstream/downstream price fluctuations: up/downstream games may result in lower-than-anticipated costs of silicon and higher price reductions for components
(b) Appendices: forecasts of three major statements, using legally compliant data, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.