Silicon taps reinforce advantages, semiconductor operations accelerate, photovoltile silicons: advanced output accelerates landing, cost advantages are significant, and pricing authority is enhanced. Together with crystal end-product capacity of 180gw at the end of 23rd year, company synchronisation drives slicing end-product capacity expansion, dw
The Smart Slicing Plant has been built to Phase 5 (Ningxia), which will bring about a 180g-g-crystal capacity. Since the end of the 22nd year, the supply of silicon material has been slashed, the company has significantly increased its crop rate, and there has been a significant increase in the delivery of silicon tablets in March, 23, which is now over 10 gw; at the end of the process.
The company actively promotes the industrial 4.0 model of manufacturing, building intelligent plants, while achieving, through years of accumulation of crafts, a clear lead on the cutting edge and the cutting edge, folded into high-purity rocky sands, the company prepares and arranges ahead to expand crystal efficiency and production stability.
Advantages, and further increases in cost edges. The firm’s price-fixing power has been significantly strengthened since the end of last year, and its vanguard position has been further strengthened, based on the strength of capacity size and cost-control capabilities, as well as the strategic judgement of the firm’s deep-farming industry over the years.
Battery assembly: Polygamy components patented to build barriers and actively promote battery, assembly capacity expansion, total equity/distributive equity (million shares) 32.34/32.31. Sunpower World Patent Efficient Collapse Component Technology was introduced in the early morning of 2017, group 23
According to industry public data, in 2022, the medallion has been raised to the line.
Industry fifth, it is expected that the accelerated tcl technology group (Tianjin) will have semiconductor operations based on the differential advantages of the supermixed components: acquisition of a core to expand the production capacity of 12 inches of silicon and strong union.
The central ring leads the lead in the domestic semiconductor silicon miller, currently 8-inch product technology and quality control.
The company took 12 inches of semiconductor silicon market more quickly. 1 light volt + semiconductor double-wheel drive.
The company was created as a semiconductor material factory in Tianjin City in 1958, became a semiconductor semiconductor company in Tianjin in 1999 and was listed in late 2007. In 2015, the company, in partnership with Sunpower, set up a ring of photovolts and tiles of tiles.
In 2020, the company completed the mix, with tcl technology gaining 100% of the Central Rings at $12.5 billion, and in the same year, the company acquired 28.8% of the maxeon and expanded its overseas channels. In 2022, the company was officially renamed the tcl middle ring, with an efficient mix of 3.0-series components to produce.
Chart 1: The company's development history is based on single crystal silicon, which expands to light. The company's main business is centred around silicon materials, focusing on single crystal silicon development and production, starting with and based on single crystal silicon, deep-deeping in high-tech, asset-intensive, long-cycle national strategic science and technology industries.
Vertical extension in the field of semiconductor material manufacturing and new energy photovoltaic manufacturing, with operational plates consisting of semiconductor material plates, new energy photovoltaic material plates and photovoltaic cells and component plates.
1.2 The equity structure is stable, and the incentive to grow is strong. The company’s controlling shareholders are converted from state capital to a tcl technology group.
The repurchase of shares in the company by self-financed funds of RMB 650 million (inclusive) and no more than RMB 700 million (inclusive), the non-purchase of the purchase price plan, which reflects the firm's confidence in the future prospects and recognition of the company's value, helps the company to fully mobilize the firm's nuclear backbone and good employees, and to jointly promote the company's long-term development.
Photovoltage and semiconductors move in both ways, maintaining a ratio of about 90%. The company’s main business consists of semiconductor and photovoltaic plates, which dominate in terms of operating income. In the case of photovoltaics, the company is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of photovoltaic silicon and components. Since 2021, the company’s share of new energy materials (photovolt) has remained at 93%.
The Division is mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon tablets, the main products of which are a full series of 4 to 12 inches of polishing, extrapolation, de-firers, etc. The company’s performance has continued to increase at a high rate since the completion of the mix.
Mixed ownership reforms introduced private capital and increased business viability. In 2021, the company achieved 41.1 billion yuan in revenues, increased production capacity to a new level, generated 67.01 billion yuan in operating income throughout the year, an increase of 63.02 per cent, and a net profit of 6,819 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 69.21 per cent.
The cost rate has been declining over the period, and the net interest rate has performed better. Since 2018, the cost has remained low for the company period, with 2 light volts: strengthening silicon edges, actively extending downstream layouts, leading the 2.1 advanced energy industry, gradually raising the voice of the industry.
In 2022, with the company’s six-phase project Ningxia, the single-crystal capacity was raised from 88gw to 140gw, becoming global top1, while in 22 years, even under the influence of problems such as tight supply of silicon, silicon films grew by 30% to 68gw, a 30% increase, followed by a market for silicon.
According to the latest data, in March 2023, the company’s output of silicon silicon was more than 10gw, and its industry’s leading position was firmly established. The dw industrial 4.0 plant was being built to accelerate the production of the scissors. In recent years, the company has accelerated the construction of the dw slicing plant.
In addition, the company has built up a five-phase production capacity in Sinakawa, which will add 35gw to the production capacity of 180gw lacquer capacity, which is based on industry-led large-scale advanced capacity, and strengthens silicon pricing rights.
The gradual introduction of advanced cut-off capacity (dw3, dw 4) has led to a marked increase in the share of the market in the overall silicon chain of the central ring, especially during the period of high industrial volatility, which has further strengthened the middle-ring pricing voice, effectively steering the industry’s price expectations, and changes in the price offer since the end of last year have led to expectations in advance and control over pricing rights.
Share cost advantages with the industry, allowing speedier penetration of the 210+n. On April 6, 2023, the company released the latest silicon film report/w, and the current downstream owner's awareness of the 210 drop advantage has gradually deepened, the premium for the 210 battery fragments is clear, and the battery chip manufacturer has been upgrading the 182 line to 210, adding a 210 profit margin to the middle ring this time, on the one hand sharing the market with itself on the 210 route.
The cost advantage of the line, on the other hand, is expected to accelerate the penetration of 210 and accelerate the transformation of the size pattern. From a n-p-type view, 130 micro-metres of silicon with a 150 micro-phase of silicon have a clear single-watt view, with approximately 4 points/w (with a conversion efficiency of 23.2% of p-type batteries and 24.8% of n-type cells), with the medium ring being the largest of the n-type silicon.
Vendors, through silicon drops, are expected to further improve the economics of the N battery, while 210n silicon single-watt prices are reduced to about $0.05/w, about $0.09/w less than 182n, with significant cost-side variations that are expected to accelerate industry ' s application of 210+n2.2 to actively build industrial 4.0 systems, leading production efficiency.
Companies build core competitiveness with the goal of achieving industry at 4.0 in its entirety. Under industry 4.0 models, firms reduce the impact of industrial volatility in a flexible manner, making algorithmic big data an intellectual hub for autonomous control of equipment, information, automated systems, promoting industry digitization, industrial intelligence profound change, and building a future “lighthouse plant”.
On the basis of this, the manufacturing process is constantly being refined, a model of “deepblue” learning is being developed, flexible manufacturing is being enhanced, and black light plants are being built to lay the foundations for the growth of corporate globalization.
Figure 13: "Black Light" factory smart manufacturing improves production efficiency and achieves efficiency gains for the various links.g12 The technology platform is integrated with the industrial production line depth of 4.0 and enhances the company's manufacturing efficiency, technological skill level and ability to meet the client's needs for flexibility.
The six-stage plant will achieve 384 single-person stands, with a significant increase in human and production efficiency. At the same time, building on industrial automation, flexible manufacturing, smart logistics, large-scale industrial data platforms, etc., will accelerate the industrial 4.0 process of the corporate manufacturing system, enabling the photovoltaic manufacturing industry and leading to industrial change and upgrading.
(a) Crystal end: due to better crystallization control capabilities, companies have greater capacity and utilization of silicon, because single kg of silicon costs are 3 yuan/kg lower than the industry ' s leading level; through faster speed pull and higher single furnace output, companies have 3 yuan/kg less per kilogram of opening costs than industry ' s leading;
Slicing ends: the company uses industry 4.0 to actively promote fine linearization and thinning, and at the same time better control at the cutting end, with a single kilogram outnumbering the industry by three pieces/kg. Multinational policies have been introduced to support home-made photovoltaics, and our enterprises have to go to sea to seek overseas construction channels.
In August 2022, US General Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides an initial investment tax credit and a single-manufacturing tax credit for indigenous U.S. photovoltaic materials, which will stimulate global head-wind manufacturing firms, including China, to invest in U.S.-based manufacturing plants, leading to manufacturing out of the country.
In March 2023, the EU issued the Net Zero Industry Act, which states that by 2030 the EU plans to supply at least 10% of the key raw materials annually, 40% of the key raw materials processed, and 15% of the key raw materials recovered from the EU mainland. Multinational policies are clearly trade-protective, i.e. providing tax credits for the indigenous photovoltaic manufacturing industry or creating barriers to our exports.
It is imperative to create a globalized landscape. Globalization creates barriers. China’s current share of solar photovoltaic products in global output is more than 90%.
The company is expected to become a global luminous industry leader. 1) The corporate development goals of globalization are in line with industry trends.
Business chain building, where companies are already involved in maxeon, has an early advantage and are expected to actively nurture maxeon’s expansion abroad. 2) Unmanned production is expected to reduce the impact of labor disputes, etc. The company’s dw smart factory makes full use of automation, digitalization, intelligence, freeing people from repetitive labor, reducing manual input and labour intensity, and achieving high levels of labor productivity can be avoided to a great extent.
The company has given high priority to the management of the business. In 2022, its per capita output reached 10 million people/year, its per capita wages were over $20,000/year, its first-line employees worked a week of up to 40h, meeting the standards of overseas employment and adapting them to the requirements of overseas placement.
2.3 Collapse product technology leads, downstream extension builds new growth points, and captures global top-of-the-curve technology patents, enabling component end-of-assemblies to be differentiated. The company ' s components, which were created in 2015, hold 83.73 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, Sunpower ' s 16.27 per cent share, was introduced in February 2017.
At present, the Jiangsu District g12 high-efficiency tiles project has the capacity to produce 9gw, and the Tianjin Region G12 high-efficiency tiles project (phase I) has the capacity to produce 3gw, and 2022 has the capacity to produce 12gw. The company plans to upgrade the component product to 30gw in 2023.
In June 2021, the Circumpolar Photovoltaics began a new, high-efficiency assembly series of 3.0 components. The most cutting-edge component high-density encapsulation stacking technology in the product application industry was implemented, and the pioneering battery surface optimization process was used on a technological basis, increasing the current collection capacity of battery cells and maximizing the single.
The effective luminous area of a block component achieves a higher power output of the component. 3.0 superstation assemblies have a maximum power of 670w, power generation is over 21% and maximum efficiency is 21.8%. This reduces the cost of the system by more than 4% compared to 72 pieces of 530w components, and lcoe drops out of the company ' s superplate have a product advantage of high power, high power generation performance, high reliability, etc.
High power: The high-density sealing process for the high-efficiency collage component of the ring has eliminated the spacing of the cells, increased the effective light-resistance area of the cells, reduced the loss of the electronic transmission path due to cellular lacuna and allowed for an increase in the energy density of the components by 5 per cent, with higher power output of the components, with a maximum power of 600w or more,
Power generation efficiency of more than 21%. High power generation performance: special technical processes and full-scale combined circuit design of circulatory tiles assemblies.
Power loss and working temperature at 50 degrees Celsius, with greater resistance to decay and shadow, should actually be used, with better power generation performance on the scene. High reliability: six times the standard test for circ-coated component products, with the best reliability in the world.
Performance, better positive/back load capacity to ensure that more electricity can be generated in a more demanding physical operating environment Chart 17: Strengths of company-commodity component products
In 2022, the number of bid projects for luminous components amounted to 375, with a combined capacity of 154.99gw. In 2022, the total volume of bid projects for the purchase of luminous components amounted to 118.55gw. Of these, 83.6gw, or 70.52%, was determined for specific enterprises.
4.29gw, the fifth largest industry, achieved a clear breakthrough in the centralized domestic market. International certification increased overseas sales capacity by over 1 gw in 2019. The first 51mw overseas orders started to be delivered on 25 November 2017, signalling the capacity of the Eastern Ring-and-Screen component to produce and sell bulk output and sales.
In the course of the year, the g12-43.33p single-protocol component of the Ringtüv Light Vulture Series was tested and certified by a third-party authority in Germany. International certification of company products will further increase overseas sales capacity. The proposed 25gwn topcon battery capacity will be actively extended downstream. On April 8, 2023, the company issued a transferable debt.
The company will combine 210 dimensions +topcon+ stacking technology to fully utilize high conversion rates, high double-face rates, low decay rates, etc.
Serial component capacity and reduced use of scaffolds, base blocks and cables saves the cost of light-voltage bos. 2.4 Stone sands are excellent enough to keep the gap between rivals. High-purity stone sands are concentrated and scarcely become a consensus in the industry.
Contact with silicon fluids has a significant effect on crystal mass. Depending on the purity of the quartz sand, it is generally divided into three inner, middle and outer layers, and since the inner sand is most directly exposed to silicon fluids, it is also the most demanding for purity, transparency, air fluid package content, which was previously supplied mainly by high-purity quartz-pellite deposits in Spruspine, developed jointly by the U.S. Spicco and Norwegian tqc.
In addition, quartz shares can supply some of India’s targeted deposits with high-purity quartz sands. There is a persistent supply and demand gap, and there has been a steady increase in the stress of the inner-middle sands. The shortage of superpurified quartz sands since 2022 has gradually been highlighted, with a further rise in downstream demand and silicone production after 2023, the tension has risen rapidly, according to smm.
According to the information, the price of high-purity platinum sand is 27-299,000 yuan per ton. Given that high-purity platinum sands are still mainly supplied abroad and that expansion is not very active, it is clear that the 23-25 year silicon alone will double the capacity of high-purity platinum platinum sand production, making it difficult to meet the high-growth downstream demand, and it is expected that high-purity platinum platinum sand will remain tense.
In addition to the company’s collaboration with the upstream crystallized technology depth, the company also maintains cooperation with companies such as Jiang Cyclops, Zhejiang and Jing Jing. Through forward-looking consideration of the iki sand supply chain, the company establishes and maintains a long-term strategic partnership to guarantee the supply and stability of ishighen sand and thus cost competition.
3-half-conductor: Actively promoting the expansion of capacity, building new growth points, 3.1 old semi-conductor enterprises, expanding capacity year by year, silicon is a key semiconductor building block, with the most extensive downstream integrated circuit applications. Silicon is located on the upper edge of the semiconductor industry chain.
The silicon, depending on the degree of processing, can be divided into polished chips, extrapolated silica, soi (insulated silicon); depending on size, silicon pieces can be divided into 6 inches (150 mm) and below, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon.
The global semiconductor silicon market is more concentrated, with an estimated 15.28 billion square inches in 22 years. From the global market, the semiconductor silicon market is more than 90%, with higher concentrations, including the Japanese Skin-etsu, the Japanese sumco, the China-Taiwan cyclopedia (globalwafers), the German World Genesis (siltronic), and the Korea-Kyot.
In 2021, the global semiconductor silicon portfolio reached 14.16 billion square inches, and the silicon market reached $12.62 billion, a record high. The global semiconductor silicon silicon portfolio is expected to climb to higher levels in 2022, amounting to 15.28 billion square inches.
The size of our semiconductor silicon market amounted to 11,914 million yuan a year, an increase of 24.04 per cent. Compared to the major international semiconductor silicon suppliers, the technology of semiconductor silicon enterprises in mainland China is weak, with a small market share, and there is still a significant difference between the level of technology and the control of good quality. According to the estimates, the domestic semiconductor silicon market in 2021 was still 13 billion.
The dollar is dependent on imports, and the national production replacement space is huge, and the market size is expected to be 13,828 million yuan in 2022. The domestic semiconductor silicon dragons, including the silicon industry, the central ring shares, the Liang Wei, the central crystals technology, accounted for 12.1% in 2020, 10.6% in 2020, and the company's semiconductor product is fully diversified and productive. At present, the company's 4-12 inch semiconductor silicon silicon is fully regulated.
The company has achieved full coverage of 8 inches and below, and has completed production of less than 28 nm and has the capacity to provide a full product series solution for global customers. By the end of the 22nd year, the company has achieved a full range of 6 inches and below 700,000 months, 8 inches and below, and 8 million pieces/months, 12 inches.
By 2025, the company will be investing in the expansion of 12 inches of silicone capacity, which will result in a significant increase in 12 inches of production from the acquisition of silicon cores, in addition to a first internal expansion of the central ring. The company will continue to invest in research and development, and the technology will continue to break down. The company will continue to break down its products around the application needs under the two-mort route.
It focuses on R & D inputs and ip, know-how management, transistors such as fz ultra-high, cz ultra-low, cz ultra-low-oxy, and transistor processing technologies such as 8-12 inches peri, rtp, ar-anneal have been recognized in the market. Currently, 6 inches and below are based on long-term technology, customer accumulation, and are important partners for mainstream domestic and foreign manufacturers; 8 inch output.
Goods technology and quality control capabilities can be used for internationally advanced manufacturers; 12 inches of products applied in storage and logical fields enter the production phase, and products applied in the area of specialty processes have become domestic. 3.2 Acquisition of core semiconductors to enhance competitive advantages
In January 2023, the Central Holding Company, with its limited lead semiconductor material, proposed to acquire 100% of the shares of the cylindrical semiconductor technology company, in the form of additional registered capital, which is now complete. The cylindrical semiconductor product is based on advanced production directions such as logical chips, storage chips, etc. The product terminals cover mobile communications, poop, etc.
The acquisition reflects the company's strategic objectives and plans in the semiconductor industry of “domestic leadership, global catch-up” to accelerate the upgrading of market ownership and to enhance the competitive advantage of semiconductor silicon manufacturing by increasing the size of production, product structure and technological R&D capabilities.
A 12-inch operation is well under way, with a strong union between the two sides. The core semiconductor is mainly engaged in 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor, silicone, which was first produced in October 2020. It has now achieved an 8 inch and 12 inches of silicone production capacity of 50,000 per month, and is expected to achieve a level of capacity of 600,000 in the future. The core semiconductor has internationalized experience in high-silicone volume production.
The technical team, which now has 12 inches of silicon, certified and signed a long list of major customers in mainland China, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, and the United States of America, has taken the lead in achieving a positive mass supply of international one-line crystal-crystal plant customers. This acquisition helped to boost the market position of the chain leading the way in integrated circuits with 12 inches of silicon, especially storage, logical circuits with light silicon.
The ring leads the overall income scale and the production of 12 inches of semiconductor silicone jumped to industry leadership, taking a faster 12-inch semiconductor silicon market. (1) Photovoltaic silicone business
Based on existing plans, the company ' s silicon production capacity will be upgraded to 180gw by the end of 23 years, and in anticipation of continued expansion of the company in view of the continued increase in the need for the subsequent photovoltaics, it is expected that the company ' s photovoltaic silicon portfolio will reach 120/10/1990gw in 2023-2025. In recent years, the company ' s dynamic component operations, active overseas channels, and rapid increase in the size of the winning bid for the national open tender are expected.
(3) Other silicon material (semiconductor) operations. The company semiconductor silicon silicon production capacity is entering the rapid expansion phase, particularly in view of the further expansion of the market after receiving the silicon core, and revenue from other silicon material operations is expected to reach 48.97/73.46/95.5 billion yuan in 2023-25, with a Māori rate of 25.25 per cent.25 per cent.
For the first time, the company is rated as “enhanced”. The company's industry is photovoltaic silicon and its components, and we have chosen Lungi Green, a leading producer in the silicon industry, and a short-term benefit from high-quality graphite sand and sand storage, and a long-term benefit from a non-silicon cost lead. In addition, it is expected that the company's overseas expansion will lead the competitor in terms of capacity and rhythm, with 23-25 years of companype, respectively.
Downstream demand is less than expected: downstream demand in the sector may be influenced by macroeconomics, international politics, and so on, as follows: Downstream demand is less than anticipated, and may affect the landscape of the industrial chain and the performance of listed companies. Price volatility risks in industrial chain materials: prices are closely linked up and down in the new energy sector, such as price volatility in the industrial chain.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.