tcl tclzhonghuanrenewableenerytechnoroy(002129ch) for the first time covers: silicon taps continue to have a strong edge and integration expands into the future.
The focus on investmentfocus shows a remarkable performance during the quarter, with revenues and profits increasing by 31.8 per cent/71.9 per cent, respectively, and a significant increase in industry performance. The company’s productive capacity continues to be released, with q1 producing 25gw silicon chips.
By the end of the quarter, the company's capacity was raised to 150gw, an increase of 7% compared to last year's. The company's production of the components was simultaneously distributed, and the market for the rim components was moving steadily. We look forward to increasing the price of silicon this year.
The profit rate will continue to rise at the level of 12.8% of 23q1 due to the division of silicon producers. A quarter of silicon is a time when the firm’s appeal rises significantly.
With this year's rise in capacity and the acceleration of the penetration of large-scale silicon tablets, it is now expected that the company will maintain a peak level of silicon output throughout the year. We expect to deliver 110-120gw throughout the year.
The fall in silicon prices has led to a decline in the cost base and a marked increase in profitability. The silica reserves are highly resource-rich, and there is no fear of a shortage of materials.
The three major producers of electricity and Jiang Solong have a deep partnership. The most sophisticated of these are the crystals, which have a long-term partnership, and which can provide some of the advantages in terms of stable resources, security and prices. We look forward to a change in the production of high-purity quartz sands overseas.
In front of the Bureau of Shortfalls, the company’s resources are sufficient to ensure that the maximum start-up rate in the industry and the limited integration of the company continues, with the US component manufacturer, maxeon, coming forward. In 2019, the company entered the French energy giant, Duddall’s Photovoltaic Component Company.
At present, maxeon will become a bridgehead for limited integration based on the advanced maxeon technological combination of large-scale silicon tablets. The price is 11.0/10.4.8.9 times the price, respectively.
The fastest-growing markets are expected to land early in 25 years, and companies will also enjoy a high profile by virtue of their technical and resource advantages. Based on the current overall performance of the plate and the company’s history, coverage is given for the first time to “better than the big market.”
Risks: rapid expansion of players in the industry, with higher than expected competition; accelerated capacity of downstream integration plants to build silicon tablets themselves; slower overall demand in the photovoltaic sector.