The Medico-Health Research Centre (MHRC) net profit return of 4.06 billion yuan, a 70.4 per cent increase in the same year, and income and profits both maintained strong growth. Billion dollars, a 47.0 per cent increase in the same year, we expect: 1) the front end small molecule drug discovery business to remain high.
The rate of increase was about 43.2% over the same period; 2) back-end process R & D and production continued to follow the molecular strategy and build integrated end-to-end service capacity by 50 per cent over the same period. In addition, wuxi setting and wuxibiology both maintained strong growth, achieving income of $4.53 million and $1.99 billion, respectively
1. New Productive Capabilities, with cgt becoming a good business, growing by 38.0 per cent and 30.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with full growth potential for wuxiatu and wuxiddsu. In 2021, wuxiatu achieved income.
2. Super-expected performance and accelerated growth of innovation poles - $10.3 billion, a 2.8 per cent decline over the same period, was due mainly to the rapid growth of business income in China District (+87 per cent) over the same period, compensating for the delayed submission of applications from customers in the United States District Operations.
3. " The high landscape of the plate, the cxo poles of accelerated growth -- the meds of medicine " , which continues to grow in capacity-building, with rapid expansion of production capacity, full orders (domestic & overseas), pre-cond company review, 2021.8.4.
Wuxiddsu achieved $1.25 billion in revenue, an increase of 17.5% over the same period, and net interest rates and roe are expected to continue to rise as the project pipeline continues to advance in the long term.
The demand for domestic pharmaceutical innovation services has risen, the country’s cxo industry as a whole has maintained a high profile, the company is a leader in the industry, the integrated platform has a clear edge, and future growth is more certain. Given the continuing high expectations of such operations as chemical plates, we have increased our net profit from 2021-2023.
The new crown epidemic increases risks, orders are not executed as much as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, loss of nuclear technologists, protection risks, investment risks, exchange rate volatility risks, increased prices of raw materials, safe production and environmental risks.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment