Pharmacy Condé: Super-expected performance, five blocks of a row together, 19/01 2022 Research Assistant: Ye Peach
On January 18, 2022, Pharmacy Condé issued a performance forecast for 2021: the company is expected to achieve it throughout the year.
Super-expected performance, especially profit performance, income end ring improvement trend expected to continue throughout the year. 3. Drug Ming Cond (603259): net gains from accounting changes
On a quarterly basis, q4 is expected to achieve income of $6,298 million - $6,381 million, yielding a single-quarter income, generating significant gains, and looking at the cdmo lead in cellular therapy 4. Pharmacy Ming Conde (603259): new clients and orders remain strong.
Via, cdmo's funnel effect is elastic.
Mainly thanks to the continuous improvement in the efficiency of the operation, which has allowed for a combination of scale effects and rapid growth in each of the five main panels, 1. wuxichemistry: continued expansion of the main tubes of the integrated crdmo platform and new capacity-building
In terms of new capacity platforms, the number of clients of oligonaic acids and polyglyphs grew by 128% over the year, the number of molecules grew by 154% over the same year, with a “strong” increase. With the new product gradually coming into use in the second half of 2022, cdmo production is expected to rise again.
2Wuxitting: Asia-Pacific's largest laboratory analysis and testing platform, we expect or will achieve income of $4.5 billion, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, accounting for about 20 per cent of corporate revenue.
165,000 flat laboratories (+50 per cent), 750 animal houses (+67 per cent), the largest experiment in the Asia-Pacific region 3) wuxibiology: the world's largest discovery biological empowerment platform, we expect or will achieve 2 billion yuan, a 33 per cent increase over the same period, accounting for about 8.7 per cent of the company's total revenue.
The company, with its 2100+ biologists and R & D managers, the world ' s largest discovery bioenabling platform, earned 70 per cent of its revenue in 2021 from the share of clients who used both wuxichemistry and wuxibiology services, and synergies were remarkable.
4) wuxiatu: Continuous expansion of the integrated ctdmo platform support tube line Division has achieved a global production profile for cytogenetic therapy, currently 53 pre-clinical and clinical i phase projects in the pipeline, 8 clinical ii phase 11 clinical iii phase projects, 4 projects are on the way to submit their listing applications
5) wuxiddsu: milestone + sales share to win the success of the new drug. 232 projects were in progress on December 31, 2021 and 144 projects are in the ind declaration phase.
70% + project R & D progress is in the top three positions in China. Investment proposal: companies continuously optimize and exploit business synergies across platforms and accelerate the pace of globalization, \triangleright
Continue to strengthen the company's unique integrated crdmo+ctdmo business model, from “following the project” to “following the drug molecule” and expanding services. Short-term chemical + detection + biological maintenance increases \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.