Researchchand developmentcenter over-expected growth and a strong leader
— Pharmacy 603259, company review report 1. Strong and strong performance, strong and strong cdmo. 2. High and sustained performance growth, and sustained empowerment of integrated platforms.
Performance is above-expected growth, and the vanguard is strong \triangleright \trangleright \tracturing business plates and synergizing for good corporate development. 2021, small molecules.
\triangleright cdmo plate added 732 new molecules with 42 commercialization projects (o4+5) and 49 iii clinical periods (q4+2) with 39 clinical ii-q4+10, 2 clinical iii).
A total of 53 pre-clinic + i periods (q4+8), 8 clinical ii periods (q4+2); 11 clinical iii phase projects. A total of 26 ind (h2+10) and 23 cta (h2+11) were declared on ddsu plates. A total of 1 ind, 3 clinical iii periods (+2), 14 visitation operations
The impact of the scale is further demonstrated by the company’s high level of demand and the company’s continued efforts to optimize operating efficiency and productivity utilization. On that day, the company disclosed at a medical health conference in j. pmorgan that the company’s drug discovery business was in China.
Markets were 54 per cent, pre-clinic +cro operations were 11 per cent in China, small molecules cdmo were 23 per cent in China and cgtcdmo was global share in circulationa (%)
Markets are 6.7%, the third largest in the world. Companies, guided by innovative R & D, adhere to the “integrated, end-to-end” global landscape, with a strong combination of competitiveness, driving long-term robust performance Profit forecasts: based on good corporate performance and quality, we expect a company to be in business 2021-2023.
Risk factors: the risk of declining demand for research and development inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, less than expected internationalization risks, risk of recurring global epidemics, competitive risks, policy risks, etc.
She is a member of the team and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Science and Medicine.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
The certificate, which is responsible for research in the field of vaccines, blood products, medicine and medicine, and research in the field of scientific services and small molecular innovation. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.