Medical Health Research Centre Tin-free Base has been audited through qp and wuxiatu has a large growth space. On March 24, drug Mind announced the production of gmp grade particles from the wuxiatu Tin-Free Base.
qc tests successfully passed the EUqp certification, marking the company’s ability to provide high-quality laptop and commercial product production and cmc services to global clients, thereby enabling global customers and new drug development. wuxiatu tinless bases successfully passed the qp audit. EU gmp first introduced qp in 1975.
The system, which is effective in ensuring that personnel at all levels of the enterprise perform quality duties, quality of medicines, and is one of the core elements of the EU gmp system.
The audit process covered quality management systems, stock-building and management of germ species, and the production of particles, in accordance with eudralexvoll4 (EUgmp) regulations and guidelines such as Ich. wuxiatu, which created a new global ctdmo model. wuxiatu as the drug’s meth contort cell and base.
Unique ctdmo (contract testing, development, production outsourcing services) was created as a result of the therapeutic business platform 3. " New production capabilities are coming into operation, cgt business is getting better business models that can better respond to the current testing, development and release complexity in the cgt field. "
The challenge is to effectively address the cost of scaling up production. In 2021, income was 1.03 billion yuan, a 2.8 per cent decline in the same year. Of this, China’s business income grew by 87 per cent in the same year, partially mitigating the United States.
It's growing faster and more rapidly. Wuxiatu has a lot of research in Canter, 2021.8.4 pipes, 58 pre-clinical and first clinical projects, 5 second-stage clinical projects, 11 third-stage clinical items.
In addition, the company has been strengthening its capacity and capacity-building, with 153,000 square metres in Shanghai and 13,000 square metres in Philadelphia, the United States, operating in October-November 2021.
The new crown epidemic increases risks, orders are not executed as much as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, loss of nuclear technologists, ip protection risks, investment risks, exchange rate fluctuations, and price increases for raw materials.
Risks, safe production and environmental risks. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment