Pharmacy (603259) Annual Report 2021: High performance growth, promising outlook
Industry classification: pharmaceutical biology Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies net profits net of non-recurring gains and losses Strong growth in core business offsets negative effects. Corporateization during the reporting period
Operating income was $14,082,722.02 million, an increase of 46.93 per cent over the same period last year; it was 2.99 percentage points lower than in the same period last year. ctdmo earned 3.11 percentage points. Overseas business accounts for a larger share of the company ' s operating income structure.
Corporate Māori rates have declined overall, but both chemical, test and biological operations have experienced strong growth, driving the company ' s overall performance to a high rate, as a result of multiple factors such as the depreciation of the United States dollar and higher prices for upstream raw materials.
In the chemical sector, the company accelerated the expansion of production capacity during the reporting period, with the production of the Changzhou II, Tae-hing, tin-free oral and sterile irrigation formulation plants, while the Chang-zhou III, Tae-hing I,
In the United States, such expansions as in the state of Delaware have continued; the company acquired the Swiss factory Kuway during the reporting period to further expand its chemical industry capacity, and in 2022 the chemical industry will probably double the rate of expansion.
In the case of ctdmo, the company completes the acquisition of the UK oxgene, enhances the competitive advantage of the ctdmo business, and the ctdmo business may be profitable in reverse.
The long-term competitive advantage is provided by the technical capabilities of the air-carrying building SMS. During the reporting period, the company ' s R & D capacity continued to increase, with R & D costs reaching 942,241.9 million.
The cost advantages of the company's added-up technology platform input, and the development of integrated services will be further highlighted to build a firm's core competitive advantage. cdmo/cro leads, the “integrated” platform has clear advantages, the cxo industry relies on orders to drive performance growth, and the company has orders in hand.