Cxo leads to beautiful responses and strong growth continues on 24 March 2022 Research Assistant Ye Peach
\triangleright 1.2021 Performance forecast rating: Pharmacy Condé: $4.064 billion in net profit over performance, 70.38 per cent higher than the previous year.
\triangleright 2. Drug Myung Cond (603259) semi-annual performance forecast 2021 based on the crdmo/ctdmo business model
According to the segment, the five major business portfolios have gone hand in hand. The assessment is that profits have continued to grow at a high rate, that the conglomerates have continued to be built, that demand for production services is strong and that companies are expected to double their 2021 growth rate.
Test services generated an income of $3.05 billion, an increase of approximately 38.93 per cent over the same year, a slight decline last year in medical instrumentation test plates in the United States, a 52 per cent increase in the analysis and detection of extra-medical drugs, and a $1.48 billion increase in clinical coro and smo.
Pre-clinic operations have been strengthened towards clinical cro flow. 4) Cell and gene therapy ctdmo operations (wuxiatu): 2022 will be a turning year, with the rapid growth of the treatment ctdmo of about 87 per cent compared to the previous year, partially easing the exposure of US sector operations.
The impact of the delay in submitting some of the customers’ listing applications was reduced by the rapid expansion of production capacity in late 2021, following the construction of 15,300 square metres of new technological development and commercial production in Shanghai and the expansion of 13,000 square metres in Philadelphia in the United States.
5) Ministry of New Medicines Development and Development Services (Wuxiddsu) in the country: Business will be upgraded in 2022 and will be upgraded in the year to meet clients ' requirements for new drug development services in the country, better products will be developed for clients, clients will be more motivated to drive clinical trials, and drugs will be approved more quickly.
\triangleright 2021 had a net profit rate of 22% (+4pt) and a non-net profit rate of 18% (+4pt), the principal
The economies of scale have been further enhanced by the continuous improvement in the efficiency of operations, which has led to a sustained increase in the use of capacity. In 2022, companies increased their capital spending by an estimated RMB 9-10 billion, while promoting the construction and internationalization of domestic R & D production facilities.
Investment proposals: The company continuously optimizes and exploits business synergies across platforms and accelerates the pace of globalization, continuously strengthens the company's unique and integrated crdmo+ctdmo business model, from “following the project” to “following the drug molecule”, expanding its services. Short-term chemical + detection + biological maintenance increases.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.