On March 9, Pharmacén Condé issued an announcement, with an increase in hand orders and sales revenues in January-February 2022.
January-February’s performance is impressive, with high innovation in hand orders and sales earnings.
Process integration, end-to-end services. Company orders and business performance in January-February 2022 were impressive, with high industry performance on the one hand, and an international competitive edge and alpha growth on the other.
Five major business sectors continue to be empowered, and companies continue to operate well. wuxichemistry continues to build up a physical-to-end service capacity, order demands are strong, the pipeline as a whole accelerates, the overall growth is maintained at a high rate, and looks forward to the year 2022 oligo&peptide (the business is expected to grow by more than 100%),
Businesses such as wuxitting and wuxibiogy continue their third quarterly review of Mingkund, with a strong growth trend, especially in pre-clinical development of business orders and income growth. wuxiatu
The wuxiddsu pipeline is well advanced, and the first project is expected to enter the commercial phase in 2022, generating a certain share of sales.
With global industrial shifts and industrial upgrading, demand for medical innovation services abroad has continued to thrive. Moreover, demand for pharmaceutical innovation services has risen in China’s indigenous medicine industry, and the country’s cxo industry as a whole has maintained a high profile.
Industry leaders, new and in-house orders, firm performance in the future, the future of the company, the risk of a new crown epidemic that exacerbates risks, the risk of failure to execute orders, the risk of overseas regulation, the risk of release, the risk of loss of nuclear technologists, the risk of ip protection, the risk of investment, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the price increase of raw materials
Risks, safe production and environmental risks. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment