On March 10, 2022, the company's core business continued to grow.
Chemical operations (wuxichemistry) have continued to build “integrated, end-to-end” crdmo (contract research, development and production organization) with high demand for orders. Chemical operations are expected to have nearly doubled in 2022, and test operations and biology have continued to grow in recent years.
Cell and gene therapy ctdmo operations are expected to outpace industry growth, and the National Department of New Pharmacy Research and Development Services has upgraded to meet the higher demand from clients for new drug research and development services in the country, which is expected to result in a certain decline in income.
The company will continue to upgrade its service capabilities. The company will further strengthen its service capabilities for new molecule types such as protac, oligonucleic acid, multipolymeric, anti-coupled drug (adc), dual resistance, cellular and gene therapy, and seize new business opportunities to enable global medical innovation.
It also seeks to make early use of new medicines in research and development processes by exploring cutting-edge technologies, including artificial intelligence, big medical data and automated laboratories, to help clients improve their research and development efficiency and to minimize the threshold for research and development of new drugs.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading global cxo enterprise, constantly optimizing and exploiting cross-platform synergies and accelerating the pace of globalization, continuously strengthening the company ' s unique integrated crdmo (joint research, development and production) business model and providing a truly one-stop shop to meet clients
I'm an independent and objective person with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and with a diligent professional attitude, and with a professional attitude.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.