Wallipcapital (600741ch)
China's auto spare parts company reports a narrow decline in clean profits in the third quarter of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company accumulated $105,596 million in real business revenue, down 11.11 per cent from the same period, at the target price of cny26 (+4 per cent).
The impact of investment earnings, among other things, has been a decline in net profits of the first three quarters attributable to shareholders, net of extraordinary losses, and a decline in the same rate of revenues of ordinary shareholders (million shares): 3rd quarter revenues of $35.33 billion, a decrease of 5.75 per cent, a positive gain of $1,563 million for mothers, basically.
The first three quarters of the company's top client group dropped by 16.0 per cent, but it benefited from the restructuring of the client structure (upcrowds, higher share) and the drive of overseas businesses (overcrowding overseas), and the decline in revenue from the Chinese automobiles was better than that of the main customer.
The upper-mortality conglomerates, basically equal to the industry. In the third quarter of the industry, the proceeds of the interior/functional/metaforming and modelling/electronic appliances are recorded at $253/71/27/1060 million (-3.1%/-6.2%/-8.8%/+2%), with a clean profit distribution.
The decline of 0.8 percentage points in the ring is due mainly to increased cost controls and increased investment in increasing competition due to national holiday holidays, maintenance of production and switching of the six products in some client countries. The decline in management and sales rates reflects the company’s continued reduction in capital controls.
The bottom line of the industry continues to intensify in order to safeguard long-term competition.
The company’s cash flow in the last three quarters was remarkablely good, with a net flow of $1.090 billion. The net cash flow in the run-up was $6,625 billion, an increase of 49.9 per cent.
Back to back with a strong upper-mortality group, the Chinese car competition for clients/researchers/network layouts/money shows that it has begun to score in the car industry’s development track of “electrification, networking, intelligence, sharing.” The subsidiary’s long-lined cars have won the full range of global business positions in the BMW5 and Ben-206 platforms; and China’s view.
The U.S. and U.S.A. have been assigned a number of business points, such as a wide-blown car light, a wide-blown Honda transfer system, and a T.S.T.T.C. battery cartridges and a combination of model cars under the flag, seating, and car decorations.
In the case of new developments such as car intelligence connectivity, electricization, etc., the company's 24ghz back towards the milligrams of millimetres of Boreda, the bulk supply of cars on board cars, Chase, etc., and 77ghz ahead of millimetres of millimetres of millimetres.
By means of a national law test, the bulk supply of the Golden Dragon passenger vehicle is now available. Businesses such as electric air-conditioning compressors, power transmissions, battery trays, etc., have gained access to a lot of big mabs, mqbs, a number of new power cars like General Bev3, 48v-generation hybrid cooler triggers, etc.
We believe that, in the context of intelligent/new energyization and increased consumption, future Chinese car products are expected to benefit from higher value-added prices. We expect each share of the company to be profitable in 2019-2020.
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Indoeventwillphiliduesbeliableforanispecial, incidact, cidentalcontributal dammageswichmaybeincurredroomuseoftheinformabilityorresearchadavaable, evenifitasbeenadviewofpossibilityofsuchdamages.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeliereduponasauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't think it's a good idea, but it's a good idea, not a good idea, not a good idea.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
2019 phillipsecurities (hongkong)
I'm not going to be able to do that.
phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rrafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd. kking and shaxsoncapitalld. kking and shaxsonltd.
15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849 silomroad, 3rdbroor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
"Live10, 330 Collinstreet level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong