比亚迪 BYD (002594 CH)
比亚迪“天神之眼”掀中国智能驾驶平权革命
BYD's "Eye of the Gods" Sparks a Revolution of Intelligent Driving for All in China
王沈昱 Oscar Wang, CFA
陈昊飞 Haofei Chen, PhD
王凯 Kai Wang, CFA
热点速评 Flash Analysis
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
2月10日晚,比亚迪在一场盛大发布会上大手笔地将旗下王朝、海洋共计21款车型全面升级为“高阶智驾”版,包
括售价仅7万元的海鸥,通过“加配不加价”的战略创新,打破了传统价格战的局限,实现智驾功能的大幅下沉。
“天神之眼”推动产业链价值重估。比亚迪 2025 年“智驾平权”战略从消息面看酝酿已久,发布会内容相对符合预
期,但舆情面仍超预期。比亚迪成功摆脱了过去对供应商方案的依赖,通过迅速扩充至超 5000 人的智驾研发团
队，全力推进全栈自研，迅速缩小与智驾行业一流企业之间的差距。智驾平权将掀起 2025 年中国汽车市场主流产
品综合性价比的激烈竞争，并进一步降低智驾技术门槛。我们认为，智驾平权与技术加速迭代的大趋势早在去年
便已初露端倪，在特斯拉 FSD 谋求入华及 L3 智驾法规逐步放开的催化下，高阶智驾的渗透率已显著提升。比亚迪
全系升级“天神之眼”不仅促使以智能化为卖点的新势力车企拿出真本事,力争在 2025 年实现真正 L3 级智驾的落
地,也倒逼整个行业加大对智驾软硬件的投入,推动国内智能驾驶产业链价值重估。
从智驾平权到数据霸权。“智驾平权”的背后，车企必须在算法迭代、数据闭环与用户体验上构筑全新壁垒。据我们
初步测算,若比亚迪今年有50%销售车型搭载最新“天神之眼”方案,则全年至少有275万辆新车将实现高速 NOA及
以上智驾技术。这一举措不仅打造了中国最大的车云数据库,还通过“影子模式”实时采集真实路况海量数据并回
传,形成飞轮效应,驱动端到端大模型迭代升级。目前每日新增训练里程已达7200万公里,预计到2025年底将突
破 1.5 亿公里，接近特斯拉 2024 年末的日均训练水平。我们认为，比亚迪有望在 12 至 18 个月内完成全系智驾版
本切换,庞大数据量为端到端模型训练提供充沛燃料,形成“数据-算法-体验”的闭环优势。
供应链受益中高阶智驾市场空间打开确定性，建议关注智能驾驶增量零部件。硬件层面增量主要来自于 1)
100TOPS 以上域控制器,建议关注本土智驾车端芯片相关标的地平线机器人、黑芝麻智能,域控制器集成制相关标
的德赛西威、均胜电子、知行汽车科技; 2) 感知传感器，建议关注车载高清摄像头相关标的舜宇光学、联创电子
等，高算力平台增量传感器激光雷达相关标的禾赛科技、速腾聚创; 3) 线控底盘，建议关注拓普集团、伯特利、
保隆科技、耐世特。
软件层面，在中算力平台（高速 NOA）上算法架构还是多段式/Rule-based 和“BEV+Transformer+OCC”为主，多数
Tier1 供应商能力足够，因此在算法供应商层面，由于部分整车厂当前自研能力不足或车型多而适配效率不足，利
好具备相应能力的 Tier1 供应商。
汽车销量不及预期,智驾车型迭代进度不及预期,竞争加剧风险。
Summary
Event
On the evening of February 10, BYD, in a grand launch event, comprehensively upgraded 21 models across its Dynasty and Ocean
series to the "Advanced Intelligent Driving" version, including the Seagull, priced at only Rmb70,000 level. Through the strategic
innovation of "more features, same price," it broke the limitations of traditional price wars and significantly lowered the barrier
to entry for intelligent driving functions.
Comments
"God's Eye" Drives Revaluation of Industrial Chain Value. BYD's "Intelligent Driving for All" strategy for 2025 has been brewing
for a long time from a news perspective. While the content of the launch event was relatively in line with expectations, public
sentiment exceeded expectations. BYD has successfully broken away from its past reliance on supplier solutions. By rapidly
expanding its intelligent driving R&D team to over 5,000 people, it is fully promoting full-stack self-research, rapidly narrowing the
gap with leading companies in the intelligent driving industry. Intelligent driving for all will trigger fierce competition in the Chinese
automobile market in 2025 for the comprehensive cost-effectiveness of mainstream products, and further lower the technological
threshold for intelligent driving. We believe that the general trend of intelligent driving for all and accelerated technological
iteration had already begun to emerge last year. Under the catalyst of Tesla's FSD seeking entry into China and the gradual
relaxation of L3 intelligent driving regulations, the penetration rate of high-level intelligent driving has significantly increased.
BYD's full-line upgrade of the "God's Eye" not only prompts new car companies that use intelligence as a selling point to show their
true capabilities and strive to achieve the implementation of true L3-level intelligent driving in 2025, but also forces the entire
industry to increase investment in intelligent driving software and hardware, promoting the revaluation of the domestic intelligent
driving industry chain.
From "Intelligent Driving for All" to "Data Hegemony". Behind the concept of "Intelligent Driving for All," car companies must
build new barriers in algorithm iteration, data closed-loops, and user experience. According to our preliminary estimates, if 50%
of BYD's sales models this year are equipped with the latest "God's Eye" solution, then at least 2.75 million new cars will achieve
high-speed NOA and above intelligent driving technology throughout the year. This move not only creates China's largest car cloud
database, but also collects massive amounts of real-world data in real time through the "shadow mode" and feeds it back, forming
a flywheel effect and driving the iterative upgrade of end-to-end large models. The current daily increase in training mileage has
reached 72 million km, and is expected to exceed 150 million km by the end of 2025, approaching Tesla's average daily training
level at the end of 2024. We believe that BYD is expected to complete the full-line intelligent driving version switch within 12 to
18 months. The massive amount of data provides sufficient fuel for end-to-end model training, forming a closed-loop advantage
of "data-algorithm-experience."
The supply chain benefits from the certainty of the opening of the mid-to-high-end intelligent driving market space. We suggest
to pay attention to incremental components for intelligent driving. The hardware-level increment mainly comes from: 1) Domain
controllers above 100TOPS, we suggest to pay attention to local intelligent driving car-end chip-related targets Horizon Robotics
and Black Sesame Technologies, and domain controller integration-related targets Desay SV, Joyson Electronics, and iMotion
Automotive Technology. 2) Perception sensors, we suggest to pay attention to vehicle-mounted high-definition camera-related
targets Sunny Optical and Lianchuang Electronics, and high-computing power platform incremental sensor lidar-related targets
Hesai Technology and RoboSense. 3) Steer-by-wire chassis, we suggest to pay attention to Tuopu Group, Bethel, Baolong
Technology, and Nexteer.
On the software side, on medium computing power platforms (high-speed NOA), the algorithm architecture is still mainly multi-
segment/rule-based and "BEV+Transformer+OCC." Most Tier 1 suppliers have sufficient capabilities. Therefore, at the algorithm
supplier level, due to the current insufficient self-research capabilities of some OEMs or the insufficient adaptation efficiency due
to the large number of models, it is beneficial to Tier 1 suppliers with corresponding capabilities.
Risks
Car sales fall short of expectations; the iteration progress of intelligent driving models falls short of expectations; the risk of
increased competition.
附录 APPENDIX
重要信息披露