Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026) Transport
Events: Middle and Far Seas can publish the 2022 Quarterly Report. The company achieved operating income of $4.88 billion in three quarters, an increase of 54 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $490 million in non-return to the mother, a significant increase of 582.2 per cent in the same year, a cumulative revenue of $12.4 billion in the first three quarters of the company, an increase of 33.5 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $640 million in non-return to the mother.
The Russian-Turkish conflict, the energy sanctions imposed on Russia by countries like Europe and the United States, and the re-engineering of the global oil trade pattern to generate new transport needs.
The prices of finished oils increased in the Middle Sea; vlcc followed the recovery of the finished oils, three quarters of the crude oil transport market was on its way and prices accelerated, and td3c-tce (Middle East-China) averaged $25576 in three quarters.
• The company's ability to take advantage of opportunities and adjust its internal external trade capacity flexibly, resulting in significant improvements in market returns. In the first three quarters of the season, the company increased by 5.9% compared to the previous period; transport turnover (excluding lease terms) by 39,674 million nautical miles, compared with the same increase
In the third quarter of 2022, the company’s lng transport project accelerated its landing and contributed $580 million to the mother’s net profit, while at the end of September of this year, the company’s business was growing steadily.
The number of ships to be delivered has increased from 9 to 18 at the beginning of the year, and the number of ships to be delivered has expanded, leading China’s lang transport operations. Profit predictions and investment proposals: We see a number of factors that influence the high price of the foreign-trade oil transport market.
Equivalent market opportunities, flexible operations are expected to benefit from the cycle of the foreign trade oils market, companies are expected to benefit from medium- and long-range sea energy (600026): Intra-trade operations guarantee economic efficiency, and foreign-trade oil transport provides elastic performance
0.75, 0.92. We believe that the company’s focus on the two core sectors of tanker and eng transport will be able to reap stable benefits from lang’s transport operations and enjoy high operational elasticity from foreign trade, and that the harvest will maintain a high rate of growth and a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.