In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved a better performance of the company ' s strong recovery firm. In the first three quarters, the company ' s external trade oils were shipped.
Business achieved Māori yuan-$97 million, and domestic oil operations increased Māori RMB9.96 by 671.0% over the ring. As the US Gulf and the Middle East have increased their delivery tempo, Vlcc prices have recovered strongly since August 2022.
/The Sky margin has improved significantly. Given the time difference between scheduled loading and revenue recognition, vlcc takes about a month from scheduled loading to loading, another month from loading to unloading, the level of scheduled loading in four quarters is mainly reflected in the performance in January/February next year, and the performance in four quarters is quite counterproductive.
For the finished tankers, the shift in the oil trade route, the supply of diesel fuel, and the pressure to promote cross-regional trade have together contributed to the rise in the price of the finished oil, and companies have been active in allocating their capacity and seizing market opportunities. We believe that the four-quarterly finished tankers are expected to remain high.
(b) 2, low inventories and Europe's diesel deficit would support cross-regional arbitrage, resulting in trade activity and ship demand: 3, Saudi Arabian and Kuwaiti refineries could release more production in the fourth quarter.
Yes, more finished oil is expected to be sold from the Middle East to Europe, thus providing increased transport demand. One. There are currently no Vlcc orders delivered in 2025 or later.
Prices have fallen further. With increasing transport demand and low capacity, the basics of the tanker fleets have been improving, and while prices will fluctuate during the recovery, the industry is now in the process of accelerating the re-engineering of the oil trade, and the season of the season is worth a while.
In the first three quarters, ng transport contributed 575 million yuan to the mother ' s net profit. In the first half of the year, the world ' s leading countries exported about 198 million tons, an increase of about 3.5 per cent over the same period in 2021.
Political conflict has intensified, and demand for lang has surged in the European region. Meanwhile, demand for ng trade has continued to rise, driven by global carbon-reduction policies, ng export projects have increased and new growth spa has opened up a new round of development opportunities for ng transport, and companies have seized the opportunity for traders to sign long-term compacts.
In addition, the new lang transport project has accelerated the pace of landing, and by the end of September 2022, the number of eng shipping vessels to be delivered by this group had increased from 9 to 18 at the beginning of the year, and the lang business map does not believe that the oil industry is doing well.
The first tanker fleet, with a good fleet size and a fleet structure that combines domestic and foreign trade, is expected to continue to benefit from the high profile of oil shipments. At the same time, lang’s operations have gradually become the second-largest growth curve of companies’ global economic recovery; the risk of security accidents; and the risk of volatile fuel prices.
The data used in the present report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.