Mid-Sea Energy (600026) Transport shipping ports Middle-Sea Energy q3 quarterly report and performance statement will be evaluated, with a major cycle of oil tanker fluctuations.
The company’s performance statement on 14th of the company’s participation in the Passing Track Centre mentioned that the current rent level of Vlcc was close to $80,000 per day, and that the market’s supply and demand base was healthier.
The world is ranked first in size, providing global-renowned oil companies with logistics solutions such as imported, transited and trans-shipped exports. 1, oilboard blocks, with $11.42 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 37 per cent over the previous three quarters; and Māori.
Māori for foreign-trade oil transport is –97 million yuan. Although the current rental rate for tankers is already at a higher level than at the beginning of the year, at a higher level than the total market value/flow (million yuan), we are still looking at the performance of the oil transport market in the fourth quarter of this year and next year.
2. In the first three quarters, the transport plate contributed $575 million to the mother ' s net profit. The company was involved in the construction of 62 eng vessels, all of which were project vessels, 39 of which were in operation and 23 were on hand orders.
The combined growth rate of 5.7 per cent was significantly lower in the single season than in the same quarter, resulting in a gross gain of RMB 330 million in the q3 quarter.
4. In the future, geopolitical games have led to changes in demand at the end of oil consumption, thus driving a shift in the route of trade in petro-oil, culminating in growth expectations for tanker transport plates. Moreover, the level of oil stocks globally will affect future oil transport requirements.
With the introduction of a price-limit policy on Russian oil, both the maritime trade in oil products and the range of oil shipments have been affected. But oil consumption, with its fresh-demand properties or the potential to push up the profile of the oil-carrying industry, has led to a weekly dilution of geopolitical risks and a global economic downturn that has led to a more than anticipated decline in demand for crude oil.
The Middle-Sea Energy q3 Quarterly and Performance Statement will be evaluated.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.