The Grand Bank reported in 2024 that capital is going up further, Zhang Xiaohui, and at the end of the day, the Grand Bank's assets totalled $6.96 trillion, an increase of 2.75 per cent from the end of 2023.
Growth has increased. Big banks have solidly served the real economy, financial “five big articles”, technology, finance, a “five-strong” support system that matches the full life-cycle development requirements of technology-based enterprises. In late 2024, the balance of loans from technology-based enterprises was $379,526 million, an increase.
42.06%. With regard to green finance, the Green Financial Spectrum, “Traditional Credit + Various Types of Green Financial Innovative Products”, was created in late 2024, with a green loan balance of $442.443 million, an increase of 41.01%. fpa, aum, gmv maintained growth, with a financial management of 1.6 trillion yuan.
At the end of the row, 9bp was influenced mainly by the many downswings in lpr, which led to high pricing of loan interest rates, lower interest rates on new loans granted by supporting entities, adjustment of interest rates on stock housing loans, etc. 2024 Debt structure, active exploration of new business paths, improvement of management of volume operations, etc. 2024
Main trading owner clearing activities to facilitate the deposition and optimization of the incremental structure of the flow capital and to reduce deposits to \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
At the end of 2024, big banks had a poor loan rate of 1.25 per cent, which was the same as at the end of 2023; the rate of interest-type loans was 1.84 per cent, compared with 1.84 per cent.
At the end of 2023, in Beijing, Beijing, the gold tower No. 127, Wumenxi Street A, was flat. 180.6% coverage was higher than at the end of 2024q3.
Risk response capacity. Big bank capital is further consolidated, with core-level capital adequacy, first-level capital adequacy, capital adequacy 9.82 per cent, 11.98 per cent, 14.13 per cent, and more profitable projections: Big Bank actively promotes integrated public and private business development, focusing on wealth management.
:: Risk factors: risks associated with business transformation; tightening regulatory policies; downside risk of economic growth; figure 2: net income differentials are on a downward trend
1: Net profit growth is stable 3. Scales are rising (billions of yuan) Figure 5: Non-performing loan rate is flat
Figure 6: Ongoing capital adequacy at the core level, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, the relevant external environment, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.