Addressing risk packs, transitioning to light capital - Chinese Bank ' s 2019 Annual Report Review 27/03.2020
The annual profits are reported to have decreased slightly, and the double-digit growth in revenue is consistent with the company’s annual and fast-track performance. In 2019, the company’s net profit return grew by 7.87% compared to the previous three quarters (by 10.74%) and the corresponding increase by 13.79% (by 17.30% in the first half of the year).
The company's profits increased slightly throughout the year compared to the previous three quarters, mainly because of the increased write-off treatment of non-performing loans in 2019q4. Non-performing loans achieved a “double drop” of non-performing loans. The non-performing loan rate was 1.65 per cent, with a significant decline in the ring ratio of 7bp. Non-performing loan balances Loans downgraded to non-performing loans with more than two months overdue.
Non-performing loans fell by 25.10% in the second half of 2019, leading to an overall decline in public-deficiency rates of 4bp to 2.60%. One person ' s default rate fell by 2bp to 0.88%. Of these, the negative rate for more exposed credit card loans remained stable at 1.74% at the end of the second half of the year.
The risk of stock-delayed loans is properly addressed by the fall in the rate of return on loans and a narrow increase in interest differentials. The company reported in 2019 that it adjusted its caliber to shift credit card instalments from non-interest income to interest income.
Net interest differentials of 2.12 per cent, compared to a 3bp increase in the previous year ' s calibre of 2.09 per cent, were narrower than the first half of the year. Net interest differentials increased by 7bp in the first half of the year. Shorter interest differentials were mainly affected by lower loan yields. Loan returns were 5.05 per cent for the year, a decrease of 5bp.
Lowers 63bp. Perhaps because of a preference for public loans to lower-risk industries, with rental and commercial services, the water environment, and public facilities management lending growing faster. Individual loan interest rates are raised by 10bp a year, which is a narrow increase from the first half of the year. Credit card loans are expected to be down to 16.31% by the end of the year, with a similar rate of growth for each loan.
The contribution to public loan restructuring to the rate of return on interest-bearing assets will diminish in 2020. The end-of-the-year cost of interest-bearing liabilities will decrease by 2 bp over the first half of the year, with interest-bearing interest rates below the end of the debt.
Corporate liabilities + bonds payable are higher at about 33%. The next step in this year will continue to ease the pressure on corporate debt costs. Deposit rates are more rigid, increasing from 2 bp to 2.08% in the first half of the year.
• The emphasis on light capital strategies, the aum rapid expansion of core capital of the company, showed a slight strain. The capital adequacy rate at the core level of 2019q4 fell from 8.76 per cent at the end of the last season to 8.69 per cent. Because the $40 billion in long-term debt issued by 2019q4 and the $40 billion priority share in the push are supplemented by first-level capital.
So the external nature of core capital supplements depends mainly on the 40 billion yuan worth of convertable equity. Under the tight capital constraints, the Department emphasizes the path of capital pooling, and future off-the-shelf developments are expected.
Up to 24%, up to 42,000 households. And the subsidiary was approved in December last year, and the management business gained a new grip. After settling the stock risk load, it was lightly installed along the light capital route, and the management business is expected to rise to new ground this year, so we expect the $40 billion priority share to arrive this year, together with the expected or achievable foreclosure conditions for next year's debt swaps.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.