The company's net profit in 2019 grew by 7.87 per cent (a 10.74 per cent increase in the previous three quarters).
13.79 per cent long (17.30 per cent increase in the first half of the year). Annually weighted roe 11.07 per cent (12.55 per cent in the previous three quarters), negative rates decreased and provision for coverage stabilized \triangleright
The profit growth rate was slightly lower than in the previous three quarters, mainly because companies increased their treatment of non-performing loans in q4. We measured an increase of 1.28 pct to 2.67% in the q4 non-performing loan generation ring. On the basis of the profit stability pegs, the active consolidation of asset quality is conducive to the company’s lightening. The non-performing loan target continues to improve.
Compared to the depth of 300, the unit has a small margin of interest, and the non-interest business is expected to be a bright spot.
The rate of output growth rose from 10.18 per cent to 11.23 per cent at the end of the last season, continuing to push business income up by double digits. The decline in net interest differentials is within expectations as a result of weak loan demand. Since there is room for corporate interest rates and corporate debt is higher this year, we expect the net difference to remain a comparative advantage.
On the non-interest side, companies continued to increase credit card lending in 2019, and the late-reflected bank card revenues are expected to grow at a high rate by 2020. And the subsidiaries of finance under the banner have been approved in December.
In December, the company's $40 billion of long-term debt was successfully released. We expect that the $40 billion priority shares will also fall this year, and next year's swap is expected to meet the conditions for redemption, and there is already a turning point in terms of capital.
The asset structure continues to be adjusted to achieve a performance boost in interest differentials Price-raising supports the spread of interest differentials on a quarterly basis and is responsible for research on the direction of the banking and non-banking sectors.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.