The net profits and the growth rate of the Chinese Bank in 2019 were slower than in the previous three quarters, and we expect the four-quarter cutbacks to be an important factor. The company speeded up the clean-up of its stock, the four-quarter failure rate.
There has been a marked decline, and there has been an improvement in forward-looking indicators of asset quality, but given the short-term impact of the epidemic on the economy, we believe that the quality of corporate assets needs to be further observed. Keeping up the rating increases.
The four-quarter profit growth rate slowed and fee revenue continued to rise rapidly The net profit of the Bank increased by 7.87 per cent in 2019 compared to the previous three quarters (10.7 per cent) and slowed by about 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters, with business income also slowing down compared to the previous three quarters (17.3 per cent) (13.8 per cent).
We believe that the downside of the growth rate in the central bank may be affected by a four-quarter interest gap. Companies’ fees and fees continue to increase rapidly, with a 25.34 per cent increase in the rate of fees and charges under the new calculus, leading to a comparison of non-interest income, benefiting from low market interest rates and a further drop in the cost of the end of the debt.
At the same time, economic downward pressure has increased and demand for effective credit has become more scarce; (2) corporate lending has increased in the fourth quarter. At the end of the debt cycle, companies continue to fall down at the end of their debt, benefiting from a low-market interest rate environment.
At the end of the fourth quarter, the company had a negative loan rate of 1.65 per cent, down from 7bp at the end of the third quarter, and a reduction of 10bp from the firm's write-off disposal effort at the end of the second half of the year. However, given the impact of the first quarter epidemic on the economy, we believe that it still needs to be closed.
Average industry, higher valuation security, higher ratings maintained. Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Corporate operating income increased by +13.79 per cent, with interest net revenue increased by +12.72 per cent and fees net revenue by +25.34 per cent.
As a result of the company’s 2019 adjustment of fees and credit cards, cash instalments were recategorized to interest income, which made it impossible to compare the increase in interest income with the increase in fees and fees throughout the year with the previous three quarters. But, in view of industry trends, the performance of fees and fees since 2019 has improved, and we believe that it is possible to lower the rate of revenue in Sino-Bank.
The company’s revenue from fees has been increasing rapidly, with a 25.34% increase in fees under the new calculus compared to the previous 52% increase. In recent years, the company has pushed for a retail transition, with retail contributions rising further, with retail line receipts and pre-tax profit ratios in 2019 deepening the retail transition and increasing retail contributions.
Companies have accelerated their retail transition in recent years, sharpening their retail customer base, optimizing their niche product systems, and promoting rapid growth in retail performance. At the end of 2019, companies retailed hundreds of millions of customers, with a cumulative credit card volume of about 16.26 million more than in 2018. Corporate assets. Annual retail line revenue and pre-tax profit ratios were 38 per cent, 34.7 per cent, and 3.1 and 4.1 percentage points higher than in 2018.
Benefiting from low market-based interest rates, the end-of-the-life cost rate is further down, at 4.48% per year, and the end-of-the-debt cost is between 4bp and 2.44% lower than in 2018. The caliber adjustment makes a single-season spread difficult to measure, but we believe that the following factors may lead to a decline in the asset end-of-the-life rate of the company in the fourth quarter: (1) policy and macroeconomic factors:
4-quarter lpr reforms advanced further, with economic downside pressures and poorer demand for effective credit; (2) asset structure factors: The growth of the company ' s size in 4-quarters has increased by 4.46 per cent over 3-quarters, but the growth of loans (1.18 per cent, qoq) has been slower than in the peer-to-peer asset category (18.6 per cent, respectively). At the end of the debt, it has benefited from the low-market interest rate environment.
The end-of-cycle cost rate of the Division’s liabilities continues to fall. According to our end-of-cycle measurements, the four-quarter end-of-cycle end-of-cycle cost rate is 2 bp below the three-quarter rate.
At the end of the quarter, the company had a negative loan rate of 1.65 per cent and a negative rate of 7bp at the end of the quarter, which was higher than the industry average, and was associated with an increase in write-off disposal by the Department of Public Affairs, with the company ' s loan write-off of $33 billion in the second half of the year, further up from the first half of the year (27.7 billion). At the beginning of the period, according to our final caliber, the negative production rate for the fourth quarter was 2.31 per cent, with a corresponding increase of 29/97bp.
In addition, the company has taken the initiative to restructure its credit structure and to increase the investment of retail resources that are less affected by economic fluctuations. In 2019, retail loans accounted for an increase of 2.15 percentage points to 43.29 per cent in comparison with 2018. The forward-looking indicators for the quality of corporate assets have improved, in 2019.
The Chinese Bank’s net profits and revenue growth for the entire year of 2019 were slower than in the first three quarters, and we expect the narrowness of the four-quarter spreads to be an important factor. The firm’s acceleration of the stock deficit, the marked decline in the four-quarter negative rate, and the improvement in forward-looking indicators of asset quality, however, taking into account the short-term impact of the first-quarter epidemic on the economy, we believe that the quality of the company’s assets has yet to be further observed.
Banks are more relevant to economic development as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. Large economic development influences the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting asset quality performance in the banking sector.
Downside, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank ' s assets, thereby affecting the bank ' s profitability.