The rate of growth slowed down, the rate went down, and the net profit and the rate of growth slowed down in 2019 compared to the previous three quarters, and we believe that, on the one hand, the effect of the lpr on the spread is gradually emerging and the four-quarter spread is expected to shrink from the three-quarter period.
On the other hand, the rate of growth of non-interest-bearing income affected by the base is expected to slow down. Companies value below industry average, keeping up the increase, taking into account the increasing effectiveness of their retailing strategies and the easing of asset quality pressures.
In 2019, the net profit of the Bank increased by 7.87 per cent over the previous three quarters (10.7 per cent) by about 2.8 percentage points, of which the company increased at the same rate (13.8 per cent) as in the previous three quarters.
With respect to interest income, the impact of the lpr reform on the asset-end rate of return became apparent in the fourth quarter, where the company ' s four-quarter interest differential was narrower than the three-quarter rate; with regard to non-interest income, which took into account base factors, the four-quarter fee income growth rate was slower than the three-quarter rate.
Data, such as detailed write-offs, are not yet in a position to judge the reasons for the decline in the negative rate; provision for coverage is heavier than for stock asset quality during the three-quarter period, but companies have advanced retail strategies in recent years to increase their exposure to the economy
Volatile retail resources are invested at a very high level, with active adjustment of credit structure, pressure on the high-prevalence sector credit ratio, and a reduction in the asset quality burden of the company.The divisional valuation is below the industry average, taking into account the growing effectiveness of the company’s retailing strategy and capital.
Reduction of pressure on product quality and maintenance of increased ratings. Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd.’s economic downside leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
In 2019, CSB published a fast-track performance report, a year-on-year net profit ratio of 7.87%, a year-on-year profit ratio of 13.79%, and a year-on-year increase of 7.87% in 2019, compared with the previous three quarters (10.7%), in which operating income increased at an equal rate of 13.8%, compared with the previous three quarters (17.3%). We believe that the slowdown in the company’s growth rate of interest differentials as well as the processing fees.
The company ' s non-performing loan rate at the end of the four seasons was 1.65 per cent, down from 7bp at the end of the three seasons, and was unable to determine the reasons for the decline due to the lack of detailed write-off data in the flash report; the provision covered between 0.43 percentage points and 175.3 per cent at the end of the three seasons.
While the stock asset quality load is heavy during the downswing period of the economy, in recent years the company has advanced its retail strategy by increasing the investment of zero resources that are less affected by economic fluctuations, while actively adjusting the credit structure, reducing credit ratios in poor high-rises industries, reducing the asset quality burden of the company, and slowing down the net profits of the Sino-Kink Bank throughout 2019 and the growth rate of revenue in the first three quarters, which we believe is due, on the one hand, to the interest differential between the Ipr and the Ipr.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Downside, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank’s assets, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.