Reorganisation is expected to be completed within the year, and the glitters are re-starting — the KAC evaluation report — the KAC (300114.sz)
A decline of 3.05 per cent over the same period; the net return on maternity was $103 million, an increase of 4.08 per cent over the same period. 2403 was a loss on the same year, and the Māori rate continued to improve as a result of a slowdown in global economic growth, insufficient domestic effective demand, and a policy adjustment in the airline military industry, with companies achieving operating income of $1,188 million in the previous three quarters of the company.
The sum of $370 million (youy+4.9 per cent, qoq-24.8 per cent) is a net gain of $19 million for the mother, which is a loss of $190 million for the same reason, and the increase is mainly due to the addition of a flight-related transaction to prepare for the later transfer of assets.
In addition, the company was granted registration on 5 August for a period of 12 months, and 100% of the Group’s assets were injected, which will result in a significant increase in the company’s profitability.
The complete equipment and the production of the Ministry ' s attachments are the only suppliers of the four-generation mainframe-type ding-tao-20 and three-generation mainframe-type ding-tao-10, as well as the one supplier of the foreign-traded mainframe-type dragons, which are in a preponderant position in the area of air force equipment manufacturers.
This amount is not included in the offer, and the transaction is valued at $174.2 million after deduction of the State-owned exclusive capital stock, corresponding to a share issue of $2,086 million. We believe that this restructuring is a super-market forecast of billions of dollars, with the state-owned exclusive capital stock future or re-conversion to shares.
The static purchase of pe and pb for this transaction is 13.29x and 1.83x, respectively, significantly below Shen Fei's 18.1x and 2.2x for the group's injection of the Chinese SEAL, with a reasonable level of valuation, and this reorganization does not reflect a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
According to the Asset Assessment Report, the airline industry will fly to become a fully-funded subsidiary of China Electricity Surveys after the restructuring of the company ' s 2024-2026 future major business revenues.
Operations such as monitoring and control products and distribution systems, resistors, motor vehicle detection equipment, etc. will continue, and production operations will be further focused on air carriers with the addition of aviation weapons equipment and Ministry attachments. This trade has significantly broadened the business area of the company ' s air industry chain, resulting in a marginal distribution.
Precious flight is short- and medium- and long-term, and has become a point of growth. The airline industry flew in 2022/2023, and has provided structured support for the development of the flight’s capacity to help it improve its product structure and enhance its productivity.
According to the Asset Assessment report, the profitability of the Flying Group is expected to increase further. Investment proposal: we expect the net return on the company’s original sensor business in 2024-2026.
The company, as the core supplier of the new generation of fighter fighters in the country, is well-established and highly competitive in its core, and is committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager and complete your investment to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and then contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.