The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services, Pond Holdings (002938.sz)
The company is the leading global circuit board, with robust growth in performance: its products consist mainly of fpc, hdi and rigid circuit boards (r-pcb), mainly for smartphones, consumer electronics, computers, communications, car electronics, with Apple being the main customer.
According to the 2017 data, the company achieved $23.9 billion, the top of the global circuit board industry. Corporate revenue and profits have grown steadily in recent years, rising from $15.39 billion in 2014 to $23.92 billion in 2017, a year-on-year compound.
Back-to-back with large clients, it is expected to continue to benefit fully from the fpc feast: fpc has a clear advantage, 1. Passive Component: Small Devices, Large Use, "New Application Apple Loves Plus, Increasing Use of fpc in Mobile Phones, 2017 iphonex.
The number of fpcs is more than 20, at a cost of over $40. In the next three years, Apple phones are expected to land.
It's going to increase further, and we're predicting that in 2020 the cost of the Apple phone single fpc will be more than $55. 3. The Wireless Charging Technology Activate asiaces, and the high-speed ipad, mac, and applewatch products will also increase the use of fpc. The company is Apple.
The company’s fpc core suppliers are expected to continue to benefit in depth in the future.
Growth: 5g will lead to the renewal of smart phones, a significant increase in radio frequency magnifiers, filters and related metascopes, crowding out the internal space of mobile phones, and fpc is expected to save the internal space.
The demand for fpc will increase further in the next 1-2 years. Despite the global decline in smartphones, innovative technologies (such as 3dsensing, 3 cameras, full screens, etc.) will drive the demand for fpc to continue to rise.
Long. 5g base station structure upgrades, base station pcb needs are expected to increase by 4-5 times, Pcb single vehicle values are projected to be several times higher than conventional fuel vehicles in 2020, and conventional fuel vehicle pcb is valued at $60, while new
The value of the energy vehicle pcb is around $400; the company ' s ipo fund-raising project expands the production capacity of fpc and the Luyang Ocean high echelons of hdi, and future performance is expected to continue to grow robustly.
A single customer is highly dependent, and the new apple machine sales are below expectations: fpc and hdi board expansion are not expected. First, the fast-growing global circuit board taps are mainly engaged in the design, R & D, manufacturing, and marketing of various types of printed circuit boards, focusing on:
The industry’s leading clients provide a full range of pcb products and services.
Repository products such as storage units and motor electronics.The company ' s main products are flexible printed circuit boards (fpc), high-density connectors (hdi) and rigidly printed circuit boards (r-pcb) of various specifications, depending on the type of product.
The net profits attributable to the parent shareholders after recurrent gains and losses ranged from about 1,186 million yuan to 1,309 million yuan, and, in 2017, the performance of corporate communication and consumer electronics and computer panels grew rapidly: 2017
During the year, the share of sales of high unit value products of companies increased and demand from downstream customers increased, with corporate communications boards increasing by 40.4 per cent over the year, compared to 78.73 per cent, and Māori increased from 16.29 per cent in 2016 to 17.55 per cent in 2017; consumer electronics and computer panels increased by the same time.
Over the past four years, the company's ability to operate has been more stable: the company has adopted a business model of “sale for sale”, as the turnover of this inventory is lower than in the industry; the annual accounts receivable in the company's report fluctuates between 18 per cent and 28 per cent for the year, mainly during the four quarters of the year, and the sales return cycle is usually three.
As a result, four quarters of accounts receivable are usually higher than two quarters of accounts receivable. In 2017, there was a significant increase in corporate inventory and accounts receivable, mainly due to the realization of company revenue in 2017
Figure 8: Corporate accounts receivable and working days receivable 1.2 Corporate equity concentration, beneficial to later development Corporate equity concentration, with Taiwan holding 80,911.7 per cent of the company's shares in total, with the second largest shareholder
The company 1.3 is the world's leading pcb leader, with a strong competitive advantage Product advantage: pcb can be divided into flexible, rigid and hdi, and there are a wide range of downstream applications.
The requirements for R & D design, production processes, process techniques, production lines and volume conditions also vary considerably between applications and product forms.
There is a growing demand for the customization of pcb products. Companies are continuously investing substantial resources in the development of pcb engineering and programming, with a high quality and diversity of pcb product lines, and strong capacity to provide a full range of pcb products and services to different clients.
For long-tail clients. For example, start-up firms have a fragmented but prominent procurement demand for pcb products. The company has built a smart-line off-line service platform, a board of excellence that meets the needs of long-tail clients, such as pcb samplers, design engineering advice and smt surrogates, to achieve timely response, efficient implementation, low cost
Production, short-term supply, eventual fulfilment of customer needs, full utilization of company capacity and high-flair customer advantage: the pcb industry is a major downstream company with a large number of end-use electronics, and therefore the certification process for qualified suppliers is highly complex, with a cycle of study usually around one year and tends to be associated with pcb.
Dealers build long-term and stable business relationships. With its own leadership in research and development, its ability to deliver large quantities and deliver in a timely manner, and its quality in high-quality and stable products, companies have successfully entered the system of qualified suppliers to a large number of international leading clients, including Apple, Microsoft, Google, and others.
These big clients have a significant impact on companies’ revenues, reaching 85.19% of the top five clients in q1 in 2018, of which 71.35% are the first clients alone, confirming the importance of customer resources to the pcb industry.
Technological advantages: The company has a long-term focus on and deepened the development of pcb technology, producing a minimum aperture of 0.025 mm for printed circuit board products, a minimum linear width of 0.025 mm, and a cumulative total of 582 domestic and foreign patents. In addition, the company, by pre-positioning possible products and technologies over the next three years, is straight.
To participate in the development and design of the next generation of products of the client, the next generation, to take an accurate view of the future product and technical direction and, in turn, to guide the development and design of the client ' s products, and to provide the client with a seamlessly integrated and integrated product and services.
II.5g, smartphones, auto electrons, wearables and iot equipment are expected to continue to contribute to a robust growth in demand in the pcb market.
Printed circuit boards (printedcircuitboard, pcb), made using electronic printing and based on insulation panels, cut to a certain size, with at least one guidance graphic attached to them, and with holes (e.g., grouping, tight holes, metal holes, etc.) to replace the chassis of the previous installation of electronic components, to achieve
(b) The pcb board can be divided into rigid panels, flexible panels and scratching boards;
pcb is a bridge with electronic components and connections to circuits and is widely used in the fields of telecommunications, consumer appliances, computers, automobiles, industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace. 2.12 per cent of the global pcb market size in the past decade has benefited mainly from consumer electronics.
Significant developments in industry, with the size of the pcb market in 07-12 years having been 2.91 per cent, and the size of the pcb market having been reduced to 1.34 per cent in 13-17 as a result of the slowdown in the volume of smartphones.
Industry 4.0, automobiles, electronics, cloud servers, and storage facilities are booming, and the pcb market will continue to grow robustly over the next five years. According to Prismark, the global pcb market is projected to be 68.81 billion dollars in 2022.
Downstream application end, bottom-down applications in 2016 were computers (27 per cent), communications (27 per cent) and consumer electronics (14 per cent) compared to expected communications (29 per cent) and computing (24 per cent) and consumer electronics (14 per cent) in 2021, with pcb in communications and consumer electronics required in the coming years
In 2016-2021, downstream applications of pcb required a compound increase from high to low for automobiles (4.2%), industrial controls (4.2%), military/space (3.6%), consumer electronics (3.5%), communications
(3.2 per cent), medical electronics (3.2 per cent), containment (0.1 per cent) and computers (-0.1 per cent). 2.2 Continued innovation in smartphones is expected to continue to drive a rapid increase in the demand for fpc — miniaturized and lightly thinned — fast penetration of fpc in consumer electronics: current consumer-type electronics
The product calls for miniaturization, thinning, and high performance, using fpc to reduce space, light weight, and lower assembly costs are the best options for mobile phone manufacturers.
Demand, hardware fpcbom entry &asp is raised from year to year. The application of fpc in 2014 for iphone6 finger strip recognition module, the application of iphone7 for 2016, and the upgrading of hardware for each apple, have created a new growth space for fpc. The iphonex zero component in 2017 is unprecedented.
The full upgrade of the case, with the functional innovations represented by oled full screens, 3d images, wireless chargers, has brought the number of fpcs to over 20 and the value of single machines to over $40. The fpc application covers a full range of flashlights & power lines, antennas, vibrations.
fpc, plus ipad (more than $30), iwatch (more than $15), airpods, etc., with apples purchasing around the global market.
With Apple's lead, Andre is gradually increasing its fpc, with three star singles using about 12-13 and hov singles using about 10-12. As smartphone functional modules grow in the future, especially the emergence of revolutionary innovations (e.g. folding phones), fpc is in smartphones.
Figure 19: fpc chart 20: fpc apples from iphonex are expected to be launched with three cameras in 2019 and the single fpc is expected to increase in volume.
Domestic smartphones, innovation on camera, three cameras on p20pro, 13 fpcs of fpc that connect the main board to the parts, vivo's lift camera, and oppo's full hidden camera (with 3d structure light) have increased demand for fpc.
We're looking at the fpc application on the mobile camera, and this year Apple's need for fpc is growing faster, including 3 dsensing, next year's apple is expected to have 3 cameras, plus other new features, and the demand for fpc is expected to increase.
5g smartphones are expected to increase fpc demand by 5g, which will drive the replacement of smartphones, and the greatest advantage of 5g is speed, especially the frequency of downloads, which is much faster than 4g.
5g smartphones are expected to use array antenna technology, with a significant increase in radio frequency power amplifiers, filters and related metascopes, which will crowd out the inner space of the cell phone, make way for 5g radio frequency devices in order to save the internal space, the inside of the cell phone is expected to be modified and the fpc will be very promising.
In addition, 5g smartphones have more technical requirements for fpc, for example, to transmit data quickly, to be able to resist interference, and to block a variety of puzzlings, more jamming materials will be posted on fpc, which will require an increase in the production technology of the fpc itself.
The fpc is expected to make a big difference in mobile phones and soft electronics, and the fpc is expected to be a new source of research and development, and Hwa is expected to release folding phones first.
Roll-up mobile phones, expected to be launched in November. According to Korean etnewsd, China has developed 8-inch foldable mobile phones for Jung and Boe (Kyoto East).
Figure 24: The flexible mooled panel in the east of Kyoto has many advantages to folding mobile phones that can solve the pain of the current cell phone, and many mobile phone manufacturers are working on folding mobile phones, including Samsung, Apple, Leg, Pop, Association, Mi, etc.
Three stars have been developing their mobile phones for years, and the screen edge is clear. Three stars now account for more than 80% of the market for mobile screens, and are in the forefront of the development of folding cell phones. Three stars were officially announced at the Ces conference in 2013.
Youm soft screen technology and discloses that the screen will move from a simple curve to a truly foldable design in a step-by-step manner.
The patent details, internal codes, configurations, etc. are being exposed, and the three-star folding mobile technology is gradually becoming mature and is expected to be launched in 2018.
At the Techworld Science and Technology Innovation Congress in San Francisco, United States, a foldable handheld folio was released. The folio is a binary smartphone and a tablet, and the folded folio is a 5.5 inch cell phone, and then the folio is a 7.8 inch tablet.
Figure 27: Linkable folio open state. Figure 28: Linkable folio folding state of the folio joint design allows users to handle two tasks simultaneously in a unique way, for example, using
Households can open a document on the other side of the screen while video chatting on the other side of the screen. Chart 29: Linkable folio enabler interfaces fpc with foldable properties that are very suitable for foldable and flexible electronic devices and foldable oled
There will be a significant increase in fpc demand, in addition to the opportunity of folding hands to carry more and more functions, a significant increase in electronic components, and a significant increase in fpc, fpc, which is expected to develop. 2.35g is expected to increase base pcb demand by four to five times.
A major change in the 5g base station structure, with a projected 4-5-fold increase in demand for pcb. In the 5g communications age, high-frequency high-frequency high-speed applications, such as HF cell phones, millimetre wave technology, 802.11ad high-speed wifi, have also gradually become new demand in the market, on the premise that, for example,
The upgrading needs of bottom electronic components, such as pcb, fpc, have also changed, and the upgrading of new processes and materials has evolved into a future trend in the electronics industry.
bbu+rru upgraded to du+cu+aau level III structure. 4g base station structure: bbu (base bandunit) + rru (remoteradiounit) + sky feed system.
The feed line is connected to the antenna. The 5g base station structure: du+cu+aau. With the 5g network capacity, and the use of massivemimo, the 15g base station combines the rru and the gift system into aau (activeantennaunit), which, given the large number of the 5g antennas, reduces the feedback line from performance.
The damage caused by the signal can also reduce costs to a certain extent. 25g base stations disassemble bbu into du (distributedunit) and cu (centralizedunit). aau, bbu uppcb layer and area increase: as the 5g frequency increases, the frequency increases.
A significant increase in the number of front-end components and the massivemimo clustering on aau, aau pcb use, layer numbers, antenna aau value added to pcb and coatings; with 5g transmission data, data-processing capacity for base station bbu was enhanced
High-level requirements would require bbu to use a larger area, higher-high-frequency pcb. 5g high-speed evolution, and high-frequency circuit boards first: the upgrading of high-frequency civilization leads to high-frequency circuit board requirements.
With rapid advances in communications technology, the pre-existing civil communications frequency has become very crowded, coupled with the gradual transfer of certain military frequency bands to civilian use, which has contributed to the rapid development of civilian high-frequency communications. Currently, electronic information products have entered the high-frequency age of ghz, represented by microwaves.
Communications bring a demand for high-frequency circuit boards. 5g. HF high-speed processing difficulties and crafts for pcb are also more demanding, and pcb's value is higher. According to Prismark, the global pcb communications pcb market space in 2020 was $17.6 billion, 17--
The combined rate of growth will be 5.0 per cent in 20 years, higher than in other industries. 2.4 Automobile electricization and intelligence, pull-up car pcb demand.
Automobile electronic control devices and automobile electronic control devices, which are often made up of semiconductor devices, are designed to detect, calculate, perform the vehicle's state and function, with the primary aim of improving the car's comfort, safety, economy and recreation.
In the next five years, China’s auto-cagr will reach 11.5%: as cars move towards intelligence and electricization, the world’s auto-electronic market will grow from $207 billion in 2017 to $240 billion in the next three years, with a three-year compound increase of 5.05%.
The average rate of growth (from an increase in the electronic value of bicycle cars on the one hand, and from an increase in the volume of automobile sales in China on the other) is expected to reach $996.8 billion by 2022, with a combined annual growth rate of 11.5 per cent over the next five years.
The demand for electronics in new energy vehicles is even more pronounced, with a ratio of 65 per cent of the electronic cost of pure electric vehicles: based on the cost structure of the various types of vehicles, the ratio of electronic costs of pure electric vehicles has reached 65 per cent, compared with 15 per cent for compact vehicles and 28 per cent for medium- and high-end vehicles in traditional fuel vehicles, so that new sources of energy are available.
In 2017, the market for new-energy vehicles in China reached 18.1 billion yuan, the market is expected to reach 104.5 billion yuan by 2022, and the market for new-energy automobiles and electronics is expected to increase by 42.0 per cent over the next five years, well above the market in China.
An average increase in the country’s automobile electronics industry. The value of electric pcb bicycles is several times higher than that of conventional fuel vehicles: traditional fuel cars are not sufficiently digitized, there is less demand for pcb and the value of pcb is lower.
The ratio is around 2 per cent, with an average vehicle per car of about 1 square metre and a value of $60; high-end vehicle types of 2-3 square metres and a value of approximately $120-130; and new energy vehicles of about $400, with a significant increase in the value of pcb bicycles.
Of the electronic components of traditional cars, the power system is the most required pcb, with a 32 per cent share, mainly comprising engine control units, starters, generators, transmission control devices, fuel injection, power switching systems, etc.; 25 per cent of the body-body electronic system consists mainly of car lighting, hvac, power doors, etc.
Seats, tpms, etc.; security control systems, approximately 22%, including, inter alia, adas, abs, airbags, etc.: other include display, entertainment, etc. fpc usage in cars: fpc is a graphically made from scratching base material
Circuit boards, because of their small size, light weight, bendable features, are suitable for product applications with complex circuits, high signal levels, and special electrons or mechanics requirements. The scratch plates are now becoming more widely available in car electrons, and fpc is shown in light lights, transmission boxes, sensors, bms, vehicle vehicles.
Under screens, entertainment information systems, etc., bottom-level body or vehicle-borne devices are being used extensively. The global electronics industry is now in a steady phase, and the growth power of future fpc will gradually shift to emerging needs such as car subs.
Amounted to $872 million, with a compound growth rate of 4.31 per cent between 2017 and 2022.iii. Global pcb capacity is shifting to mainland China, increasing concentration, and leading firms are expected to follow the twenty-first century, as the global electronic information industry moves from developed to emerging economies and emerging countries.
According to the Ministry of Information and Technology, China ' s revenues from the production of electronic information in China and above reached 12.2 trillion yuan in 2016, an increase of 8.4% in comparison to the previous year, accompanied by the migration of the electronic information industry chain as its base industry.
By 2000, more than 70% of global pcb production had been in the Americas (mainly North America), Europe, and Japan. Since the beginning of the twenty-first century, the pcb industry’s focus has been shifting towards the Asian region.
Since 2006, China has surpassed Japan as the world’s largest producer of pcb, with pcb producing and producing the world’s highest. In recent years, the global economy has been in a period of deep adjustment, with Europe, the US, Japan, etc.
The major economies have significantly weakened their driving role in world economic growth, with their pcb markets growing more limited than ever before, while China ' s global economy has become increasingly integrated, gradually occupying half of the world ' s pcb market.
As the world ' s largest producer of pcb, China ' s share of global total production in the pcb sector has risen from 31.18 per cent in 2008 to 50.53 per cent in 2017, with the Americas, Europe and Japan accounting for Prismark expected to continue to dominate the development of the global pcb market over the next five years, with China taking the place.
The pcb sector on the mainland of China will maintain a compound growth rate of 3.7 per cent, with a projected GDP of $35,686 million in 2022. By contrast, growth in the pcb market in Japan and Europe has been weak owing to the weak overall economy, but the global recovery will remain at 3.2 per cent.
Under the trend of pcb’s “largeness, integration,” large-scale pcb companies, which had established earlier their leading edges, will gain greater advantage in future global market competition. The pattern of competition in the industry is stable, and companies are the global leader: the pattern of competition in the pcb plant is relatively stable.
After a selection of the industry cycle, the world’s top 20 pcb producers’ market share remained roughly 45-50% from large firms in 2011. Continental firms started late, with their products on the lower end: mainland China’s pcb firms started late, production was generally smaller, and overall market share was low.
Less. Early production by such manufacturers is concentrated in hard-printed circuit boards. In recent years, a number of start-up continental firms with some technological leadership have begun to move to relatively high-end pcb products such as flexible, hdi and high-level printed circuit boards, which have been actively listed by successful industry firms.
In 2017, the company collected $3.588 billion, the world’s largest pcb manufacturer. The company’s current and potential competitors are mainly some of the larger international manufacturers with a long history of establishment, including the Japanese flagship, the Japanese flag.
ttm, Hm, Hm, att&s, Taishi, as well as the Chinese mainland producers of Tungshan precision, kyo-su, and Hin-Sin electronics. The company’s full capacity is spread across mainland China, with clear advantages: the company has four parks, with a major share.
In Shenzhen, King Qin Island, Huai An, and Camp, the company has set up nine subsidiaries on the mainland since its establishment of the Fuper Industries in Shenzhen in 1998. The company’s production base is on the mainland, with full access to policy and dividends, coupled with high-quality customer resources, and it is expected that the company will continue to benefit from industrial concentration.
The firm's competitive advantage is clear, with ipo expanding the production capacity of high-level products, 4.1 being the first-tier producer in the industry, the world's leading pcb manufacturer, with $3.673 billion in 2017, leading the rest of the country and abroad.
One-line pcb manufacturer, with a net profit of $174 million, is also in the first place in the industry, and the company's outstanding performance is largely due to its prominent product structure and its high-quality customers.
78.80 per cent, or 21.18 per cent, of consumer electronics and computer panels; the company ' s Māori rate (16.33 per cent) is also in the first camp, slightly less than the share of electricity (17.94 per cent); the company ' s net profit rate is only around 20 per cent.
In terms of profitability, both the roe and the roa indicators are in the first line of the industry. Figure 48: Global pcb Māori ratio and net interest rate
Figure 50: Global pcb vendor Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (NPEs)
▪ Communications panels include a variety of products such as master panels, formulation boards, speaker panels, antenna panels, camera panels, lcm panels and fingerprint recognition panels, mainly for smartphones, routers, etc.
In the area of automobile electronics, corporate products are mainly used in daytime traffic lighting systems, car navigation systems, etc.
On the electronics of cars, such as the audio and entertainment systems of vehicles and the auto charge system, the client package of the service includes panasonic, crowd-based photovoltaics and tela, among others.
Figure 52: Company motor circuit boards  consumer electronic panels
Products such as board, vibration module panels and flat cable boards meet the high performance requirements of specific products for pcb. Major clients include leading domestic and foreign brands such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Hwa.
Downstream computer-type products such as apparel, with end-users including Apple, Dale, Hewlett-Packard and Huashue, many of the world’s leading computer manufacturers.
Technological advances drive 3c electronic devices, such as smartphones, to continue to be light, miniaturized and mobile, to develop and produce circuit boards to achieve less space, faster speed and higher performance.
The "light, thin, short, small" requirements are constantly increasing. Especially as the power of smart electronic terminals, such as mobile phones, increases in the number of i/o, it is necessary to further reduce the width of the line; but the traditional hdi is limited to a process that is difficult to meet, with more stacking layers, smaller lines and loadable.
The slp technology of more functional modules is the inevitable option for solving this problem. slp (substrate-likepcb), or high-level hdi, is mainly based on semi-accumulation technology, a pcb graphic production technology between subtraction and full-aggregation, and the production process is relative to full-aggregation.
The semi-aggregation process is suitable for the fine line width of 10/10-50 μm. As an optimal product that currently meets both cellular space and signal transmission requirements, slp
Gradual production and extension will break the industry’s ecology, and some of the pre-existing firms are expected to take advantage of this opportunity to further expand their leadership, with the slp market being expected to grow in an outbreak over the next three years. Since 2017, a number of well-known smartphone manufacturers have been planning to introduce slp into their end products.
The company has been actively engaged in the slp field and has achieved volume production in the second half of 2017. The company’s ipo fund-raising program of $2.4 billion has invested in the ambitious high-level hdi production board extension project, and the main product after production will include slp products.
Figure 54: Trends in product innovation in pcb, which generally shows a downward trend in prices per square metre, but companies mainly locate apples for various types of electronics, high-end material numbers, which have increased continuously since 2015, such as for smart hands.
Pcb and fpc, the price per square metre increased from $4381 in 2015 to 4.3 q1 in 2018 to strengthen cost controls and to enhance the competitiveness of companies.
Compared to 73.68%, which is one of the most cost-effective components, material costs are mainly the amortization costs of various electronic components connected to pcb, mainly high end machines. By product category, communications board costs are mainly higher than materials, 84% higher than consumer electronics and computer panels.
The reason for this is that consumer electronics means pcbs for pc panels, and these products are less used per unit area of electronic components than smart mobile pcbs, which leads to lower unit content. Communications boards and consumer electronics and computer panels differ in human and manufacturing costs.
In terms of direct material, in addition to electronic parts (the acquisition cost in 2017 was 54.92 per cent), the main raw materials included scratching boards (14.14 per cent), flexible copper base plates plus filtration membranes (4.01 per cent), bronze base plates plus semi-stabilized tablets (2.82 per cent), back glue (2.66 per cent), steel pieces (1.67 per cent), gold salt.
(1.32%), copper ball & copper powder (0.70%) and ink (0.67%), the above raw materials accounted for 82.90% of the cost of the materials in 2017, which, in addition to electronic components, has a greater cost impact mainly on scratching and bronze slabs. The company plans to integrate the industry vertically to further enhance the integrity of its customers.
In order to reduce human costs, companies are moving towards higher levels of automation: as product density demands keep rising, so is the level of automation of production lines.
The Division has been actively engaged in the expansion of the latter assembly operations and the construction of new automated production lines in the latter sector, respectively, in Pao Yanchuan and Huai An, thereby gradually reducing the number of external procurement services in the latter sector.In general, the direct labour costs of companies represent 10.53 per cent of the cost of the main business, as compared with 10.53 per cent in 2015.
Apple, the number one client, is a risk and an opportunity. Apple is the main driver of growth in corporate performance: in the past few years, sales of corporate products and the overall upward trend in sales unit prices, Apple is the company's top customer, taking over the last two years.
Over 60 percent, and 70 percent in the first quarter of this year, Apple largely determined its performance. 15-18q1, the company's communications panels benefited from an increase in Apple fpc usage, sales, unit prices up from year to year; sales fell in 2016, mainly because of nokia and Soo Aichi.
The sales of mobile phones have declined significantly, but the overall income has increased. In 2017, beneficiary apples, smartphones, and fpc have increased their value, and the sales volume of corporate communications products and sales unit prices have been very high, so downstream apple companies are vital to the company's performance, and the risks revealed are customers.
It is too homogeneous. On the one hand, Apple’s business performance will significantly affect the company’s revenue collection; on the other hand, with the rise of other pcb companies on the continent, companies may face the risk of losing orders from large customers, which in turn will significantly affect their performance.
In order to cope with the risks of client concentration, companies have a more explicit approach to stabilizing customer relationships: (1) staffed with professional R & D and design teams - companies will be involved in early client R & D, optimize design work early in the project, provide professional technical services, export new R & D results to clients, because
The client is more sticky; through his own size, he offers diversified and differentiated product competition strategies that meet the procurement needs of different clients; he is closely associated with the client ' s research and development team to understand the product strategies that the client does not have, so that the company ' s technology is redirected in a timely manner: (2) superior to the industry
Quality control of products; 3) provision of improved after-sales services to communicate with clients and solve problems in a timely manner when product quality is abnormal, on the basis of quality assurance. 4.5 ipo project expansion of fpc and upper hdi capacity
The project is intended to raise $3.6 billion for construction, the flexible multi-storey printed circuit board extension project for the company ipo, and the high-level hdi production board extension project for the company.
fpc production lines have an annual capacity of 1.38 million m2 and high-level hdi printing circuits 334,000 m2 annual production capacity, fund-raising projects based on fpc extension and high-level hdi production lines Expansion and smart manufacturing are consistent with the company's ongoing drive to create “efficiency, rationalization, automation, no one”
The planning of four modern manufacturing projects, the implementation of modularization and the direction of the process of humanization, V. Profit predictions and investment proposals are expected to grow steadily in the year, and to benefit from the penetration of high-end products (fpc, high-level hdiboards), which will help to increase productivity and increase productivity.
The company’s Māori rate will increase gradually. On the other hand, the company’s continued investment in the process of automating production lines is expected to further reduce human costs.
We're more cautious about the company's forecast for the fourth quarter, given the relatively high price of the three machine-type fabric, and we're predicting a lower than expected risk of sales in the fourth quarter. The company’s top client base is over 60%, and the client is stronger, with a single customer dependency.
High risks; companies, downstream fpc penetration is less than expected; company products involve multiple metals raw materials whose prices are influenced by the international economic situation and domestic environmental policies, and raw materials prices are subject to a certain risk of volatility.
Listing pricing: average price range at the date the stock is expected to be listed; Request price: price range declared by the person to whom the request is made.