The exchange gain/loss effects of the Glossy Glass (600660) have been reduced, corporate revenues from the vast offshore market have remained robustly growing, and the exchange gains/loss effects have diminished. Three quarters of the company actually grew by 5.40 per cent over the same period. In the context of the slowdown in the domestic automobile market,
Companies have benefited from enhanced marketing and better product structures, and have maintained robust growth in their harvests. It is a matter of concern that corporate exchange losses, influenced by the appreciation of the renminbi in the first half of the year, have fallen to 171 million yuan, resulting in a fall in corporate profits on a year-on-year basis, and in the third quarter,
The firm’s net profit growth rate has shifted from negative to negative, and the exchange gain/loss impact has been significantly reduced. In the first three quarters, the company’s Māori ratio was 42.81%, while its cost was 23.04% over the period, and remained stable.
Prominent firms in the field, with 65% of the domestic car glass market and 20% of the global market. The internationalization strategy is an important development for companies, and the Māori rate is higher because overseas markets have advantages in energy costs and productivity.
With a dollar, net profit - $10.44 million, the net loss was significantly narrower than the same, with a profit achieved in June. At the same time, the company’s Russian plant is on a virtuous path, German plant construction is starting, and globalization is beginning to work.
Revenue growth is already higher than domestic, and companies are expected to open up new growth space as overseas capacity is released further. The renminbi’s exchange rate stabilizes each year, while overseas markets are expected to provide new growth space.
We maintain the company’s “carefully recommended” investment rating. The report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.