Eining Company 2017, q3 is stable, lost and lost, and its performances are up and running in line with market expectations.
With $2.14 billion, yoy-1.5% in clean profits, the fall in performance is narrow enough to meet market expectations. The company’s delays are still largely due to losses, and the company’s main business is now growing steadily, faster than overall vehicle sales, and its profitability remains at the forefront of business, both within the country and at sea.
External relations are expanding well, and overseas orders are sufficient, and overseas factories are expected to lose their jobs for 17 years. It is expected that the company’s performance will pick up in the fourth quarter of the year, driven by the overall increase in the automobile industry.
The monthly real income is $13.4 billion, yoy+16 per cent, with a slight increase of h1; the net profit is $2.14 billion, yoy-1.5 per cent, and the equivalent is 0.85 dollars, with a steady return in performance, as expected in the market. On a quarterly basis, the company 201.7q3 has $4.7 billion, yoy+17 per cent in real business.
$760 million and yoy + 5.4% of the net profit (with a deduction of non-purchasing profits) The main reason for the loss is still to delay the growth of the performance: the company’s revenue grew faster during the reporting period, and the same decline was due mainly to the strong dollar transfer rate of the People’s Dollars in 2017, and the company’s external sales.
Over a third of businesses lost $300 million in the first three seasons (compared to $200 million in the same period last year), resulting in an increase in the same cost of $450 million, an increase in the cost of 3.5 percentage points to 2.34 per cent, and an increase in the management costs associated with company development fees and payroll increases.
With an increase of $280 million, the two stacks raise the company’s co-payment rate by 23 per cent, an increase of 3.2 percentage points over the same period. With regard to the Māori rate, the price of the company’s crude and upstream raw materials rose by the same amount, with a 42.8 per cent increase in the reporting period, a slight decrease of 0.2 percentage points over the same period, maintaining a higher level of profitability.
40 car sales are expected to be concentrated, and the recovery is on track: from the demand side, the domestic car industry grew cumulatively at a rate of yoy+4.8 per cent in January-September, 0.5 percentage points higher than in January-June, and the country ' s fixed investment steady increase and build-up, plus the expiration of its small-volume tax premium policy in 2018.
With multiple factors, the fourth quarter of the year is expected to see a concentration of domestic car sales, a projected increase in sales throughout the year, and a pre- and post-diplomatic rise in corporate performance as downstream demand is released. In terms of import rates, the first six months of the year saw a strong renminbi, a continuous appreciation against the dollar, and a 3q renminbi transfer rate.
There is a stable situation, the likelihood that the transfer rate will continue to rise significantly, and the company’s losses have been reduced. Supply-side: the company now owns 65% of the domestic gas market, the global market 20%, domestic and foreign production expands rapidly, and the Gyobo globalisation has taken shape.
With a steady increase in the share of products, and a further increase in the Māori ratio of the main camp glass, the Māori ratio will continue to be at a higher level and provide a profit forecast for the company's long-term steady health development: we maintain our previous judgement that the company's profits in 2017 and 2018 are expected to arrive.
The price is 16 times and 13.5 times for pe; h shares are 20 times and 16 times for pe, and the current value of the share is reasonable, and we maintain an investment proposal for the “buy-in” of aah stock. The target price is not $30 rmb and $33 Hong Kong dollars, and 18 x 17 x 18 years is a positive change.
This report was prepared by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. investment and investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.
_capitalgare #2ii22 Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai