Coal tap performance continued to improve, and Shanxi changed its core beneficiary target 30 October 2017. Western coal power (000983.sz)
The company issued three-quarterly reports in 2017, according to which the company achieved a revenue of $21,033 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 62.28 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1,374 million for the mother, an increase of $5,7664 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1,311 million for the non-mother, an increase of 617,41 per cent in the same year and a basic gain of $0.44 per share. Performance improvements were qualitative and operational capacity steadily increased. In the first three quarters of 2017, the combined Māori rate for the company was 9.58 per cent, an increase of 7.47 per cent in the same year; and non-recurrent gains and gains accounted for an increase of 0.44 per share.
The net profit of 4.04%, a decrease of 4.6 pct over the same period, is a marked improvement in the quality of the profits; the total cost of the previous three quarters was $4.265 billion, an increase of 40.37% over the previous three quarters, and the top left research assistant insisted on coal as the basis for a diversified development cycle, with the industrial structure being optimized continuously.
\triangleright Remote layout, diversified development, and increased resilience to risk.
Local coal, bauxite ore resources, local conversion, local application, low-cost electricity prices, industrial chains of “coal and aluminium + local power grids”, company-owned profits of 417 million yuan per annum net from production, 14.6 per cent net after tax, Shanxi corporate reform arrows on the string and company-owned core benefits. Company-owned high-quality coal coker resources, 2,693 million tons of storage, 35.9 million tons of coal production, electricity, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright power capacity of 3162,000 kWh, with a coke production capacity of 5.4 million tons. The company's shareholders are rich in resources and future injections are expected to be higher.
Coal geological reserves of 2,169 million tons and recoverable reserves of 11,389 million tons, with a total planned capacity of 181 million tons/year, including all varieties of coal refined, including coal, fertilizer, coal and thin coal, which are rare coals that the country has protected; and the group designed the coal production capacity of 11.8 million tons/year. Western Coal Power, as the only coal listed company under the group, is the best platform for the group and its coal operations to reach their full listing. At the beginning of the year, the Deputy Governor of Shanxi Province, Wang Yi, in his research at the Coal Group, indicated that it would be built into West Mountain Coal Power.
The company will be the central beneficiary of the reform of the Shanxi Coal State Enterprise.
Stock price catalytic factors: higher economic growth expectations; higher expectations for supply-side reforms in the coal industry; higher expectations for corporate reform processes.
Risk factors: economic downside, low demand; risk of safety accidents; natural gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light-quantified automobiles, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Dr. Zing Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological and Mineral Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese Advisory Bank for Business Audit.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, conducted research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, revised the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree in mining engineering at the China Mining University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.