Incidents: On 24 August, Sealight Information published its semi-annual report for 2023, the company achieved 2,612 million yuan in revenue in the first half of 2023, an increase of 3.24 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers was 677 million yuan, an increase of 42.35 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-return to mothers was 619 million yuan, an increase of 42.00 per cent in the same year.
1.45 billion yuan, a 7.16 per cent decline in the same year, a 24.89 per cent increase in the ring, a 438 million \triangleright net return to the mother, an increase in demand in information infrastructure such as energy, transport, communications, finance, and the production of new products from companies,
Product performance further improved, with a 3.24 per cent increase in the same year's harvest in the first half of the year, a rise in the same year's net return, the maintenance of high R & D inputs, the profitability of new products and the progress of R & D. \triangleright was invested in R & D in the first half of 2023.
Co-processor (dcu), 187 applications for new intellectual property projects and 297 grants of intellectual property rights in the first half of the year, with 224 patents for inventions.
Complete hardware and software ecology, applied to high-end servers such as cloud computing, low-end servers in enterprises and educational fields, and peripheral computing servers. Sealight III is the current main product with high client recognition, upgrades companies Profitability, Sealight IV and 5 R & D phase; Sealight dcu series products are compatible with the generic category.
The s0105211200004 cuda environment, based on the gpgpu structure, currently supports the llama, gpt, etc., big model training for company dcu products. The new product is due to be released shortly.
The company is a national product, cpu and dculong \triangleright, leading the research and development team, with excellent product performance, and constantly building the complete ecological chain up and down.
1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Quarterly, 2023
In terms of ecological compatibility, companies actively offer sea light cpu and dcu products to open-source communities both at home and abroad.
2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) reported a year-on-year review of 2022: performance was higher than ever, with Sealight III achieving bulk sales of 2023 optimization programmes. The company’s clients expanded widely into well-known servers such as conjectures, co-owners, Xinhua III, Waves, etc.
The vendor supply chain is expected to benefit from increased demand for aigc numeracy in the future. 3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) first-time coverage report: letter \triangleright
The creation of hardware taps - 2022/08/24, 95/65/49 times the quality of the company's products, active construction of complete ecological chains, increased demand for arithmetic from beneficiary countries and downstream aigc, and maintenance of the “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.