25 August 2023 High performance and increasing product performance sealight information (688041.sh)
Wu Xing Jing realized a net profit of $6.19 from non-repatriation, an increase of 42.00 per cent over the same period.
For the reporting period, operating income of 2,615 million yuan was realized, an increase of 3.24 per cent over the same period; net profit of 677 million yuan was realized, an increase of 42.35 per cent over the same period; and operating costs were further optimized by net profit of 6.19 yuan from non-mortality.
Li Xing's net profit is $4.28, an increase of 42.03 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the company's new product, Sealight 3, was placed on the market and fully recognized by its customers, bringing business income to a steady level.
The Prince's Road has been upgraded and the profitability has been further enhanced, and progress has been accelerated, with more projects entering the certification phase, technical services fees and testing materials for certification.
(b) By 2023h1, 1382 R & D technicians, corresponding to the same number, Hae-gwang IV, Hae-gwang V, dcu products, R & D III, are well advanced. A total of 297 IP projects (of which 224 patents have been invented) have been authorized.
The new product has accelerated and continues to improve its performance. The sealight cpu series is widely used in important sectors or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc., and is widely recognized by domestic users.
Artificial intelligence software, software and hardware are rich in ecology, and commercial applications have been achieved in areas such as large data processing, artificial intelligence, and commercial computing. The company’s research and development team sets up high end processors, soc architecture, processor security, processor validation, high main frequency and low power consumption.
During the reporting period, the company’s next generation of cpu products, Sealight IV, Sealight V, and the dcu products are well on track.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and had been employed in the Department of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Li Xing, a Master’s degree from Sydney University, joined China’s Galaxy securities in 2019, mainly in computer/technology research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science and Technology, two years of experience in science and technology industry studies, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020, and made a commitment to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects his research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.