Electronic semiconductors Significant increase in profitability, with Probing Number 2 being published as an increase of 3.24 per cent; net return to mothers of $677 million, an increase of 42.35 per cent; and realization of deductions.
The Māori rate has risen significantly, and the cash flow has improved significantly. In a single quarter, the company achieved a revenue of RMB 1.45 billion, a 7.16 per cent decline over the same period. This is mainly due to lower demand in the first half of the year for credit-making markets, which is compounded by higher base-level effects over the same period; and 2302 net profits of RMB 428 million, the same amount.
In the first half of the year, the overall Māori rate was 62.87 per cent, an increase of 4.97 per cent. In the first half of the year, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations in the first half of the year was $378 million, compared to -856 million in the same period.
Maintain high-intensity R & D inputs, which are published immediately. The total number of R & D personnel at 23H1 is 1382 or 90.33%. The next generation of the company's cpu product, Sealight IV, Sealight Information (688041).
The R & D of the Kwang-five and dcu products is well advanced, and the release of the H & 2 is imminent, and it is expected that the higher performance will result in a significant improvement in the benefits of the message and in the performance of the i.
Waves - 2023/04/27 can be associated with the ecological lead. In the context of the continued rapid development of aigc, the company ' s dcu new sealight information (688041) has continued to show high performance.
The product is expected to benefit from the growth in arithmetic demand brought about by large models. Good prospects for corporate development in the context of the wave of credit booms.
Sealight Information (688041), "Cpu-country producers have a lot of letters." In August, the Chinese Bank opened a bid for 6.5 billion letter-making equipment purchases, 086 cores, leaders, into a fast-growing period.
The company, as the main supplier of c86 server cpu, has been widely applied to telecommunications, finance, the Internet, and, at the end, the company's advance of $1,869 million, an increase of 99.35 per cent from the beginning of the year, mainly in raw materials.
The above indicators show that the company has been actively preparing and securing chip capacity and is expected to reach its peak in the second half of the year.
Investment proposals: The company is actively building an ecological chain of software and hardware for sealight cpu and dcu, producing an eco-economy advantage and a strong local competitive advantage, developing a promising future in the context of the wave of letters and ai, with a significant increase in profitability, and the release of the second in the near future.
Profit predictions and financial indicators: significant increase in profitability, far more than two is published immediately.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.