Short-term profit pressure from stock impairment and potential release of high-refining performance 30 April 2024 Event: On 25 April 2024, the Eastern Rainbow released its annual report 2023 and the company 2023
This represents an increase of 24.34 per cent in the same year and a decline of 0.16 per cent in the ring; a decrease of 66.53 per cent in the single quarter net profit of 247 million yuan in the same year; and a net gain of 184.01 per cent in the single quarter net profit of 86 million yuan in the same period, which represents a breakthrough of 100 billion dollars in the size of the company ' s revenues, a higher reduction in stock in the fourth quarter and a short-term profit overhang.
At the end of the cost, the price of crude oil was maintained at a medium-high shock in 2023, with Brent crude oil at an average cost of $82.49 per barrel, compared to $16.72 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2023.
In the first year of full operation of the crude oil bank project, the overall cost has increased significantly.
On the other hand, in 2023, the country ' s total refining capacity increased less and there was no significant change in the industry ' s supply pattern; there was a need to seek solutions, in the case of oil refining, to restore business activity after the 2023 epidemic had weakened, and to some extent boosted the demand for the finished oil market; in the case of chemicals, there was a marked differentiation in the industry landscape, with aromatic hydrocarbons.
High profitability, but still weak, prices for products such as the companyeva and the acetylene have fallen; on fibre optics, as the effects of the epidemic have diminished, there has been an increase in below-line consumption, and consumption of fibre optic terminals has increased significantly, with clothing, shoe caps and needles above the national limit in 2023.
At the end of the raw material end, Brent’s oil prices were maintained at a medium-to-high shock during the first quarter of 2024, with a slight fall in the overall price center.
At the end of the product, one quarter of the company ' s price of gasoline/diesel/ kerosene/eva/acrylonitrile/px/pure benzene has changed by 0%.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. has an extensive layout of the “1+n” industry, and the company's resilience to risk is expected to increase.
Full coverage of the “oil head” “coalhead” and “airhead” three acetylene-based process routes, building No. 1 of Mt. 9 on Mt. Township West, Beijing, continued to extend to new energy sources, new electronics, biotechnology and other diversified industrial chains.
The "1+n" industry chain layout. In 2023, the company launched phase IV of the acetylene project, which jumped to millions of tons of capacity. The company is also home to a technology company with photovoltaic levels of eva and poe. In the future, the company plans a total capacity of more than 1 million tons and a total capacity of Poe.
Half a million tons, dedicated to building world-class production bases for photovoltaic raw materials. We believe that the company’s increased value-added product is expected to enhance the company’s risk-resilient industrial chain.
Our performance continued to grow in 2024-2026, maintaining a “buy-in” assessment of the company Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; the inability of the \triangleright to produce as expected
Polyester fibres are not profitable than expected; there is a risk of excess refining capacity.Ko Wing Ming, a doctor from China Mining University, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Council, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association ' s Select Committee on Coal Prices and a former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, head of the Xinda energy petrochemical plate, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, member of the China Environmental Science Council ' s carbon peak carbon middle and professional committee, research on energy transformation, carbon neutralization, petrochemical industry development, etc., led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and participated in policy papers related to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in national ministries and departments
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.