In the East, IPC released, Māori sales restored, 2401 sold, IPR released, and assets lost their performance.
In 2023, sales of new petrochemical and chemical materials increased by 85,592 million yuan, representing an increase of 112.14 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 0.44 per cent in the same year. On the cost side, sales/management costs/financial costs/research and development costs were respectively.
The Division has completed the construction of the integrated chemical raw materials supply platform, which combines refining integration, olquido cogeneration, and pdh integrated, and in the future, as the price volatility of external raw materials decreases, internal management efficiency improves, and corporate “big chemical” platforms have gained advantage or become increasingly visible.
The price of 2024q1 products is stable, and the sales rate of Māori has risen. According to the Begawan Mobil statistics, the average price of 2024q1 Brent crude oil is $83.29 per barrel, a decline of 1.33% in the ring ratio, and the average market price of px/pta is 8406.68 per cent.
The new material project is moving ahead in an orderly manner, deepening the layout of the 1+n industry. The company Srpangite is now in production in its fourth set of acetylene acetylene, with a total capacity of 1.04 million tonnes/year, making it the world's top priority.
New high-end materials projects such as petg, 90,000 tonnes/yearmma are being put into production, while the goal is to build the world’s largest photovoltaic production base, with the planned millions of tonsofeva project continuing to work. The company is fully engaged in strategic industrial transformation around new energy materials, new high-performance materials, low-carbon green industries, and is committed to building and building nuclear power.
The new pattern of “1+n” of diversified industrial chains, such as core feedstock platforms plus new energy sources, new materials, electronic chemistry, biotechnology, etc., has broad scope for development in the future. Given the cost-side crude oil prices, and the slow rise in downstream demand in the petrochemical industry chain, there is a downward shift for profit.
Based on the scarcity of highly refined and high-quality assets, the company’s business performance is expected to improve as the industry’s landscape recovers, maintaining a firm’s rating as buying. Crude oil prices fluctuate sharply, the economy drops sharply, and policy risks lead to production constraints or demand below expectations.
Eastern Rainbows 20231120 Eastern Rainbows 202300424 Soldier International Securities Inc.
Table 2. Summary of financial report for the first quarter of 2024 on the Eastern Rainbow