In line with expectations, focus on large clinical elasticity and the continued expansion of alpha, a performance forecast for 2019.
Focusing on performance elasticity in the context of accelerated clinical operations,1 a rational view of quarterly volatility, with a long-cycle view that corporate ownership profits continue to grow at a high rate. Our previous evaluation report, The Tag Medicines Point Review: Accelerating Pre-Clinical Service Platform Layout, expects to be a net profit for the entire year.
703 million dollars, the result of which is largely due to changes in the accounting standards for non-loss and gain, compared with the advance of 300 per cent, which revealed “non-recurring gains and losses of $250-350 million in 2019”, which is the main comparison of the Unit with the trend of 300 per cent in depth.
If the gains on the fair value of the financial assets recognized in accordance with the guidelines for new financial instruments are the result of gains on fair value and gains on equity transfers, we assume that the median non-recurring gain/loss (300 million yuan) is the expected net profit after deduction of $495-602 million, followed by net profit from the mother of 0.57-164 million, with an increase of about 20 per cent in the single quarter.
Quarterly volatility is seen in the context of the company’s performance of clinical orders. The performance elasticity of major clinical operations is expected to be more pronounced and worthy of focus by 2020.
Corporate data analysis, highlighting that “with high-cost base effects, there has been a marked improvement in profitability, and we think that the reason for the acceleration of large clinical operations in the coming year might be the elasticity created by the release of company personnel, as the structure of the company's major clinical orders progresses to a later stage, if the company's cora resource mix is in 2020”.
In a reasonable situation, we believe that the trend is likely to continue, taking into account the increased human effectiveness context, and that it is expected to contribute to a clear elasticity of performance, suggesting attention. The alpha expression of the indigenous clinical cro may be different from the path we know overseas.
1. Tagger Medicine (300347), pre-clinical service platform, although clinical cro itself, as part of the division of labour in the globalized industry, has common indicators to assess the competitiveness of companies, we believe that it is based on the special nature of the policy environment created by domestic clinical cro (in itself)
2. Tagger Medicine (300347) Review: Launch of h shares, upgrading service capabilities in ongoing supply side reforms) and differences in the business layout base, and there may be different development paths in the process of increasing global competitiveness, regardless of recent participation in Japanese ps and Fangda holdings to accelerate the expansion of technology.
On the market, internationalization accelerates, regulation of radius expansion, and production, and securitization of Korean companies... these paths are moving forward, and we may be looking at the path to corporate development, which is, of course, a gradual process, which we believe is not suitable for static business in the short term.
Growing up to evaluate the development space of the company, we're happy to see the company's new technology platform constantly building and internationalizing its own business ceiling as it unfolds, and the company's recent launch of an announcement about the start-up of the company's listings, which we believe is evidence of the company's progressive completion.
Globalization operations management, in the process of becoming an important challenge in corporate governance from subsidiaries, modules (Korea, Fonda's separate listing, is an exploration), and the parent company a+h's listing, we believe, is also an important exploration for the expansion of corporate governance radius, and we appreciate the financing, M & As, as a whole, of this exploration.
Incentives are convenient, and this is an important step to upgrade the industry’s beta dividend. Considering the impact of the changes in accounting standards revealed by this performance forecast, we maintain the previous profit projections for the main industry, doublepe, and we maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account comparable corporate valuations and the continuing climate of the industry in which the company operates.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, fair, and not to be influenced by any third party.