I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2019. tigermedreportedpreliminaryearningsfor 2019.atriblenetprofitsurged 80% yoytormb 848mnwhochwasmainly dueto1) 23% yoyrevenuegraughtduringtheperiod, 2) rm250-350mnone-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Jillewu, cfa growthin 2019wasaround 28% yoy, excludingimpactroomthespin-off.we alsoculatethecorenetprofitincreased 69% yoyin2019.weestimamategross
Marginimproved 5.0 pptsto48.2% in2019thankstothespin-offoflowmargin logisticsbusessandlargerincomefromhh-marginclinclinicaltechnal samhu, phd
I don't know what you're talking about, sirises. Weraisedourearningsforeastsandraisesotp-basedtp to midnear-termimpactfromcovid-19outbreak.
We think the processofofclinicaltialswillcatchuptrommarkandtheoverall
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere, I'm not going anywhere, I'm not going anywhere, I'm not going anywhere, I'm not going to be here, I'm going to be here.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Globalexsionensuproomformorlong-termgroveth.asofend-2018, tigermedoperated 11overseasofficesinapaciafic, europeandnorth america.tigermedplanstistssubsiarydreamicisinkosdaq, which
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but...
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, therebeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisoritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistaction.thisreportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanysecurity ornyinterestinsecuritiesorenterintoanytransaction.nether and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, curators, offices, offices, offices.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.