Performance meets expectations, and three major business blocks are worth looking forward to - The company's 2019 performance report was released on 28 February with the company's dynamic evaluation of the Tiger Medicine (300347).
282,321,400 yuan, an increase of 22.71 per cent over the same period in the previous year; total profits of $107,13.13 million, compared with the performance of pharmaceutical organisms, which met market expectations and increased at a higher rate as a result of changes in non-loss/loss accounting standards.
It is expected that, based on the disclosure of prior performance forecasts, the company ' s performance in 2019 will increase at a significant rate, but mainly due to a significant increase of $115 million, excluding significant changes in non-recurring gains and losses, the main battalion ' s performance will be market-friendly and will continue to increase at a high rate of approximately 53.43 per cent in median terms.
We expect a significant increase in the company’s Māori ratio, mainly due to large clinical fees and partial divestiture of the company’s assets. The company’s Māori Ratio is expected to rise again.
There is still room for upswing, either because of the cost of handouts, or because of old projects and the relatively low Māori rate of medical equipment project zhouyu@cczq.com, which will be completed sequentially, and because the share of clinical projects in the implementation of the three phases of the contract will increase.
In terms of medicine, we expect a higher increase in revenues this year as Shanghai and the United States start to produce new production capacity, particularly in the large molecular sector, with better “volume” support, in addition to the expansion of the industry chain and the establishment of strategic partnerships with Aslicon, and the market-based or continuing presence of companies in the corporate digital sector.
As we move up, the revenue end will remain at a higher rate, with the value and the high profile of the industry in which the company operates, and we will maintain an “up” rating.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person who obtained the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.