Dyfluramid fda is the first to be approved, with high barrier varieties competing for the Henry Medicines, the Henry Medicines (600276).
Zhang Jinyang zhangjy@dxzq.net.cn was approved by fda, symbol a208234.
The first to be approved, the best competitive pattern is expected to be fast-discharged The inhaler for residential and outpatient adult, infant and child surgical patients with maintenance anesthesia. The first to be found in the United States, HS is currently available with the exception of the original research company, U.S.B.
Fluorine-based generics, with an excellent pattern of competition, are expected to be rapidly released. The fluoroalkane commodity, known as suprane, was first marketed by the U.S. fda in 1992 and is now in several countries and territories, including the EU, South America, Taiwan, Japan, and Korea.
On the market side, the global market size of HFCs in 2016 was $270 million (the company had previously been declared in the EU for HFCs), and the United States market was about $110 million in 2017 (the end of Bloomberg).
End-scale, figure 2), domestic sample hospital size in 2016 is about 10 million yuan. (Model, hospital terminal, figure 1).
1. The three-quarter review of Heung Swe Medicines (600276) 2017: The export of Heung Swe formulations in 17-18 is expected to be approved. Due to the excellent competitive pattern, we anticipate an acceleration of income performance on a seasonal basis, with the strong being “severe”
$40 million-$50 million in sales proceeds, which became another post-Heung Swe cyclophosphate, 2 and the Hin Swe Medicines (600276) incident review: heavy pounding, new capricorn data declared production, fast-tracked.
This species has also been included in the 21st Priority Review, with t-fluoro-alkanes as clinical batches.
3 In Heung Swe Medicines (600276), 2017, reported production for the same production line, listed in the European Union in 2017. So Heung Swe is performing well in China, increasing research and development efforts to innovate.
4 “The Heung Swe (600276) Incident Review: Dyfluoride EU approval, domestic entry priority review, Heung Swe land unshakeable” 2017-07-17
Figure 1: Domestic sample hospital sales of t-fluoroalkanes and speed increases Figure 2: t-fluoroalkane pombo terminal sales (wac, millions of dollars per month)
2. The approval of high barrier varieties, and Hing Swe’s still looking forward to the export of the formulations this year, are among the high barrier drug and device bundle applications. No generic drugs have been approved since their listing in 1992, reflecting the difficulties of developing them.
Ten dandas (table 1) have been exported, especially in the case of injectable preparations. This year, HFCs have been approved for release and are still expected throughout the year. On the basis of a combination of dmf, we expect that the capeta, sulfurta liver, sodium sulfate, supplants, capophen, etc., will be able to obtain ada in the United States, with a better pattern of competition and market space, with a total sale of 100-200 million dollars. (Table 2)
East is rich and resourceful with Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Fluorine fda is first approved, high-barrel competition is expected to be fast-tracked, high-speed and high-profile. It benefits from heptafluoroane overseas, the power of ammonium at aqueous banks, and the country’s new carpofin net, new admission to health care, right-hand Metomicine,
The Apadaloni that entered the negotiating catalogue is expected to grow at a rate of more than 20% on the company’s revenue side. In addition, 2018 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while several of the first varieties are expected to benefit from a priority review to accelerate their listing.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): the first-ever approval of HFC-fda, and an excellent competitive pattern of high barrier varieties are expected to be released quickly.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
Its in-depth research and insights provide an analysis of its own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.