Authorisation of btk inhibitors, and success of the overseas innovative drug strategy The protocol of 10/01 2018 granted btk inhibitors with down payment plus milestone plus sales expected to reach $347 million
On 8 January 2018, the company issued a circular announcing an agreement with the United States company tgthapetics (tg) to grant a paid licence to tg for btk inhibitors shr 1459 and shr 1266 with autonomous intellectual property rights for treatment of malignant haematoma outside Asia, including Japan.
The company is expected to receive up to $347 million in initial payments and milestones, and overseas sales + adaptive expansion for market expansion btk is a key part of the b-cell receptor circuit, with high expression leading to over-active access and b-cell malignantness.
Retarding btk inhibits b-cell activity, breeds and survives, and then inhibits b-cell lymphoma growth. Shr 1459 and shr 1266 are co-priced btk inhibitors, and the same products that are currently on the market include Ibleani and the newly approved Akalabudeni, which were sold in 2016.
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, the Unit is estimated to be 3,083 million dollars. Preclinical studies show that shr 14,459 tumor activity is comparable to Akarabudeni, and that good response rates are expected to be lower than Ibleini, and that there is much room for development.
Activation, reduction of the inflammation factor and, consequently, reduction of rheumatism, gives btk inhibitors the potential to expand the response, promising to enter the market for their own immune diseases and create new marketing elasticities.
The company is in the process of transition from generic to innovative medicines in overseas markets, and in recent years has been continuously declared, with new products such as pd-1 antishr 1210 and jak inhibitor shr 0302 licensed to overseas companies. This btk suppressant is another of the company’s overseas strategies.
Milestones, the re-accreditation of companies’ innovative research and development capabilities, have contributed to the further strengthening of corporate brands for the export of agents and the further expansion of channels. Companies have steadily increased their sales of existing products, improved domestic and international R & D layouts for innovative medicines and imitators, in their variety and variety.
67x, 55x, and 45x, maintaining the `prudentially recommended' rating. R & D processes are not as expected; medicines are not sold as expected.
On 9 January 2018, the company issued a circular announcing an agreement with the United States company tgthapetics (tg) to grant a paid licence to the company tg for the btk inhibitor shr 1459 and shr 1266 with autonomous intellectual property rights, which received exclusive clinical development and market sales outside Asia (including Japan) for the treatment of malignant blood tumours.
For this transaction, Heung Swe medicine is expected to receive up to $347 million in initial payments and milestone payments, plus sales to include: 1) $1 million in initial payments (or tg equity equivalent) to be paid within 90 days of the signing of the agreement: 2) release milestones, whereby the company can accumulate up to $7.1 million after each product has entered different stages of clinical trials
(b) Each product, after approval by the authorized country, is paid by tg for a cumulative amount of up to $48 million to Heung Swe: 3) in sales.
tg pays a cumulative sum of up to 80 million United States dollars (US$) to Heung Swe in the range of US$ 250-10 billion per product sale.