On March 2nd, the company issued an announcement that its subsidiary, Shanghai Heung-si, had recently received a U.S. fda general notice, and that Shanghai Heung-si had submitted to fda a brief application for new drugs (anda) for inhaled land fluoroalkane.
Basic data (2017q3) approved by the U.S. fda review. Inhaled ground-based HFCs are marketed in the U.S. as the first generic, and competitive patterns are good
Dysorne inhalants apply to the maintenance of anesthesia for in-patient and outpatient adults, infants, and children with surgery.
The main shareholder (2017q3) HFC-based generics were approved for listing in China and the United States, and Hing Swe ' s inhaled ground-based HFCs were the first generic in the United States, and the competitive pattern is good and is expected to quickly capture the market share of the original research.
Global market sales of about $270 million for t-fluoro-alkanes, inhalation of t-al-f-nes in the first three quarters of 2017, global market sales of about $200 million, United States market sales of about $100 million, China market sales revenue structure (2016y)
Inhaled land-based HFCs were studied in Henry, Shanghai, from 2012 and approved in 2017 in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands, and China ' s listing applications are under review and are currently in the process of being reviewed, including ground-based HFCs, heptafluoroalkanes, epoxy, aquiku ammonium, Dosita, etc.
In total, the company has 10 adanda documents, and in the future more varieties will be declared and approved offshore, and the export of preparations has become a new profit growth point for the company. Corporate risks include, but are not limited to, the risk of failure in R & D, the risk of price reduction for medicines,
Proprietary risks, policy risks, leading domestic innovation drug research and development firms, innovation drug research and development in the harvest period, formulations becoming new profit growth points for companies, in the context of increasing concentration in the pharmaceutical industry, and the development of new drugs in the developing world.
The industry has a strong and strong edge. We look at the future of the company, and we maintain the view that "Improving the research of the Du geese." Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, nor will it be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.