The pace of internationalization of the Heung Swe Medicines (600276) and the success of the South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) overseas of Shr0302 has accelerated.
Incident: An agreement was reached in the United States between the company and the United States company arcutis to license the Jak1 inhibitor (known as “shr0302”) project for treatment of immune system diseases with autonomous intellectual property rights to the United States company arcutis, which was licensed to conduct research and development and to sell the shr0302 agent ranged from the Bureau for treatment of skin diseases.
In keeping with the strategy of internationalization, innovation is accelerating the pace of internationalization. Innovation and internationalization are two of the company’s development strategies.
Multiple varieties receive clinical approval for fda, and as research and development progresses on the varieties, there will be more heavy-pound varieties for overseas clinical declarations or overseas entitlements, and the pace of internationalization will be accelerated. A maximum of $223 million will be available.
In two cases, or 30 days after the signing of the agreement, Arcutis will pay $0.4 million; from the date of the agreement, Arcutis will be conducting an 18-month assessment period, and when the decision is made to formally introduce Shr0302, the Arcutis Department will be required to make an additional down payment of $1.5 million.
Milestones. Development and listing milestones are payments of $3 million and $17.5 million, respectively, for entry into clinical hives and successful listings; and sales performance milestones are milestones of up to $200 million cumulatively when Shr 0302 sales reach different targets.
Tofaldini was granted domestic import approval in March 2012 for his low-level fda. The global market for his own immuno-disease is about $60 billion, which, according to ep data, has been held by the anti-tnf-α biopharmaceuticals represented by Adamu.
More than $30 billion. In 2016, Tofaldeni's global sales were $930 million, representing a 77 per cent increase, and Pfizer's sales against the tnf-α monopolistic market showed that small molecular targets at the jak target had initially been successful. The company shr0302 was the leading home-grown Jak1 inhibitor.
In the study of varieties, there are about 5 million new patients per year in the country, at a cost of 25,000 yuan per year (about US$ 25,000 per year) and up to 60,000 patients per year, and shr 0302 is the best forecast of future profits and investment proposals in the country.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The clinical data of the Quantico Denny is excellent and is expected to speed up the approval process (2017-12) and draw the stove, and high-priced execution shows confidence.
Heung Swe Medicines (600276): The Super-Importal Caltini newspaper has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for its specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.