On January 16, the company issued an announcement that the company's innovation drug Ins068 had access to the United States.
Fda Clinical Trial Qualifications for Medicines. Innovative drug shr9549 gets cfda Clinical Trials Batch, Basic Data (2017q3) and will be running i Clinical Trials in the near future.
Ins068 and shr9549 have been approved in the United States and abroad, respectively, and ins068 is a basic (long-acting) insulin, which is intended for type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
All three drugs are currently approved in China.
The producer of domestic insulin-like pharmaceuticals is 20 Li Pharmacy Ltd. and Chuhai Federal Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. The global sales of 20 insulin in 2016 were about $12.3 billion in income structure (2016y)
Insulin is sold globally in Devereaux at about $770 million, while insulin is sold globally at about $4.26 billion, totalling more than $17 billion. Ins068 will be another pound product on the company's diabetes research and development pipeline.
Shr9549 is an oral small molecular selective estrogen receptor, to be applied in the last six months to the er-positive and her2-negative breast cancers compared to 300 in the last six months.
The Division was developed by Aslicom and approved by the Food and Drug Surveillance Authority of the United States in 2002 for the treatment of er-positive breast cancer relapsed from estrogen-assisted treatments, and combined with the cdk4/6 inhibitor palbocilib for the treatment of estrogen-transmitted er
Positive and her2 negative breast cancer, which was approved for import in China in June 2010. In 2016, the FDRC sold approximately $5.435 million in China and $790 million in global sales. Shr9549 is an oral agent, which is easier to use than the FDRC, and has been approved for clinical treatment.
The research and development of anti-cancer small-molecular drugs has been improved. The research and development of innovative medicines is in the harvest period, many products are expected to be marketed in recent years.
New medicines are applied for clinically, and every 2-3 years there is a positive development in the listing of new medicines.
The iii phase of clinical trials for products such as pd-1 monodynastics, Farmitoni, and Reimaacon are also moving steadily. Companies, as leaders of domestic innovation drugs, are now in the harvest of innovative medicines.
The company’s stomach cancer target is negotiated into the health-care catalogue of the drug Apadaloni, and future sales are expected to increase significantly. In addition, k19, protein violet, etc., are entering a priority review channel, with corporate risks including, but not limited to, the risk of failure in R & D, the risk of price reduction of medicines,
Proprietary risks, policy risks, leading domestic innovation drug research and development firms, innovation drug research and development in the harvest period, formulations becoming new profit growth points for companies, in the context of increasing concentration in the pharmaceutical industry, and the development of new drugs in the developing world.
The industry has a strong and strong edge. We look at the future of the company, and we maintain the view that "Improving the research of the Du geese." Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, nor will it be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.