Pharmaceutical chromium btk inhibitor authorization tgtherapetonics, “Get out of strategy to accelerate progress”
Incidents: The company granted a paid licence to the United States company tgthapetics to btk inhibitors 1459 and shr 1266 with autonomous intellectual property rights, and tg would acquire its right to exclusive clinical development and marketing for the treatment of malignant blood tumours in regions outside Asia (but including Japan) on a single or combined basis.
shr 1459 studies excellent data: shr 1459 and shr 1266 are btk-target drugs that, by selectively suppressing btk stimulant enzymes, can inhibit b-cell activation, enrichment, and survival, leading to the treatment of b-cell lymphoma. At the same time, btk stimulant enzyme inhibits transactivity, reduces inflammation of inflammation factors, and thus mitigates rheumatism.
Arthritis. Studies show that on the btk inhibitor-sensitive extended large b-cell lymphoma mouse model, shr1459 has a similar depressive activity to the recently approved btk inhibitor acalabrutinib. shr1459 was initiated in the country in December 2017 for the treatment of blood tumours in i clinical trials;
The market for btk inhibitors is still in the pre-clinical stages of research and development: only two of the btk-target drugs, ibrutinib (Iruetini) and acalabrutinib, are currently on the market.
Mainly used for the treatment of various diseases such as lymphoma, lymphocyte lymphoma, etc., was listed in 2013 by the Fda, which was listed domestically in August 2017. Irudeni's sales have risen rapidly since the market, reaching $3.08 billion in global sales in 2016. Acalabrutib is acerta under the Aslicon flag.
In addition, according to the Pharmacy Network, there are currently 19 companies in the world with btk inhibitors entering clinical trials, of which there are seven products for clinical trials in China.
State zanubrutinib is in a clinical ii. Overall, the btk inhibitor drug market is still in its early stages, with few players on the field, and with future developments in research products, the field is expected to break out, with the pace of overseas layout accelerating, short-term performance + long-term internationalization goals are expected to yield a double harvest: the rivals of this deal.
Fantg, based in New York, United States, has been listed in Nasdak, mainly for the development and sale of innovative drugs. It was agreed that Henry would receive about $347 million in initial payments and milestones from tg, plus 10-12% of sales after the drugs were marketed, so on the one hand, Shr 1459 and Shr 1266 are overseas authorized.
It helps to widen the overseas market for the drug, enhances the company’s earnings from overseas operations, further enhances its performance, and strengthens the company’s position as a leading pharmaceutical producer in the country. It also shows that the company has once again gained international recognition for its own research and development of new drugs.
The “go-out” strategy highlights the firm’s determination to internationalize, and it is an inevitable option for the company to develop further. As the company’s deployment in overseas markets progresses, Hen Swe is expected to grow into an international pharmaceutical enterprise in the future.
Dollars. Based on the value premium on company-rich product pipelines and domestic innovation drug taps, we buy-a