Heung Swe medicine (600276) is expected to produce more than expected, or to become a heavy all-manufacturing product, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incidents: On 21 March, the National Drug Control Authority ' s Drug Center (cde) publicly accepted a company ' s listing application for a class of fully sterilized drugs, and the symphatic sulfonic sulfonic acid sulfonol, which is expected to become a brand new product in the field in the short term.
One was first declared in June 2012 and was granted a clinical release in March 2013. On March 21, the Pharmacy Center (cde) officially admitted the production of the company Rama Xenon (case No. cxhs 1800001, cxhs 1800002), which is expected to be supermarket.
It's probably going to go to the next list of priority reviews: if the selection review is going to go well, it's likely to be approved in 2018, just like Pygmy, pd-1, and 19k. Clinical advantages will be significant, and it will become new varieties in the whole field.
The gaba-a receptor agonist, which is an ultra-speed sedative/anaesthetic that combines the anesthetic and the efficacy of the meta-polyphenol to the operation of the anesthetic. The clinical defect is the metabolic accelerator, the product of which is still active, and the patient ' s recovery time has been greatly prolonged; and the Rama phoreon is in the midar.
The modifier products based on the structure of the lymphs, which are quick awakening (super-short effect), safer and more efficient, are ideal short-acting sedatives/aesthesia products. The adaptive conditions will expand gradually, with a peak sales of more than $2 billion. In 2017, the entire market for all-a-kind drugs in the country will be able to grow.
According to the company's clinical program, it is expected that the product will first be marketed as a “gas mirror” for sedatives, and that it will be expanded to “intestinal mirrors for sedatedness,” “opt-out whole-surgery” and two adaptive conditions.
Then, with its clinical advantages, it will be possible to replace some of the traditional whole-of-the-life drug markets. If we get three adaptives, Ramacon is expected to change the pattern of the whole market and gain more than 20% of the whole market for 10 years, with a firm view to the company’s leading position in pharmaceutical science and technology; many of the company’s heavy-pound varieties have been approved for nearly three years.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Accelerating to become a leading, international-class, comprehensive pharmaceutical company (2018-02-26) 2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276).
Quick, shr0302 Successful overseas authorization (208-01-05) 3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Clinical data of the thorni
Draws the stove, high-priced implementation shows confidence, 1 all-new varieties with over-expected production for the first time in a clinical release. The variety has now completed 11 and 111 clinical trials with painless gastric mirrors, and the gastric mirrors have calmed down.
On 21 March 2018, according to the latest data from the Drug Center (cde), the declared production of the species (nda) was accepted (admissible number cxhs 1800001, cxhs 1800002), and it is expected that it will enter the next priority review at approximately rate.
The list, if the review is successful, is expected to be approved in 2018, as is the case with Pythonite, pd-1, and 19k. Rimal is a short-lived gaba-a receptor agonist developed by Paionag, which is an ultra-quick sedative/anaesthetic drug that combines the safety of the Midar and the effectiveness of the isopropanol for surgical anesthetics.
Alkali is unstable, and Paionag is developing sulfonic acid, which is currently in the ii phase of clinical research. Two pharmaceutical companies in the country have declared Rama sulfon, and the company has developed the physicochemical properties of the sulfonic acid, which have many advantages, while the toxicity of the sulfonic acid is lower than the sulfonic acid, which has improved the safety of clinical patients.
In addition, the Phenomenon industry has submitted a request for clinical registration of the formulations and raw materials of the sulfurate from the Rima sulfate, which has now been obtained and studied in clinical batches with a lower probability of short-term listing.
Table 2: Information on the domestic clinical register of the Rimali sulfonyl sulfate medicine of the Izumi people. The company has completed clinical trials of 1, 11 and 111 with painless gastric lenses. According to the Clinical Registration Information Platform, the company ' s Rima sulfon sulfonol clinical trial was in the group of 384 people, with the test drug C.
Bethol injection fluids. 2 new drugs in the field of anaesthesia.
A good product, with the characteristics of awakening (super-short), safer and more effective than a midar, is the ideal short-acting town. Figure 2: mida sulfon, rhima sulfonic sulfate, which works in the gaba-a receptor, produces anaesthesia. Rhima sulfon is rapidly exposed to non-specific esters in the body.
The hydrolysis of enzymes is a blubberpropyl acid, which is 1,400 per cent of the gaba-a receptor's affinity and has little pharmacological activity, which significantly shortens the recovery time of the rima sulfon compared to that of the mida sulfon; and the defect of the midar sulfon is that its metabolic products remain active, which greatly prolongs the patient's recovery time.
According to the National Statistics Office, the annual number of surgeries in the country has increased steadily in 2010-2016.
In the field of anaesthesia, product turnover is much lower than in other drug use areas, and most of the existing products, represented by propofol and heptafluoroane, are mature and clinically used for many years.
The total market is expected to be about $10 billion. Propentol is still the largest allama species in the domestic market, with a rate of about 60% in the city; Heptafluoroane is the first inhaler, with a rate of about 30% in the city.
Upon the market, the two analytic conditions, namely, intestinal therapy, and altitudinal surgery, will be expanded. After the market, the clinical advantages of Ramaconon will be expected to replace a part of the traditional whole-body drug market.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.