In recent days, in the domestic generic market, the company has been continuously receiving approval for the production of ammonium sulfonium-sulfomide injection fluids.
In addition, the company's innovative pharmaceutical crop, the martoxone diazole, declared its production as clinical data and entered the priority review, with the expectation that it would be marketed in 2018.
The sulfonyl sulfonium is approved for ammonium acetone and pallized sulfonol injections, and a new product line is modelled: sulfonyl sulfonic ammonium acid is a neuromuscular retardant, which is a neutral, depolarized, hemolytized skeletal muscle relaxing agent. According to sample hospital data, about $290 million is sold worldwide.
The Chinese market sold some RMB 1.6 billion of the original research varieties, which are worth about $30 million, and the Innovation Pharmacy has continued to grow, and the company has the same outlook. Parli Osteoporosis is a synthetic, bioactive, side chain (d2).
2. "Performance is largely in line with expectations, innovation and secondary thyroid hyperactivity associated with chronic renal disease (ckd) in the overseas period.
Roughly $720 million, the company’s largest in-country, is currently studying or awaiting approval for about five of them.Fda-based HFCs have been approved for listing, company formulations have been exported for the eleventh danda, and internationalization is steadily advancing: HFC inhalants are applied to in-patient and outpatient adults, infants, and children with surgery.
At present, the United States market is selling only the inhaled ground-based HFCs of the original study, and according to the terminal sample hospital data, the United States market as a whole was about $150 million in 2016, the first overseas company to obtain inhaled land-based HFCanda approvals, and is expected to share $150 million with the company in the future.
In August last year, the C.C.C.C.C.'s listing application went to cde and entered the priority review channel. D.C. is the company's own 1.1 type of egfr/her-2 target inhibitor, which is currently clinically adaptive.
For the transfer of breast cancer, ii excellent clinical data, mpfs can reach 18.1 months. Prospective ii clinical ii, which is approved for marketing at the same time, we expect the sales peak of Pyridone to be more than $2 billion.
They maintain a corporate "buy-in" rating and raise the company's profit forecast. We expect that in 2017-2019, Lee Ying Lei will have an uncertain price and risk of a reduction in the price of a national generic tender; and that there will be a follow-up on research and development on innovative medicines.
Uncertainty, which may fall short of expectations; uncertainty in the approval of overseas generics and innovative drug varieties.