Consumer Upgrade and Entertainment Research Center Channel stock and priceboards, new products continue to be good, channels move good, stocks and price boards are good: recent feedback, 1) dream 6+ national caliber sales have been made.
Super-dream 6, with a current batch price of $575-580, with a terminal price of $650 and a low inventory. 2) Crystal dream has replaced the 70-80% of the old dream 3 and is currently stable at $460, with a batch price of approximately $430-440 and a channel of $30-35/bottle. 3) Sea, sky and post-control stocks less than a month, sea
Dreams 6+ are over-expected, crystals are steadily improving: the company's 2021 business goal is to increase revenue by the same amount, 1.21q1 performance is over-expected, multi-dimensional reforms are ongoing, feedback and sales are over-expected, and high sales are expected to increase throughout the year.) Crystal dreams themselves are in place.
While reform progress has been relatively slow as a result of the competitive sub-higher mainstream price belts, it has benefited from the feasts 2. The 4q20 product overlaps, the medium-term outlook for back-up consumption, and recent releases have been steadily improving, and q3 is expected to achieve a full replacement of the old dream 3.
3) The sea and the sky are in a phase of counter-price control, and it is expected that a new round of reforms in the blue sky will be launched in the third quarter. The company’s operations have entered an accelerated phase, and it continues to look firmly on: 1) Channel: The Sea Dream Project 3.
The Ministry operates more efficiently, and the vendor model has been changed to “one-stop shop, multi-share” and the test has been changed from a “hard one-size-fits-all” to a “soft price, channel profit test”; the current stock of products is only one month, 4.
2) Products: The current steady implementation of Dream 6+, the replacement of Crystal Dreams, Double Strike - Three Quarterly Review of Ocean Rivers, Level and Nationalization; Sea and Sky Controls are well priced and a new round of reforms is expected to start in the third quarter; Bi-Giving Liquor
3) Internal mechanisms: In the medium and long term, the company's personnel adjustments are on the ground, stock buybacks are completed, and apart from the steady distance of the Soo Liquor Leader and the accelerated effect of the reforms, which has resulted in equity incentives for senior managers, it is hoped that there will be a number of incentives to boost internal morale.
In our view, the company’s vast internal and external space, with more than 2 to 3 billion core markets outside of the province, highlights a solid brand base and deep distribution capacity. The current trend towards accelerated corporate reform has not changed, with 14 billion two billion monoliths.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, increased risk from competition in regional markets, food security problems.