Ocean River shares (002304), critical event review, May 31, 2021.
On May 27, Yang Ha shares held a general meeting of shareholders and interacted with investors, which provided a detailed review of the changes in the company over the last two years and detailed planning for the 14th Five-Year Plan.
(a) Business reforms have been effective in recent years, with a record low of 10 years, a gradual return to market order, brand changes, successful landings and a significant increase in confidence in the internal and external environment; (b) 145 companies have developed two brands of wine, which have been driven by ocean rivers, which have contributed to the creation of new growth points in the ocean rivers, supplemented by expensive bottled sauce; (c) dream series and end sales have been better, with 6+ high-growth lead companies showing up, with 3 crystals.
The bottle has been scaled up, followed by a step-by-step upgrade of the sky and sea, and the 21-year goal of double-digit growth is expected to be successfully achieved. It is expected that corporate change will be “hard” and sales will reverse the trend upwards.
In response to these problems, in July 2019, the company began to undertake reforms in marketing instruments, systems, strategies, etc., to achieve better results of change: (a) change that successfully transforms downward trends into upward trends, and the steady growth of 2020q4 represents the complete completion of the change; (b) company stock levels continue to decline significantly, with the current pipeline stock at its lowest level in almost 10 years; and (c) market order improves significantly, with the company ' s products gradually moving from one channel to another.
The shift to user focus has changed the situation of vicious competition among market distributors; 4) the branding landscape has changed dramatically, with changes in corporate products first pushing the dream 6+ upgraded, followed by the upgrading of crystal dream and other series of products, and the overall rise in prices and steady upwards of the dream 6+ and dream 3 crystal editions; 5) there has been a significant change in confidence in the internal and external environment, a change in the dealer's level from the past to the negative side, and a significant increase in the employee system's confidence index.
The company's current blue series is still growing steadily, the series of dream upgrades are gradually coming to fruition, and the dream 6+ nationalization is expected to be a success of 10 billion monoliths, the dream 3 crystal bottle upgrades.
At this new stage of development, the company offered to reboot the two trenches as an independent system, which would be fully independent by the end of the year. In 2016, the public department acquired Guizhou wine, pre-positioned it and planned it, when the wine marketing system was completely independent, and it was hoped that it would succeed in becoming a new ocean.
According to the feedback received from the channels, which were positive, the dream 6+ and the dream 3 crystal bottles were better sold, and the goal of double-digit revenue growth was expected to be successfully achieved throughout the year. According to the feedback from the channels, the dream 6+ sales were better this year, with a 30 per cent or more increase compared to 19 years, and higher income was expected throughout the year.
In mid-Autumn, a complete replacement for the old dream is expected, with the current crystal dream approved at around $420, the final deal at about $460, and the channel and terminal profits are relatively high. With the current channels being streamlined, the blue sky will continue to be upgraded this year, the blue sea will be upgraded next year, the firm will be dynamic, driven by the dream series, especially the 6+ boom, and the ocean's basic plate will be stable, and the firm's trend will be gradually upwards, with a successful harvest expected in 2021.
Investment Recommendations: Keeping in sight the impact of corporate reform and maintaining the “buy-in” rating, Ocean River Stock - 002304-2020 and Quarterly 2021: Non-recurring gains impacting performance, q1 earnings and non-profit expectations. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on his professional understanding, rational judgment and conclusions, and aim to be objective and public