Reforms have accelerated at the bottom of the trend towards a positive trend – the annual report of Ocean River shares (002304.sz) assesses the net profit of the mother at 38.11, an increase of 19.01% over the same period. A slightly higher performance in the quarter is expected.
Cao q4 growth ring speed, 21q1 is largely at pre-reform levels for the same period. 20q4 camp net profit is reduced to 2,187 million yuan and 297 million yuan, an increase of 7.82 per cent, 25.39 per cent and 0.25, respectively.
The product structure is high, and the high-quality whites are growing faster than the average. The whites are better off in the provinces than in the provinces, where one major multi-trader has done a great deal of work to reform the distribution and distribution system.
Reforms at the bottom, product growth ahead of volume growth, and dream series at the end. The company’s forward marketing reforms focused on streamlining distribution relationships, restoring profit through the reshaping of the brand structure of Dream Series products and River Ocean Trenchs, and tightening the rules.
Quotas and digital controls are implemented. M6+ distributors and terminal profits are now up to 9%, 11% or more, m3 crystal single case profits are significantly higher than the old ones, channel profit margins are eliminated against competitors, overall pipeline stocks are reduced to about a month, and distributors are re-energized.
M6+ has completed the national market layout and began to over-dream sales at the beginning of the year; m3 is being imported at a fast pace to replace older products; and the dream blues release will boost overall performance.
Look at the company's success in nurturing the blue sea price belt and the return of the second-highest king. The company's m6+ uses a national network and brand influence to engage a wide range of businesses, drawing lessons from the saturation of seafood products, and to take the lead in developing a blue sea price belt of over $600.
Intra-market climate upgrades. Next high-end prices, such as ceilings, consumer upscaling, and wine bakers, are expected to become the price belt of the higher end of 500-800, with company access and marketing capabilities leading the race, and dream series of products growing up will gradually release the lead.
1- "Advanced performance point of the Ocean River shares (002304.sz) " with a clear strategy of double brand branding and a clear 21-year business acceleration towards a positive trend.
Sea-day products are off-loaded, new editions are on-going, channel stocks are low, opening up for 21 years, and the overall growth is expected to accelerate. Double-trenched brands are changing to Scho Sou, and Precious's products are fast-paced, continuing the year-on-year trend of doubling growth, introducing a business-based strategy for modest product development, and accelerating product ups and ups, along with the ocean river.
The company’s business goal for 2021 is to achieve a 10% increase in business income, and to end the successive downturns and reforms show results.
With a six-strength thrust, hard core six, corporate transformation will be much more robust and benign. 3. Ocean River Shares Insight: Starts a New Cycle. Click here to enter text.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.