The stockholders meeting was positive, and the business stoppage was gradually confirming the investment rating: buying (maintenance) the company convened the 2020 shareholders meeting, with the company's main management present.
• The Shareholder Conference sends a positive signal that Chairman Zhang of the company has proposed a two-brand multi-goods strategy (Yanjiang + Twin Trench + Liquor) that operates the two ditches as an independent system, serving in person as Chairman of the Twin Gaps, which is currently the marketing, management and production system
Independence and finance are in the process of becoming independent, and the wine marketing system is independent; Chairman Zhang has made it clear that m6+ is the company's core single item, while the strategic focus of the company remains focused; Executive President of the company and Chairman of the sales company, Mr. Liu, have made clear that this round of marketing changes has come to an all-out end and that the fundamentals have evolved.
The new product life cycle, which is about to open full-scale M6+-point 700+-price belt, has been growing rapidly on the basis of a complete replacement of older m6.
Intra- and partially-mainstream consumer prices have been better developed in the provinces; m3 Crystal Market has been completed and the consumer acceptance in the province has been somewhat slow, mainly because the price of the crystal version has been raised from $400 to $500, the price has crossed the four-way price, and short-term prices have significantly increased the consumer culture week.
The blue sea is expected to be upgraded in July, late in the year (or early next year), so that starting in 2022, the company will start a new product cycle with all of its dominant products. • Channel reform is advancing steadily, and the essence of product substitution is marketing model innovation
The core of the company’s two core monoliths, m6+ and m3 crystal version replacements is the innovation of marketing models brought about by a completely new control plate, a one-size-fits-all, multi-yard connection. In addition, the cost-infusion system has been re-established, the cost-efficiency of moving the cost of the guest gift around the consumer has been realized.
Upgrade, the m6+ and m3 crystals have formed a combination box; the promotion of integrated vendor reform, the establishment of a “one-stop shop-matching” model, the stability of the current price system for the company's core products, the significant improvement in the company's relationship with distributors and the increased incentive to sell channels; and the collapse of the company's two major industries into five new ones.
The Ministry of Advanced, Dream Blue, Sea Sky, and Twin Gaps has further refined the organizational structure, which is accompanied by the separation of product channels and some targeted efficiency gains. The Corporate Shareholders Assembly sends a positive signal that the product, m6+, is basically successful, m3 is crystallized.
A continuation of the new channel-controlled board-distribution model, which is once again out of line with the mainstream alcohol industry at the marketing level, is expected to be combined with M6+, with a long-lived relay. Adjustments to internal inter-oceanic personnel adjustments, organizational separation, channel reform, product renewal, etc. are in place, and a new sustainable growth cycle of the river is on its way.
Channel marketing has not been as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the blue of the sea, the blue of the dream, the blue m6+ and the crystal version of the roll-out have not been as fast as expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.