Quarterly reports are over-expected, and business outlets are gradually confirming investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) Ocean River shares are published on an annual basis, yielding $21.1 billion in 2020, yoy-8.8 per cent in return for repatriation
Net profit of $7.48 billion, 1.3 per cent more, net profit of $5.65 billion less than later return to the mother, and annual operating target of more than a 10 per cent increase in operating income on a year-on-year basis.” [Operative data] High-end alcohol (Blue Classic, Trench Trench Treasures, etc.) revenue in 2020
Youy-7.5 per cent, ordinary wine (old ocean wine, trophies, etc.) earns yay-14.9 per cent; White, led by a system of “one-stop shop, multi-market lineup”, shows a net decrease of 1,097 distributors; and finished products, prices of companies compared to 300 deep.
Ten thousand tons, two ditches, 100,000 tons of capacity, company capacity and stock of alcohol; 153 additional R & D staff, yoy+39 per cent, 100 million yuan, yoy+63 per cent of R & D costs in 2020, helping to ensure the high quality of the dominant product during the new product cycle.
The company simultaneously issued a quarterly report with a revenue of $10.52 billion, yoy+13.5 per cent for q1 in 2021, a net return to the mother of $3.86 billion, yoy-3.5 per cent (based on the fair value of silver securities in q1 in 20 years, $1 billion, yoy+19 per cent), after the market expected to increase revenue by the same 5-8 per cent and expected profits by the same quarter.
About 10 per cent, the company as a whole exceeded expectations for the quarter. [Financial indicator]q1 Māori rate of 76.16 per cent, with an increase of 2.42 pct, m6 plus volume-led product composition upwards; sales/management rate of 6.31 per cent/5.40 per cent, respectively, with the same decrease.
q1 sales return cash flows of $9.43 billion, yoy + 57.4 per cent overall, a new product life cycle that is about to be fully opened with M6 + 700 + price belts, has grown on the basis of a complete substitution for older m6.
Intra- and partially-mainstream consumer prices are better developed in the provinces; m3 crystal market has been completed, consumer acceptance in the province has been somewhat slow, mainly due to the fact that crystallization prices have been raised from $400 to $500, and prices have crossed in four, and short-term prices have significantly increased the consumer growth cycle.
The blue sea is expected to be upgraded by mid-year and late-years, so from 2021, the company will start a new product cycle for all of its dominant products.
• Channel reform is progressing steadily, and the essence behind the product conversion is the innovation of the marketing model River shares (002304); the new chairman is in office, plus the core of two of the company's core monoliths, m6+ and m3 crystal replacements is a completely new control board.
In addition, the cost-infusion system has been re-established, shifting the cost of guest-in-service gifts to consumer-oriented cost-efficiency.
Upgrade, the m6+ and m3 crystals have formed a combination box; the promotion of integrated vendor reform, the establishment of a “one-stop shop-matching” model, the stability of the current price system for the company's core products, the significant improvement in the company's relationship with distributors and the increased incentive to sell channels; and the collapse of the company's two major industries into five new ones.
The Ministry of Advanced, Dream Blue, Sea Sky, Twin Gaps has further refined the organizational structure, with product channels separated and targeted efficiency gains. 1-quarter report in 2021 was over-expected, m6+substitutes were largely successful, and m3 crystal extensions were extended.
A new channel-controlled board-distribution model is in place, with the mainstream alcohol industry again at the marketing level, and is expected to be combined with m6+, with a long-term relay. Adjustments are in place for personnel adjustment, organizational separation, reform of channels, product renewal, etc., and a new sustainable growth cycle for the river is on its way.
Channel marketing has not been as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the blue of the sea, the blue of the dream, the blue m6+ and the crystal version of the roll-out have not been as fast as expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.