Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Annual Report and Quarterly Review: Quarterly improvements in revenue and continuous structural upgrading Events: company 2020 report, company revenue, parent net profit, parent deductions
Compared to 73.43%, the highest in the last three years. Companies set a 21-year target, with a year-round increase in revenue and a 20-year analysis: the income growth rate is improving seasonally, and the product structure continues to improve overall market value/flow (million yuan)
Income analysis: The income growth rate has improved seasonally and the product structure has been continuously upgraded. Twenty years the company's income has increased by $21.10 billion, compared to $8.76 per cent, with quarterly growth rates of 14.89 per cent, 18.57 per cent, and 35 per cent in the blue classics, 20 per cent in the sky and 45 per cent in the dream blue.
Qualifying certificate code: , m3+ is gradually starting to replace m3, with a double-digit decline in the sea and sky series. High- and middle-grade white wines are higher, with slightly better performances than outside.
High-quality wines (more than $100/blue classics and treasures, etc.) were equal to -7.15 per cent; ordinary products (lower than $100/sea river & hyperbolic) were equal to -14.9 per cent; medium ton, 16 per cent; tonnage, 12.9 million; and tonnage, +9.6 per cent.
At the end of the 20th year, the company distributed the annual and quarterly reports: revenues improved on a quarterly basis, and the structure continued to upgrade 9051 vendors, with a net decrease of 1,097, guided by a “man-size-fits-all” for 19 years.
There has been a decrease in the number of dealers. In 20 years, the stock of finished wines has decreased by 24,000 tons, the stock of bees is 609,000 tons, the capacity of the two major production bases, Ocean River + Xiaoyang, 220,000 tons, the capacity utilization rate is 55 per cent, the capacity of two ditches is 100,000 tons, the capacity of production is 39 per cent, and the company ' s capacity and the stock of beverages is abundant.
Profit analysis: in 2020, the company achieved a net profit of 7,482 million yuan, + 1.35 per cent of the year, resulting in a double-digit increase in income for the first time in two years, a continuous upgrading of products, a company inventory, and a double-digit increase for the first time in two years.
We believe that the main contribution is made by dream blues, of which m6+ stock is low and investment returns impact on profits. q1 companies have a large difference between the rate of return and the rate of non-incremental deductions.
In addition, q1 cash refunds amounted to $9,433 million, compared to +57 per cent, sales collection rate 21 years outlook: dream 6+ upgrades, crystal version 3 continues to move forward.
The dream 6+ was launched in November 19 and took one year to complete the process from channel to consumer-to-customer recognition, with a price belt of $600-800, to take over the next-high-end step, with a better 21q1 acceleration. Crystal 3 followed the dream 6 upgrade thinking and operation.
q4 Q4 Q4 has stopped, q4 Q3 has begun to release the crystal 3 in an orderly fashion, and the crystal Quest is continuing, not yet at the point of release. The demand for sub-high-end price upgrades is likely to rise as the product becomes more acceptable to consumers.
Quantified, and continued progress on the crystal version is expected to lead to later release, and the recovery of profit from the channel is expected to lead to the sea.
The company developed a 14-year plan to build a “12345” strategic system, create river-run and power-driven ditches, promote sustained growth and steady qualitative growth at higher levels of enterprises, and propose a “divide synchronization” mechanism for high-end, nationalization, branding and internationalization.
In February, the company elected a new management officer, Chairman of Zhang Dongdong, Vice-President and President of Chung Yu, and Vice-President of Liu Zhenxian, who has a great deal of experience in managing the economy, is familiar with business and is experienced in innovative and large-scale projects.
The new management brings new weather to the company and is expected to contribute to the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan by using it to familiarize itself with the company's business and propose a strategy for its revival over the next five years during the spring sugar season.
As the new management takes office, the introduction of equity incentives will facilitate the implementation and completion of the 14th Five-Year Plan. Profit predictions: in the short term, companies are in an accelerated recovery phase, and companies, channels, and channels of stock, are gradually improving.
At the same time, equity incentives are approaching as personnel adjustments take place, contributing to the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan. In the long run, sub-higher recovery is expected to lead to a return to benign growth in the Sea Sky Dream series.
Looking ahead for 21 years, we believe that the company will continue to focus on the 6+ and Crystal 3 dreams, as well as on the sea blue/ sky blue and dream 9 upgrades. We believe that the company as a whole will show a 7% increase in profits over the next few years (excluding investment returns and net gains and losses on fair value changes).
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report