q2 sales feedback is positive, and the reform of the Soo Liquor has continued to accelerate.
q2 sales are good, product structure is accelerating. Recent feedback from sources, dealer confidence is restored, and overall sales are improving significantly. Sub-products: 1) m6+over-expected release, bulk price 620+, inventory is historically low. 2) Crystal dream demand is steadily recovering, compensatory consumption, such as a 5-year wedding dinner, stock 1-2
We expect the current crystal dream to replace old dream 3 by 8-9, with mid-autumn hope to replace it all. 3) The blue sky will limit the opening of tickets as of May 1st, and the price in the provinces will reach 270-280, which is expected to open a new rotational upgrade in q3. 4) The blue batch for the sea is about 120, which is expected next year.
In our view, the short, medium, long-term growth path for companies is clear, the product structure is moving up, and it is expected that the next year’s sea and sea reforms will continue to deliver dividends.
1. " Channel stock and prices are good, new products are continuous and lead the full-scale work of the two-trenched wine industry and the two-trenched wine sales company; Liu Xianxuan has assisted Chung Yu in performing his share of the company ' s management, managing the product centre and internationalization strategy, and is responsible for the group trade party ' s labour committee.
2. The performance of 21q1 has exceeded expectations and the multidimensional reforms have continued. We believe that General Liu’s position in the Ocean River and Soup Group will remain unchanged and will continue to contribute to corporate development.
3. Medium- and long-term medium- and long-term reinforcement of products, channels to protect the city's rivers, ditches, and wine are expected to contribute to new growth points.
4. Deep Analysis of Ocean Growth Spaces and Growth Engines - The Division ' s strategy will continue to tighten the product, channel base: 1) The current distributor ' s profit margin is still low, and there is room for improved market order. The river will continue to control stocks, raise prices, and speed up the clean-up of illegal dealers in the future.
5. The Sioux leadership reform has accelerated and is expected to meet Davis and his associates. 2) The company will further increase the success rate, actively expand the pool of resourceful buyers, and establish a strong foundation for the high-end market. In addition, both ditches and wines, except for the blue classics, are potential for the future.
Growth extremes: 1) The two trenches have been upgraded from branding to a sales company for 20 years, officially starting to operate independently, and nationalization has accelerated. 2) Precious wines have been laid since 16 years, and there is a possibility that they will operate independently in the future, and it is expected that the wind of "sattle hot" will bring new momentum.
Liu Xingxing  macroeconomic risks, increased risks due to competition in regional markets, food safety issues.