Three gorges of energy (600905) utilities have maintained a high level of power generation and are enriching the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
At that time, the increase was 46.2 per cent in the same year, with wind power, photovoltaics, hydropower and independent storage generating a cumulative total of 33.95 billion yuan, or 45.0 per cent in the same year, of which the operating income of wind power was 16.89 billion yuan, or 56.5 per cent in the same year; the operating income of photovoltaic power was 6.54 billion yuan, or 26.4 per cent in the same year; and the hydroelectric power operation camp was 26.4 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, the company added a new and networked unit, with a cumulative capacity of 26.5gw per year, with wind and wind generating capacity of 15.9gw, representing 4.4% of the market share of the country's wind power industry; and photovoltaic and solar power generating capacity of 10.3gw.
2.6 per cent of the market share of the industry continued to promote wind power in the territorial sea, promoting access to offshore wind power resources in the Jiangsu, Shanghai, Hainan, Liaoning and Tianjin regions, and continuously expanding new maps to plan for a sea wind base. In 2022, the cumulative capacity of the company ' s offshore wind power installed reached 4.875,000 kW, representing its share of the national market.
In 2022, the company acquired a new approved/filed project capacity of 16.3gw. A total of 12.2gw. A stock of planned projects is available.
The region is characterized by high-quality wind and light resources and a strong resource advantage. Firms are actively deployed up and down, and now have new energy mapping designs, investment development, equipment-making, capacity-building for full-scale industrial chain integration, upgrading of power plants, while reducing the cost of power generation operations, and a multi-dimensional advantage to consolidate corporate leadership.
2. Three gorges of energy (2022-10-31): Windlight projects are rich in reserves.
Three Gorges Energy (600905), the new energy generation leader, and the Group's contribution to the conservation of the city's rivers (2022-05-09) assumes that the company's hydropower installed is relatively small, with an expected increase in hydroelectric power generation of 5.0 per cent.
When considering the scope of our operations, we have selected three mainstream companies in the new energy industry, which, by contrast, can be 100 million yuan/12.96 billion yuan, pers 0.32/0.39/0.45 yuan, respectively. Given the size of the company's 14th Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuation No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, or as a result of specific recommendations or views in the present report.