We'll have a quick review of the major events in the state of Guizhou.
Chen Qingqing and Maotai share price returns are much larger, and to better reflect the company’s fundamentals, we follow channels and terminals and provide feedback. The country’s food beverages perspective: due to financial and emotional influences, the company returns are much larger, but the stock prices are falling behind, and at this point in time we think that the opportunity for the layout of the huts is already there.
In 2020, the Maotai Group performed well, and the share company’s annual reports were expected to exceed expectations. In 2020, the Maotai Group’s operating income, total profits grew by 13.7% and security cushions, while there are still catalysts for good sales during the spring season, the annual report is expected to exceed expectations, price increases for customized products, and so on; 3) financial pessimism has become much stronger, as reflected by the fact that long-line overseas funds are still regressed and silos; and (4) strong fundamentals of support, with 21q1 and high annual performance growth prospects.
A 13 per cent increase in the same value, a two-fold increase in sales during the spring season, a six-month increase in stock in the current batch of high-priced channels, and a higher degree of certainty in the company ' s 21q1 performance; 5) a gradual improvement in corporate governance, which remains an important financial allocation for the medium and long term of core assets.
We believe that the logic behind the fall of the white plate after Spring Day, influenced by funding and emotional influence, has been that the white plate has fallen considerably, with the white wine index falling by 13.11% in the last week of February and 13.71% in the long term. The logic behind the fall of the white plate is that liquidity expectations have tightened, and the return on short-term investments has been lower horizontally than in the procyclical period, leading to a retrenchment of funds.
The trend is that white wine is an absolute asset of high quality with strong pricing power, high-roe, cash cow, and sustained high-growth capacity in the medium and long term, and that the current downside value of the flat stock price configuration shows that the rate of return for long periods of time is still high. We believe that the stock price is falling back, and that the opportunity for a low-end layout is now evident:
1) The Maotai Group performed well in 2020, and the annual shares company report is expected to exceed expectations. According to the article by Mao Dai on February 27, the Maotai Group grew 13.7% and 18.2% in total profits in 2020, exceeding the 10% growth target set at the beginning of the year for revenue profits.
The profits were higher than expected, the shares were more correlated with the group ' s performance, and the shares company ' s annual report was also expected to expect the market ' s expectations (the company issued a previous production and operations announcement for 2020, initially accounting for a 10 per cent increase in revenue profits in 2020, but from 2019 there was still a discrepancy between the initial accounting and the actual announcement ' s performance).
2) The valuation is falling to a reasonable extent, and the timing of the layout is around. We believe that the current valuation has fallen to a reasonable range, that the strong fundamentals and the spring boom ensure the bottom of the valuation, and that the rapid decline in the post-sunset stock prices fully reflects market pessimistic expectations.
Under the catalysts of over-expected, price increases for customized products, etc., the pessimistic outlook for the capital is already to a large extent a reflection of the fact that long-line capital abroad is still on the upswing and upswings. Markets are concerned about domestic liquidity and higher rates of return on US debt, and emotionalized short-term stock prices are falling sharply, and we believe that the pessimistic outlook is already relatively short-term.
In the meantime, long-line capital in the North is still in reverse, with a certain degree of support for a share. North-to-south equity is the highest and low turnover of capital banks, which we consider to be long-line capital abroad. The recent North-to-North division of internal behaviour, short-line capital outflows, while long-range-configured foreign bank funds are bought in reverse markets, and the last week of February, foreign banks have turned back to $2.58 billion, mainly in such sectors as domestic electricity and delivery, and so on.
The logic of increasing the weight of a unit in its global asset allocation remains unchanged. (4) The two strong fundamentals of supply support, with 21q1 and year-round high growth rates, estimated at 8,500 tons before Maotai Spring, a 13 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with higher levels of spending, including through super-camps, and better performance in the first quarter.
During the Spring Festival, Mao Dai was generally short of goods, currently worth over $2,400 in bulk bottles, the whole batch was worth about $3180, the pipeline was in stock for less than half a month, the distributor’s quota was delivered to February, and the overall pace was stable, with a two-fold increase in sales. According to the source feedback, Mao Dai’s total distribution product would be raised in the near future, and the total sale would indicate that it would take a quarter of the season to open, and we believe that the sum of the pot master’s spring shipment would be driven by a large build-up plus a price increase for some of the non-bid products, and that the company’s performance would be increased in the first quarter.
The company’s management has been more positive since the change of office, including the announcement in February of eight resolutions on the termination of four donations totalling about $820 million, investment in the wine bank, and the “intellectual hut” project, as well as the sale of whole boxes before the spring festival, among others.
Small shareholder interests, coupled with active price control, promote bottle-opening consumption, and a gradual improvement in corporate governance systems. At the performance end, there is still a lot of room for raising company prices, high channel prices, a lot of room for imagination, a gradual increase in market control capacity, a steady increase in direct sales outlets, a rise in the price of non-target products, and so on, a lot of room for growth in company performance in the medium and long term.
Investment proposals: maintain the “buy-in” rating, short-term companies open with a high degree of certainty in the first quarter of the year, with high-quality development expected in the first quarter of 2021. In the medium- and long-term, the paucity of the huts is still high, the companies rely on a preponderance of leadership, high-end-priced safety mats, product and channel restructuring and the expansion of the base wine, keeping prices up in the medium and long term, with high performance certainty.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions