In the year 2020, Guotai published its annual report for the year 2020, which generated an operating income of $979,933 million, an increase of 10.29 per cent, and a net profit of $46,697 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 13.33 per cent.
The year-round performance was in line with expectations, with a sustained increase in direct-line investment net profits of +12.12 per cent and +19.70 per cent, respectively, the main reason for achieving a higher rate of increase was about four quarters of a ton. Company-to-group sales transactions amounted to $4.61 billion a year, with a corresponding sales volume of about 2,500.
Tons. Sub-products, 84,831 million yuan, or +11.91 per cent of the year, were collected, mainly as a result of the Oyang Woo sword, the non-targeting and the increased use of the direct channel; 9,991 million yuan, or the same amount, was collected in the series.
+4.70 per cent of them, of which 3.43 million, 2.97 million, or 0.72 per cent, were sold, 752 million, or 0.15 per cent, of which 50.2 million, or 0.63 per cent, were produced annually. The number was 2,046 and there were 346 fewer dealers.
And the channels continue to be optimized, and the profitability of the year remains robust, with steady increases in the level of profitability and an increase in advance receipts at 28 Punrixi Street, in Beijing's West Side.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the company ' s liquor business in 2020 was 91.48%, down 0.11 percentage points from the same year.
The rate is 2.68 per cent, a 1.42 percentage point decrease over the same period, which is expected mainly to result from the reduction in advertising fees during the epidemic and the adjustment of transport costs to operating costs in accordance with the new income guidelines; the administrative cost rate is tax-free for Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, number 6.
7.15 per cent, or 0.07 percentage points less in the same year. Taken together, the annual net interest rate was 52.18 per cent, an increase of the same year.
The sum of US$ 2,762 million for the ring ratio is mainly due to early pre-festation payments, the Poo-Tai Channel has a strong bargaining power and the overall level of pre-receipt payments is stable.
The annual income target is 10.5%, and production capacity is steadily advancing, and 30,000 tonnes of soy sauce and accompaniment projects are being developed. In 21 years, the production capacity of the mahogany has been set at 5.53 million tons, with an additional 0.51 tons of production, and the production of the series has been targeted at 29,000 tons.
The sum of the poo-pots is about $2,400-2500 per bottle, the whole box is about $3200-3,300 per bottle, the right, the fine wine and the raw wine continue to warm, the price of the unlabelled products continues to rise, and stock levels remain low.
Good growth. In the long run, overall supply and demand relations are stable, and in terms of prices, overall average prices are expected to increase steadily with the continued increase in the volume of direct investment and the optimal structure of the company ' s products. This year, the main focus will be on stability, with growth targets for the year being set at a high level of certainty.
Maintain the company’s “additional” rating method, using legally compliant information, and producing this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.