I've increased the number of boxes opened in Guotai, and I've grown 14 by a certain amount of certainty, and I've increased the number of boxes removed in order to reduce the risk of long-term operations.
In 2021, the system of channels is healthy. The growth in performance over the next three to five years is highly definite and deserves long-term commitment.
Increased efforts are being made to remove containers and reduce long-term business risks. According to Microbarrel News, from January 1st, the Maotai Specialized Shop System has been selling 80% of the poo liquor every month for sale at a price of 1499, and manufacturers will come to the shop on an irregular basis to check the sale of the boxes and the number of boxes, adjusted to 100% open and 100% for sale on January 14th.
Retain, and continue to strengthen its efforts. Force distributors to remove boxes, while short-term risk of discouraging the demand for spring gifts, can contribute to an increase in real open bottle consumption and reduce investment and collection demand and long-term business risk.
According to the microbarrel news, the disease control, and the supply of Mautai wine will not only be normal, but will also increase. The supply will be higher than last year's spring 2021, with a large number of vendors receiving a plan for January 2021 and an order for February.
On December 31, 2020, at a workshop on strengthening sales during the New Year's Day of New Year 2021, the Maotai Liquor Marketing Company of Guizhou announced that it had increased its use of the wine during the spring of New Year 2021. According to the daily newspaper of Guizhou, the Maotai group tried to create the world's first 500-strong company in the province, which started in 2021 with the 14th of May.
Year after year, we judged that spring 21 was a powerful time for opening the door. Against the background of a backlash across the country, we believe that Mao Dai Spring sales are to be expected to be a highlight of spring 2021 in the White Wine industry.
Total operating income of $97.7 billion, or about 10 per cent more than the previous year, was in line with the plan, with an increase of 11 per cent in 4q20 and a net gain of 45.5 billion, or about 10 per cent more than in the same year, of which an 8.6 per cent increase in 4q20 and the corresponding increase was affected by the epidemic. In 2020, some stock reconciliations were made to ensure annual targets in the white industry, but it was relatively easy to achieve the target, leaving them in 2021.
Thanks to the optimal distribution structure, the series of wines collected around $9.4 billion in 2020, with a small drop in income on the same scale, and given the close of the pipeline adjustment, we conclude that the 2021 series could resume growth. Performance stability, and price increases could lead to higher performance expectations.
Consumer characteristics, mature old liquor markets, which determine the growth of demand over the next 35 years, are more certain. Channel stock is over-expected, market style is switched.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing