The 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
\triangleright successfully achieved the 2020 business goal, highlighting its leadership. Among them, the Māori ratio is 91.48% for liquor sales, an increase of 0.11 ppt for the same year.
93.99%, an increase of 0.21 ppt over the same year, and 70.14% for other alcohol series, a decrease of 2.06 ppt over the same year. On the channel, direct sales have achieved revenue of $13.240 billion, or +82.66%, and have expanded rapidly, accounting for nearly 14% of total sales.
There are 2,150 distributors, of which 2,046 in the country and 104 abroad, representing a net decrease of 332 during the year, mainly from companies that cleaned up and phased out some of the wine dealers in the pasta series, to 301 during the reporting period, which is calculated as a net decrease of 31 during the year.
The technology improvement project is about to release the production of the production capacity of the production of the manufacture of the production capacity of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the products of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the manufactures of the products.
In the area of capacity improvement, the "13th Five-Five" Maasai Booty Expansion Project was fully completed in September 2020, with the addition of 4032 tons of khoose, which will be released in 2021, while 30,000 tons of soy sauce series wine modification projects will be steadily advanced and a new series of wines will be set up.
With a capacity of 4015 tons, the future will further meet the demand for the market series of alcohol consumption and contribute to future growth. The price plate is a solid indication that the supply-demand gap is still in place, and the 14th Five-Year Target is on target \triangleright \triangleright
According to the world’s top 500 rankings in 2020, it would cost about $180 billion to achieve this goal.
The company’s business goal in 2021 is gross operating income.
At the same time, at the beginning of the year, the company price increases were made for raw paper, fine products, and non-sales items such as general marketing, taking into account the future expansion of the company’s direct business, the promotion of the technology to expand its capacity, and its power.
Given the firm’s high degree of certainty about future growth as a leader in the industry, it maintains a “recommended” rating. The epidemic or economic downturn drags demand, the pace of performance is not as high as expected, food security, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,