Growth was robust throughout the year, and the 14th goal ensured steady growth - The year 2020 was a year of assessment of production operations in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), and the year 2020 was expected to be the year of total revenue.
About $97.7 billion, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same year; expected net profit attributable to the parent company is $45.5 billion; expected growth in performance is in line with expectations, continued direct-source lending; expected growth in corporate performance is in line with expectations.
By the end of October, Mao Dai had 68 direct distributors, including electric power suppliers, supermarkets, state-owned businesses, tobacco chains, and national and regional channels, and marketing channels had been flattened to a remarkable degree. Four-quarter direct distributors would have received 4160 tons of flying-tale liquor sales, equivalent to the equivalent of 416 tons of wine.
The 2020 marketing plan is 12.1 per cent of 3450,000 tons, and direct sales by companies are expected to exceed 20 per cent in 2020.
On the supply side, at the 2021 Congress on Production Quality, the Maotai Group stated that in 2020, the production of Maotai alcohol was about 50.2 million tons, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same period, with a target of 5.53 million tons in 2021, a new production of 0.51 tons and a target of 29,000 tons in the series.
The price of the huts has stabilized in recent years at around $2,800, and the prices of the huts have continued to be strong and the end demand has been strong. There has been no major change in the overall supply-demand relationship, and the overall average is expected to increase steadily in the future as the channel structure and product composition improves.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the Maotai Group sought to become the world’s top 500 firm in Guizhou during the 14th Five-Year Plan. According to the world’s top 500 list in 2020, the Maotai Group’s revenue target in 2025 was about $200 billion.
In Beijing's west-city area, 28 Peace Rixie Street, expands the direct camp, boosts the production capacity, and provides a high degree of certainty under multiple initiatives.
"Step up" rating, 1000 Shanghai and China Gate Road, and Hsien Hsien Fuku Huda Fuku Hwa, the 6th tax freer.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.