Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
About $45.5 billion, an increase of about 10%. A preliminary accounting for the year 2020 was that the company produced pow-barrel, I. Income met expectations, the price of pow-barrel increased and the revenue of the series dropped slightly. Total business income grew by about 10% in 2020, reaching the target set for the beginning of the year.
Total operating income for the four quarters alone amounted to approximately $28.125 billion, an increase of 10.96 per cent, which is in line with market expectations.By a rough split, a steady growth in the quantity of Mautai wine, an estimated small increase in the quantity of Mautai wine in the four quarters alone, an increase in the average ton of alcohol prices by a large number: the annual annual income of the series fell by 1.48 per cent.
Four quarters alone, falling by 4.15 per cent, is judged mainly to be related to sales. Income in the event of a fall in revenue from a series of liquors, assuming that there is no apparent sales of mahoganys up to 12 months/minimum (in yuan)
Over-expected, the restructuring of channels and the upgrading of product structures have led to an increase in the average ton of wine prices in the huts, which is an important reason for the steady growth in the income of the huts.
Two, profits are slightly lower than expected and may be related to taxes and fees.
The period deceleration did not change the long-term logic, and the quality of the statements recovered markedly.
You know, I think it's a little over-expected, but it's a lot more risky, because in four quarters of a year, you're ahead of a series of wines, and the price of a ton of wine is higher than the price of a ton.
- 2020/04/28 The level of Māori in the main business product rises accordingly. Based on this, net profits are lower than expected in four quarters alone, and the main reason for the decline in net interest rates on a year-on-year basis may be related to such factors as tax payments and cost payments.
Considering the restructuring of channels and the collating of wine distribution lines, the cost of channels and market fees may increase. From a longer-term perspective, this is conducive to the consolidation of channels and market bases.
In the year 2020, there was a modest increase of 50,000 tons in the same year, and a series of 25,000 tons, an increase of 4,500 tons in the same year. Since the new management took over, the production of the alcohol has remained generally stable, ensuring that the alcohol will continue to grow in the future.
In 2021, the production capacity of the Mautai wine industry was expected to reach its full capacity, close to 56,000 tons. Four quarters of income alone met expectations that both annual earnings and profits would grow by around two digits, and that the target date for the beginning of the year would be 13:15.
In the future, as the channel structure is further optimized and the product structure is upgraded, the average ton of wine prices are expected to rise further. The series is also expected to grow healthier after solid adjustments and collage.
Considering that companies are able to adjust through channels to further capture mainstream and emerging distribution channels in 2021...The current market style supports the low value premium and takes into account the optimistic expectations of future performance,
The forecast of profits and pss may not be as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report