Low-valued coal taps, offshore highlights in China (600188.sh) Low-value-valued coal taps, offshore highlights in the sea. For the first time, coverage is given, with a "buy-in" rating.
The Luangzhou coal industry, which is a Chinese powered coal dragon, is active in setting up three major coal bases in Shandong, Xiaomong, and Australia. It is the country’s largest inter-national coal company, with a large capacity, a steady increase in production and sales, and an increase in foreign coal prices in the post-epidemiological period will improve its performance. The Coal Block will expand rapidly through the acquisition of corporate assets, accompanied by a rapid expansion of the chemical industry.
The cycle rises, and it is expected that the profits elasticity will be released at a very high price. At the same time, the company has a high-dimension, high-equity coal business: three major bases in the country and abroad, with capacity of more than 100 million tons, and only a few hundred million tons, after the Chinese god, and contains seven million tons of trenches, schillings, Moraben, etc.
Minerals have an advantage in size. The mines are located in the three main bases of Shandong, Chimong, and Australia, where Australian interests account for nearly 50% of their capacity, leading to internationalization. With the gold chicken beach table, the profits of the trenches, the schillings, and the increased use of the schillings have increased the potential of the base. At the same time, 1.8 million tons of production are expected to be in the construction of the mines.
As the post-epidemiology climate rebounded, coal prices rose significantly, with overseas coal prices becoming more flexible, and corporate coal performance expected to be visible in price repair. • Coal industry: group asset injection, chemical price hikes released elasticity.
The company’s main coal-chemical products are methanol (2.4 million tons), acetic acid (1.0 million tons) and other fine chemical products. By the end of 2020, the Acetic Acetic and Coal Oil Production Line was expanded by acquiring assets from groups such as Lunan Chemical and Future Energy, extending from methanol to fine-chemicals.
At the same time, the climate in the chemical industry has recovered significantly, chemical prices have risen significantly, the coal section will achieve a full increase in volume prices, release strong elasticity, and the coal industry is expected to contribute about $2 billion in 2021.
It is particularly clear that a premium of 70% on the share of the ah is expected to be restored to valuation, with the Chinese power dragon, overseas expansion leading to internationalization 1.1, Shandong Province ' s state-owned coal business background, and China ' s only foreign and domestic company listed in many parts of the country.
As Shandong Province's state-owned priority coal company, the Luangzhou Coal Industry Coal Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the Luangzhou Coal Industry” or “the Company”), is one of the largest coal exporting companies in China, the China Regional Power Dragon, and China's most internationalized coal company, which is mainly involved in coal production and marketing, coalification, electricity and thermal, mechanical and electrical equipment.
The company, formerly the Luangzhou Mining Authority, was established in 1997 by a holding company, Xiaoxiang Mining Group Ltd. (which absorbed Shandong Energy Group in 2020 and is now the only provincial state-owned coal group in Shandong Province, hereinafter referred to as “the Quantino Mine Group” or “the Group”) with the sole initiative to establish a joint-stock company, 1998
Successes were recorded in New York (ads retired in 2017), Hong Kong and Shanghai. Overseas expansion began in 2004, and Shell Gloucester, a fully-owned subsidiary, the Luang State Coal Australia Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Calcoa”) was successfully borrowed from the Australian Stock Exchange in June 2012 and was listed in Hong Kong in 2018.
Listed on the market. The real control of the company is the State Finance Committee for Shandong Province. As of 30 June 2020, the company was listed in figure 1 of the company ' s national business background, and the controlling shareholder was the company ' s company, figure 2 of the company ' s growth over the past two decades, and it has been listed in many parts of the country and abroad.
1.2. The expansion of production capacity for substitution leads to a significant increase in performance, and the impact of the epidemic has affected the performance of companies, which has grown significantly in 2016 as a result of the supply side reforms in the coal sector, which have led to a gradual improvement in excess capacity, the repair of coal prices, and the company’s role as a coal leader in China’s eastern region.
In the last three years, the company's coal mining base has expanded to the twilight zone, with the gradual release of production, a rapid increase in output, a significant increase in the size of the company's total revenues, a marked improvement in company performance in 2016, a 47.8% and 14.2%, respectively, of the net return and return profit, respectively, and the size of the net return and return profit in subsequent years.
In 2019, the company achieved a total revenue of 2007 million yuan, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same year, a net return profit of 868 million yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period, and a decline in performance in 2020, mainly due to the fall in coal prices and the combination of watts.
In the first half of the year, the overall demand in the coal sector was depressed, with excess supply driven by energy security, a large drop in the price of coal, a 20 per cent drop in the price of coal sold by companies, a fall in company performance, a net return of $7.12 billion in 2020, a 17.8 per cent decline in the same year, and a net gain of $6.54 billion for non-retroactive mothers.
In addition to the impact of the fall in the price of coal, a one-time non-cash loss of $6.84 billion resulted in a net loss of $4.44 billion in coal Australia, which is delaying company performance;
The impact of the epidemic has largely recovered with the return of coal prices. At the same time, uncertainty, such as the loss of profits, has been removed, and the company’s performance is expected to return to a steady growth trajectory at the centre of the trend of moving coal prices.
Coal contributes to the main performance, with non-coal co-development. The 90% Māori share of coal operations is a central driver of corporate performance. In the main business block, in 2020, the coal business generated 69.4 billion yuan, or 84 per cent, and the coal industry generated 10.5 billion yuan, or 13 per cent;
In 2020, the coal business reached 24.3 billion yuan, or 93 per cent, and the coal industry reached 1,230 million yuan, or 4.7 per cent; in terms of the Maori rate, the Māori rate for the coal business has shown a downward trend over the last three years, but it has remained largely at 30 per cent; in the coal industry, the share of the coal-free industry has increased from year to year, and the Māori rate has been diluted.
The contribution of Māori in heat, mechanical and electrical equipment and other operations was small, with a combined contribution of R$500 million or 1.9 per cent in 2020. (The above structure of operations excludes the impact of the coal trade, which is dominated by trade in large commodities such as electrolytic copper, oil, steel, metals and iron ore, with large collections but low rates of Māori; the non-coal trade in 2020
Figure 5: Some 90 per cent of the business income of companies contributing to the coal business, Figure 7: Maintenance of a high Māori rate in the company ' s own-owned coal business
With the expansion of the company ' s production capacity, coal sales have increased significantly since 2016. On the production side, in 2018, for the first time, public coal production exceeded the threshold of 100 million tons, reaching 106.39 million tons in 2019, an increase of 0.5 per cent compared to the previous year. On the marketing side, after 2018, corporate coal sales rose again to more than 100 million tons, reaching 116.12 million tons in 2019.
Coal sales in China amounted to 91.6 million tons, or 80 per cent of the total; in 2020 they were 147.62 million tons of merchandise and 112.78 million tons of home-grown coal, an increase of 26 per cent and 23.2 per cent, respectively, respectively, with a significant contribution to the increase in production and sale of gold chicken beaches in 2020 (the production/distribution of gold chicken beaches in 2020 was 177.61 million tons).
Coal operations: Three major bases, both domestic and foreign, with a capacity of more than 100 million tons, a large coal resource reserve, a large capacity and a wide distribution of coal resources, and a broad base of coal. The company insists on “stable headquarters, new areas, and the sea”.
The strategy is to increase the reserves of coal resources in the western part of the country, and overseas, while stabilizing the production of coal in the country and abroad. The company's coal mines are located mainly in three main bases, with the Shandong base (the company's headquarters is located mainly in Shandong Jinning, the surveillance of energy is located mainly in Shandong Jaezawa) and
There are bases in Australia (the state of Queensland and New South Wales, Australia, and the state of Queensland and Western Australia).
By the end of 2020, the Department had a combined capacity of 210 million tons (Australian capacity based on a combined caliber) and 159 million tons. At the authorized level of total capacity, the company was ranked second among the large listed coal companies, after China’s God 337.
At the same time, the average single mineral can reach 876,000 tons, and the company has seven coal mine sites under its flag, including the Central Dragon Bay Coal Mine, the Camp Trench Coal Mine, the Pulse Coal Mine, the Golden Chicken Coal Coal Mine, the outside Moraben Coal Mine, the Hunt Valley Coal Mine, the Volk Mountain Coal Mine, which together produce 134 million tons, or 63.7 per cent of the total.
Structuredly, the Australian base is the largest, with an equity capacity of 79.6 million tons, or 50 per cent, and the Shandong base, with a base of 38.15 million tons, 41.44 million tons, or 24 per cent, and 26 per cent, respectively. The company is rich in coal and has excellent coal.
Coal, among other things, allows companies to produce different varieties of fine coal, piece coal, sifted coal, mixed coal, semi-hard coal, semi-soft coal, blow-up coal, power-driven coal, etc. The company produces “saloon coal” with “low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat, high volatilization, high ash melting points” and is a high-quality coal species.
The “Go Out” strategy leads internationalization, production and markets double-exploitation, energy firms “Go Out” leaders, deep-seated roots in Australia. Compared to other large coal companies, companies were the first state-owned energy companies to implement the “Go Out” strategy, and since 2004, companies have been operating in Australia.
As a platform for offshore investment in the industry, Australia is gradually developing a globalized industrial chain. After more than a decade of development, Acacia and International have a number of high-quality large mines, including Moraben, Hunt Valley, and Walker, which, as of the end of 2019, had a total of 1.86 billion tons of authorized capacity of 129 million tons.
In addition to the coal assets, the cocoa has a layout for downstream assets, with 36.5% of Newcastle pwcs and 27% of Newcastle Infrastructure Group (NCIG) ports.
“Overseas production, overseas sales”, production and market expansion. According to production data, as a result of the active promotion of mergers and acquisitions and the orderly release of production capacity, the company’s offshore coal production, which continued to grow in 2017 and beyond, accounted for about 40 per cent of total production: of the company’s total merchandise coal production of 12.27 million tons in 2020, 42.89 million tons came from abroad.
The company’s overseas distribution includes not only external expansion of capacity, but also internationalization through Australia’s high-quality coal resources and a wide range of marketing channels. In addition to local sales in Australia, coal and coal International sells coal products mainly to overseas markets such as Japan, South Korea, Singapore.
Total sales of merchandise coal amounted to 148 million tons, of which 34.96 million tons were sold in overseas markets, accounting for 24 per cent (6 per cent in Japan, 6 per cent in Singapore, 5 per cent in Australia, 3 per cent in the Republic of Korea), while overseas markets contributed 14.6 billion yuan, accounting for 21 per cent of sales.
Coal Australia: In 2020, losses were reported mainly due to a setback in the price of coal and a large number of non-recurrent projects, which are expected to improve. Excluding the special year 2020, the performance of Coal Australia showed a positive trend in 2019 and before, in 2017, the loss was reversed to a gain of $719 million and in 2019 it achieved a net loss of $1.04 billion.
The main reasons for this are multiple: (1) the fall in coal prices: the impact of the epidemic resulted in a 26 per cent decrease in coal sales from $111 per ton in 2019 to $82 per ton in 2020 (a 23 per cent decline in the price of the Newcastle Power Coal Index over the same period); and (2) large non-recurrent gains and losses: a number of large amounts in 2020.
Non-current gain/loss items, including an increase of 10 per cent in the purchase of the Moramoto mine and an asset revaluation gain of $653 million, a non-recurring loss of $1.383 billion from Watergate ' s resuming, and a loss of $194 million from exchange rate fluctuations resulting in the recovery of fair value of hedge reserves. On the one hand, non-recurring projects occur mainly as a result of positive corporate optimization.
The complete structure of the assets in Australia, with a one-time non-cash loss that does not affect long-term robust fundamentals; on the other hand, the positive trend of the global epidemic, the recovery of energy demand and the recovery of coal prices have contributed to the restoration of the performance in Australia.
Tens of millions of tons of large minerals can climb up the slopes, but the potential of the base is enormous. In order to boost the reserves of coal resources, the company has totalled tons. Currently, the capacity of the base is relatively low, with a contribution of 1.94 million tons of commercial coal from the base in 2019 and 54.5 per cent.
With a relatively short operational life to date, with a residual exploitable life of over 80 years, it is still in the production-capability slope phase, with a capacity utilization rate of 42 per cent in 2019 and 55 per cent in 2019, respectively, and a significant capacity release space remains (as reported in the 2020 report, the capacity utilization rate increased to 81 per cent with 8.12 million tons of silux minerals).
In 2020, the company acquisition group held a 49.3% stake in Xianxi Future Energy Industries Ltd. (“Future Energy”) to realize its controlling share (74% share after the acquisition) and completed and listed in December. The main coal assets under the future energy flag are:
The gold chicken beach coal mine, which is located in the salami forest, is home to 15 million tons of high-quality power coal, with a surplus of more than 70 years of harvest and a contribution of 17,76 million tons in 2020, with a capacity utilization rate of 118 per cent. According to company announcements, the future energy source will be $9.33 billion in 2020, with a net profit of $2.02 billion, contributing to the mother ' s net profit.
Up to $1.49 billion, the company’s performance will be significantly enhanced. 2.4. Coal profitability is excellent, and tons of coal has a comparative advantage.
The cost of self-produced coal production is $217 per ton, of which the labour cost was the largest, at $60 per ton, or 28 per cent; the second is raw materials and depreciation, at $30 per ton, or 13.7 per cent; the remaining cost consists mainly of the amortization of mining rights (7.6 per cent), safe production fees (6.9 per cent).
By 2020, the cost of coal had dropped significantly, and the company had achieved significant reductions. By 2020, the company had deepened its in-house drilling, strengthened its cost controls, insisted on a “cost-win” approach, and reduced the cost of coal from its own coal business by $41 per ton.
15.9 per cent, mainly labour costs, fall costs, material costs were reduced by 12 per cent and higher, respectively, and domestic operating costs decreased by 27.6 per cent, including 43.5 per cent, 33.9 per cent and 27.6 per cent for the Wu Shen industry, Ordos, and tons of monitoring capacity.
Figure 18: Man-made costs, materials as the highest proportion of self-produced coal costs (RM/t) Figure 19: Man-made costs as a percentage of self-produced coal production costs in 2020: 28 per cent
Coal is very profitable, and it works better in the front line. In order to examine the profitability of the company’s coal business, we chose the three listed coal companies, China’s Shunhua, Xiangxi Coal and China Coal Energy, as comparable companies, all of which have a large domestic powered coal pipeline. In comparison, it was found that in 2019, and before, China’s coal industry.
Although the cost of coal is higher than that of comparable companies, because of the advantages of the price of coal (excluding taxes) within the industry and the profit margin of the company, the industry ranks first among comparable companies, after the Chinese god. In 2019, the Luangzhou coal industry achieved a self-produced coal price (excluding taxes) of 525 yuan per ton, a ton cost of coal of 258 yuan per ton, and a ton of coal gross.
The profit is $267 per ton; comparable companies produce 307 ton per ton of coal per ton (China ' s Shunhua), 212 ton per ton per ton of coal (China ' s Shunxi Coal industry) and 264 ton per ton per ton of coal energy. At the same time, historical trends indicate that the company ' s self-produced ton of coal is stable and stable, and has remained above 50 per cent since 2017.
Figure 21: Coal prices of company-owned coal are slightly higher among comparable companies ($/t) Figure 22: Coal costs of company-owned coal ton are relatively higher than those of company-owned coal ($/t) Figure 23: Coal ton performed better ($/t)
Figure 24: Company-owned coal-rich rates remain relatively robust3 Coal industry: group asset injections, chemical product price increases fully benefiting 3.1, layout methanol & fine chemicals, acquisition of group assets rapidly expanding
Methanol is the main product, which is the fine-tuning of the industrial chain. Coal industry is an important part of the company's coal-based, “coal and non-coal” strategy, with the main layouts located at the Eldos base, which includes Oldos, ellipses, Lunam chemicals, future energy, etc., and the main product is methanol and contains polymethylenedioxydimethyl ether.
(dmmn), ethanol, acetic acid, and coal-based oil products. Taken together, the company's main coal-based products include: 3.2 million tons of methanol production (of which 800,000 tons are under construction), 1 million tons of acetic acid, coal oil, acquisition of group assets, and rapid expansion of the coal-chemical plant block.
In December, the acquisition was the systematic integration of the company as a listed company platform for the group ' s coal industry chain. The company ' s main products were acetic acid, acetic ethylene, buttylene, synthetic ammonia, etc.
Chemical products, and future energy, are mainly coal-based oil products, and after the acquisition, the company ' s coal-based products are expanded from methanol to fine chemicals. According to company announcements, Lunan Chemical produced 103, 1.07 million tons of acetic acid in 2019 and 33,370,000 tons of acetic ethyl acid in 2020; and future energy sources produced 43, and 2020, respectively, rough liquid waxes in 2019 and 2020.
The company’s increased capacity in coal-chemical operations includes 900,000 tons of methanol, 400,000 tons of ethanol, 300,000 tons of dmn, of which the methanol and ethanol production lines were completed in 2019, and 500,000 tons of dmmn are currently in production during the year; and 40,000 tons of high-end modified polymethyldehyde, by 2020, by Lunan Chemical.
In addition, the Lunanization industry is expected to adapt and expand the acetic acid and synthetic ammonia lines, with a further increase in production.
35%. In 2020, the price of methanol affected by the epidemic fell significantly, with a certain impact of 212 ton. Lunan Chemical ' s acetic acid business was also more profitable, with 570 ton acetic acid, 876 ton acetic acid, or 23%, and 34% respectively.
The Acetic Acetic Acid industry, compared with 2019 data, has significantly higher levels of Māori and Māori in Lunam Chemical ton than the industry’s leading cost-supra. Figure 25: In 2019, Māori in Lunan Chemical Acetic Acetic Acid ton was lower than Warlusing ton, significantly higher than Jiang Susop ($/t).
Since 2020, the company has been expanding rapidly in the coal-chemical sector, building test cars on the part of the Ordos Emeritus II, the ellipse II project and, on the other hand, the buying group Lunan Chemical, the future energy source.
At the same time, since the second half of 2020, the prices of the main coal-chemical products have entered a significant up-scaling route, with a continued climate in 2021, corporate coalification plates, or the release of elasticity. At the same time, with the orderly release of future chemical products, the coal-chemical industry is expected to increase its performance contribution, depending on our profitability.
It is projected that the Māori share of the coal industry will reach 10% in 2021, and we make appropriate assumptions about the company ' s coal industry based on market prices for the major chemical products in 2020 and January-March 2021, as well as data on production costs disclosed by the respective products in relation to the listed companies.
A significant contribution to the growth of corporate performance.4 The reform of Shandong State enterprises, which combines the two main coal groups in Shandong, 4.1, and increased industrial concentration
In July 2020, the two major coal-groups in Shandong Province merged with Shandong Energy Group, which started the handover at the end of November, to become the only large coal-group in Shandong Province. Both groups are the only seven billion-ton coal-producing large coal companies in the country, according to the China Coal Association.
In 2019, the Mine Group achieved 161 million tons of coal production, third in rank, the Shandong Energy Group achieved 100 million tons of coal production, surpassing the China Coal Group in size, after the National Energy Group and the same combination of equity holdings. Large coal mergers and mergers are the trend towards high-quality development in the coal industry, with increased industrial concentration.
Since the 13th Five-Year Plan, in order to further increase industrial concentration, enhance market stability and resilience, and introduce new supply-side reforms, the horizontal integration of large coal companies has become an important force point for industrial change. The 13th Five-Year Plan refers to support for the merger of dominant coal companies and the development of large backbone enterprise groups.
In its Annual Report on the Development of the Coal Industry 2020, it is stated that one of the main objectives of the 14th Five-Year Plan is to promote the merger of enterprises, to foster 3-5 world-class and 1 billion-ton coal enterprises that are globally competitive. In 2020, Shanxi and Shandong promoted the merger of large coal companies in the provinces to promote domestic coal.
Industry concentration has increased further. According to the Chinese Coal Association data, based on 2019 production estimates, after the restructuring of the Insurance Holdings Group and the Shandong Energy Group, the domestic coal industry would increase from 27% to 38%. 4.2. Listed companies strategically highlight the expected increase in asset injections.
In Shandong Province, overall listing is one of the main objectives of the reform process of state companies. For the Sino-Multi group itself, the securitization rate was about 65% by the end of 2020q3 and nearly one-third of the securitization space was still available.
With regard to coal resources, coal production (total $8.4 million) is not securitized, including new mining groups, date-palms, ore-mining groups, and so on. It is hoped that the future will not be overstretched.
Group asset injections have begun to work, and companies have taken large amounts of money into the group’s “coalification” assets. In October 2020, the Department of Public Administration paid $18,360 million in cash to buy coal, including future energy, Lunan Chemical, and Coal Chemical.
The main future energy assets are the Golden Chicken Beach Coal Mine (15 million tons of capacity) and the Coal Oil Project; and the Lunanization Industry has the Acetic Acetic Industry Chain (one million tons of capacity for acetic acid).
The total net profit from the Ministry’s seven acquisitions in 2019 amounted to $2.74 billion, contributing to the company’s performance. At the same time, the Group also made a performance commitment in response to the acquisition: between 2020 and 2022, the sum of the bid’s net interest, not later than $4,314 million, was realized; if performance was not met at the end of the commitment period, the Group would be cash-based.
High-scoring and low-value valuations highlight a significant increase in the value of investments in the year 2019-2020. According to the cash-sharing policy of the company charter, the company ' s annual cash-sharing share shall be set off against the statutory reserves, provided that the profits of the year are positive and the accumulated undistributed profits are positive.
Since 2016, with a significant improvement in performance, corporate cash transfers have returned to normal, with an undistributed profit of $45.4 billion, which supports the firm’s commitment to high dividends. In terms of capital spending, large-scale public-sector projects have been planned and started in recent years, and the growth in fixed-asset investments has continued to slow down, with 2020 funding.
This expenditure of $12 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, represents a net operating cash flow of $22.2 billion in 2020, which was affected by the fall in coal prices by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but is still significant in size and can effectively support the stabilization of the dividends.
By contrast, the company’s current market value is clearly undervalued by the market, and there are valuations. In terms of profitability, the company’s value has remained at around 14% since 2017, significantly higher than the industry’s average level of profitability.
The company ' s share premium has risen significantly to almost 100% since the second half of 2020, with a recent premium of about 70%. The current h share discount is significantly lower than a share, and the valuation returns to higher expectations.
With regard to coal operations, we forecast domestic operations and overseas operations, respectively: domestic operations, taking into account the projected period of 15 million tons of production and production capacity of the Golden Chicken Beach Mines, and the gradual increase in the utilization of millions of tons of large minerals from the Golden Base, the production of 1.8 million tons of production capacity from the Manfore Mines and the steady increase in domestic sales of coal; overseas coal, mainly the Moraben Mines.
With a slight increase, the overall volume of production and sales has remained stable. We expect that in 2020-2022, sales of coal from companies will be made in coal-chemical operations, respectively, with Nobu II, Elmlin II and Lunan Chemical, Future Energy, expanding the coal-chemicals category to contribute to the increase in production capacity. The price cost assumptions are referred to in 3.3 above.
The Luangzhou coal industry, which serves as the Chinese powerhouse for the three largest coal bases in Shandong, Xiaomong, and Australia, is the largest state-owned coal company with the highest degree of internationalization, with a company with a large output capacity after the Chinese god, with a steady increase in production and sales, and an increase in domestic and international coal prices in the aftermath of the epidemic, improving coal performance. Coalification works fast through the acquisition of corporate assets.
Rapid expansion, coupled with the rise in the chemical cycle, is expected to release profit elasticity in terms of volume increases and to become a new growth point driving the growth in performance. At the same time, companies with high dividends, high dividends, and low valuation characteristics, highlight long-term investment prices of 5.4/4.9/4.8 times.
The company has an average of 1.33 times its pb, and the logo is 1.18 times higher than the average pb of the comparable company. Overall, the company's low valuation features are highlighted and it is expected to be revalued.
While the energy pillar is closely linked to macroeconomic developments, the recovery of overseas demand also has a greater impact on business in Australia. If the economy recovers less than expected, the aggregate demand will be insufficient, and the industry will be at a lower risk of falling coal prices. Companies rely on coal production for their performance, which is influenced by fluctuations in domestic and international coal prices.
There is a significant impact on the company’s fundamentals if the post-market price of coal falls beyond expectations. There is a risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The company’s overseas earnings are relatively high, mainly in Australia, where it is located, and this portion of its performance is more affected by exchange rate fluctuations between the renminbi and the Australian dollar.
The main drivers of future growth in the company’s performance are expected to be the expected increase in coal and coal-chemicals production. If there is a delay in the pace of new production, it will result in potential growth in the company’s performance.