Strategic collaboration with People ' s Network to explore trade data for advancement 30/09/2023 Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new customers
▪ Events: On 29 September, according to the announcement by the U.N. Network of Government Officials, the People’s Network, signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Commissariat Group (Small Commodity City Mothers). The two sides plan to cooperate fully on the validation of small commodity trade data, data asset listing, and upgrading the new era index of the U.S.A.
The city is the hub of the country’s small commodity trade chain, where trade data are valid and realized, and where there is room for exploration. According to the Statistical Office, in 2022, the city had 20.21 billion yuan.
Compared to +8%, which represents 87% of the total market value of the market. As an important part of the country’s trade in small commodities, companies can reach small commodity operators, buyers, size, efficiency, and climate dimensions.
The accumulated data resources, data capacity, data potential of the Digger Town Group, through the development of data holding, processing and business rights, turn data resources into data assets, convert data assets into numbers, and promote the development of the Mercantile Group through capital.
In April 2023, the company announced its intention to work with Zhejiang to set up an international data centre with $500 million.
The effects of corporate reforms have been evident, and companies are increasingly motivated to expand and realize at various links in the small commodity chain (including trade, logistics, Small Commodity City (600415), payments, finance, etc.). Companies have significant data resources.
Quarterly performance forecast: net profit return, promising future realization through data resources at all stages of the small-commodity business chain.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: U.S.C.I.C. is an important hub for our small commodity exports.
The company is expected to move fast into the long term as the state enterprise reforms deepen and new projects move forward.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Small Commodity Cities. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.