Three-quarter review in 2023: q3 after deduction of return on investment Keyword: #performance meets expectations # new products, new technologies, new clients  higher return on investment over the same period last year, net return from major business 2023q3 after deduction of return on investment
The net return on the company ' s 2023q3 net profit after deducting the return on investment was $267 million, or +44 per cent, up. We believe that this benefited mainly from: a small commodity city scenario with a higher atmosphere and a new market in East Africa in Region II, which contributed to the growth of the company ' s market performance;2
New businesses such as chinagoods and the cross-border renminbi are growing profits.  The new business is making good progress, and the company's “second curve” is growing fast: 2023q1-3, the chinagoods platform gmv 52.43 billion yuan, an increase of 122.34%, and profits are growing steadily; yiwupay
Since its official inauguration on 21 February 2023, a cumulative total of nearly 20,000 businesses have opened cross-border renminbi accounts, with a cross-border liquidation fund of about RMB 2.3 billion, of which 2,023q3 has completed approximately RMB 1.7 billion. The market for small commodities in the Uu region has a better view, and attention has been given to catalyzing along the way: 2023q1-3, market climate
There has been a marked increase in the value of imports and exports to and from the city of Yeu in January-August 2023.
• A growth space for future market expansion + new corporate business: the company’s global digital trading centre has entered into a strategic partnership to explore the number of trade-driven jobs, with a total construction capacity of 1.24 million, which is expected to be initially completed by 2025, with a significant increase in the number of deliveries expected to take place
There is much room for expansion along the small commodity chain, and the company is expected to build a second curve through such operations as the Chinagoods platform, the cross-border payment business, and the Jijiamoto Port supply chain. 3 companies signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the People's Data on September 29th.
Small Commodity City (600415): 2023 III. Future prospects for exploring data asset rights based on small commodity trade data, data elements realization, etc. Quarterly performance forecast: net profit return
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The International Trade and Trade Center is an important hub for our small commodity exports. The forecast increases by 40 to 50%, and new and emerging business gains are expected to move into a fast and long-term process as state firms reform in depth and new projects move forward.
Taking into account the speed at which profits are released from corporate investment earnings (mainly from real-estate companies), we will have three major financial forecasting tables in Small Commodities City, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.