In cooperation with the People's Data Strategy, the “Data Mine” took place on 28 September 2023: the company issued an announcement on 8 October, and on 29 September, it joined the People's Platform under the banner of the People's Network.
Data Management Ltd. has a strategic cooperation framework agreement, which provides a comprehensive and multi-layered collaboration in data validation, data storage, data empowerment and data operation, establishing long-term, stable and efficient exchange mechanisms and building trade data ecology.
Data validation cooperation: On July 11, 2023, the People's Network launched a data resource holding service covering basic information, details of resources, information on authority, data processing, access to data and ownership of data products, which helped to create the first national number.
According to the Trade Services Platform, which explores issues such as data validation and factor flow; on the small commodity city side, which directs the compilation of business data on the vast number of small and medium-sized businesses and manufacturing industries, foreign trade companies, clusterers, off-the-road market operations and online trading platforms in Utah;
75,000 real-business resources in the chinagoods Ito market, service chains, 2.1 million small and micro-businesses downstream, and 305,000 new registered buyers in 23h1, cumulatively amounting to 365,000, forming the backbone of a cluster of industries in the area of small commodity flows.
Data on big transactions, customs declarations, logistics, and remittances. The agreement was signed to facilitate joint efforts to explore data validation and “list entry” of data resources. Small commodity cities or the country’s first data validation pilot.
Data storage cooperation: In April, Small Commodity City signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework agreement with Zhejiang Connect to build and operate a “one-way” international data centre to optimize the supply chain for sea travel.
Establishment of cooperation with people ' s technological advantages, people ' s networks and small commodity cities in the areas of data storage, data preparedness, cloud services, etc., to ensure that small commodity trade data are collected, laundered and dug deep
Data enabling: Building on the accumulation of data resources from People's Network, through the integration of data resources and information from both sides, promoting a stronger role for small commodity cities in the digitalization of enterprises, management, decision-making, etc. Small commodity cities are leading the digitalization of China's commodity markets.
The main business is going well, and the cg platform is generating revenue faster - moving from the traditional “humans” to digital trade compliance eco-cooper model through digitalization, commodity gathering, branding, etc.
Small commodity cities, drawing on the expertise of the People’s Data Research Institute of People’s Network, publish the Xiaoqin Air Securities Company Ltd.
The first coverage of Small Commodity City (600415) is: Index, promotion of timely knowledge and mastery of small commodity trade in China and the world.
People’s data launched the country’s first data validation platform in 2019.
In February 2023, the People’s Chain of Autonomous Research and Development was reviewed by the Central Networking Office as the basic infrastructure service chain for the provision of data uplinks, record-keeping, validation, and trading services throughout the country.
Yunkura, using the operating model of "National Station + Overseas Warehouse + Exhibition Hall", relies on China's domestic secondary wholesale market and various overseas stations to import more trade resources and the company's yiwupay (paid) and the People's Bank's branch of Yeu City and Yeon Nonbank on 15 July.
Co-operation has led to the innovative launch of the first national “letter-for-trade finance” based on cross-border RMB settlement data. On the basis of initial attempts, small commodity cities and networks have been explored in depth, based on market-operated cooperation, based on the results of cooperation between the two parties in the area of certainty, and on the work of the People's Network.
For a national data exchange platform with national market expansion and multidisciplinary data resources, the People's Network can help small commodity cities to convert data resources into data assets, and small commodity cities can sell small commodity cities legally through the People's Data Asset Services platform of the People's Network.
Complete ownership and intellectual property rights or full authorization of data products and services, coupled with fast-tracking data resources to data asset entry tables and data product sales.
Co-operation, based on applications such as "one-way" industrial high-value export chains of foreign trade based on the purchase treasures of the chinagoods platform under the flag of the Small Commodity City, yiwupay etc.
High-quality data of varying dimensions across the country, deep-data value extraction, rich data application scenes, help to address the trade finance needs of SMEs, aggregate the external trade biosphere of cluster cargo, warehousing, logistics, and derived ecological values. Companies build on cg platforms.
A large number of data assets, which have evolved into a business model centred on data resources: consolidation of information in letters based on sinks or trade data, provision of a credit basis to third-party commercial banks or self-employed factoring operations, charging of services and realization of data asset realization.
Investment proposals: As the world’s largest bulk market for small commodities, the U-U-market is at a key node in the global supply chain for small commodities. This collaboration agreement between the company and the People’s Network will be based on public trade information data, drawing on the technological advantages of the People’s Network’s Data Resource.
The impact of the internal and external macro-environment, the risks of policy change, and the pace of business acquisition have fallen short of expectations. The Chinese securities industry’s garments team, based at the heart of fundamental research, is based on industrial frontier, global vision comparisons, deep-tracking industries such as the meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.