The main camp business remains high, and the aid of digital transformation took place on October 27, 2023, with the same growth (+44.32 per cent) due to the company ' s stock market and continued growth
The market is growing steadily, and the stock market still has room for renting. The East Market of Area 2 is a model of the company’s digital market, which is integrated into digital cockpits, feeder programs, ai camera interaction.
A series of digital applications, such as screens, the first floor, the hardware industry, the second floor, the new energy series, where business has been doing well since it opened in March.
With this, high-scenes provides the company with a certain level of pricing power, and the “Additional + Price Up” is expected to contribute to the company’s revenue.
On the same day, Yeu launched the world’s first large-language model in the area of merchandise trade and the newly upgraded Chinagoodsai Ideas Service platform, which covers i dialogue, i generation of commodity details, i generation of video, i-digital people, etc., while companies and 12 domestic heads
In cooperation with the Quakers, in the fields of intelligent retailing, aigc, cloud and security, and in collaboration with the People's Data Strategy, deep cooperation in the fields of “data mining”-ip marketing and the creation of small goods of the new era, in cooperation with the People's Network.
Indexes, focusing on the location of new artificial intelligence technologies in the small commodity industry at both the supply and demand end of the business front, and the acceleration of income generation on the cg platform - with greater digital ecological value released on the basis of “commodities + information + financial flows + logistics”.
23H1 exceeded expectations, looking at the future growth of new business - the profitability of the cg platform of , and the yiwupay business development into the “fast track”.
Gmv reached 52.4 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the chinagoods platform, an increase of 122 per cent in the same year, and the equity incentive target has been met; the q3 quarter of gmv is measured at 20.4 billion yuan, an increase of 162 per cent, and the first half of the year ' s cg platform operator has achieved a loss, and we expect the future.
Cg platforms will continue to increase their profitability. Since the company's payment brand yiwu pay was officially launched on 21 February 2023, it has accumulated nearly 20,000 businesses with cross-border renminbi accounts with cross-border liquidation funds of about 2.3 billion yuan, measuring q3 seasons.
The cross-border clearing fund is about 1.3 billion yuan, over $98 million in January, and the q3 cross-border clearing operation is growing at an accelerated rate. The investment proposal is that the iU market, as the world’s largest wholesale market for commodities, is in a small global business.
Key nodes of the supply chain. At this stage, the company ' s market owners maintain a high profile, add up the cg platform and yiwupay operations well in operation, ai products are landed as expected, and subsequent multi-businesses are expected to drive a resonance of performance and valuation.
The impact of the internal and external macro-environment, the risks of policy change, and the pace of business acquisition have fallen short of expectations. The Chinese securities industry’s garments team, based at the heart of fundamental research, is based on industrial frontier, a comparison of global perspectives, deep-tracking industries such as the metacosystem, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.