Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 23q3 performance rating: sustainable growth of market owners and sustained growth of new business Events: Small Commodity City discloses 23q3 performance: 23q2 Māori achievement rate of 30.27 per cent per year
The opening of new areas has contributed to a significant and sustained increase in market operating revenues: on 17 March 23, the East New Energy Production Market in Region II was opened on the 1-2th floor, and the company expected to increase the cost of entering the additional area by 23 years & the cost of using the place – the core profits.
This is expected to be followed by continued growth in the remaining area of the East Market in Region II, construction and delivery of the Global Digital Centre in Region VI, and market-based pricing of rent. Chinagoods, a sustained growth in payments, is expected to yield: 1) Chinagoods: 23q1-
q3chinagoods platform gmv amounted to $52,438 million, compared to +122 per cent, which is 23 years above the target gmv; with the collection of service charges since this year, platform operator 23h1 achieved a net profit of $46.4 million, achieved a loss of profit and was expected to continue to share the flow dividend.)
The “Yiwupay” card has served nearly 20,000 cross-border individuals since it was officially launched on 21 February 23, while the money for cross-border liquidation exceeds the RMB 2.3 billion (Vs. as of 23H1 billion) and the ring ratio continues to grow significantly and is accelerating penetration.
Strategic collaboration with people ' s data to speed up the process of commercializing data resources: People ' s data is the national domain data exchange platform under the umbrella of the people ' s network, and a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in September to collaborate on data validation, storage, data empowerment and the one-way international data centre project.
Power converts data resources from the external trade export chain based on the Chinagoods platform into data assets, and investment proposals: companies anchor the top-class international trade integrated service providers, build market-centred physical economies Ecology and digital ecology centred on the Chinagoods platform, bottom-line and deep-line integration, nuclear
While market operations are expected to contribute on a continuous basis to profit gains as size expands and rent market-based pricing, the chinagoods platform, based on a service-based integrator, is expected to share full-chain trade gains and gradually release its performance, companies are expected to continue to benefit from the deepening of construction along the way and from the transformation of State enterprises.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS. He covered mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, and the new CSCP, covering gold jewellery, underline retailing, and diamond-growing plates.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, joined the Sindha New Consumer Corps in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.