Granted foreign exchange operations with payment agencies to further strengthen the capacity of the integrated services of foreign trade, company research, company quick evaluation, retail trade, general retailing.
The announcement issued on 6 November 2023 after the closing of Zhang Chang Hao stated that its subsidiary, Fast Track Payment Services Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Quick Access”), had recently been authorized by the Zhejiang Division of the National Foreign Exchange Administration to carry out foreign exchange operations by the paying agencies.
Retailing views of the state: 1) Foreign exchange operations of payment agencies are small, fast, and easy-to-reach electronic payment services provided by payment agencies through cooperative banks for cross-border transactions by market traders. Fast-tracking the approved foreign exchange operations corresponds to the needs of the foreign trade market for small commodities in the country and contributes to improving overall cross-border trade efficiency. 2) Companies have previously been granted cross-border renminbi operations, and this foreign exchange operation will contribute to further expansion.
The scope of the “yiwupay” operation enhances the brand influence and service capabilities of the paying agency. 3) Foreign exchange operations of the paying agency will also create business synergies with the foreign trade service platform, Chinagoods, on the public line, from the demonstration of online transactions to payments formation and information flow closures, to the provision of more easy value-added services to businesses and commercialization based on foreign trade data elements.
In general, as a global leader in integrated foreign trade services, companies are actively engaged in data asset and digital trade eco-building, benefiting both from future growth in revenues from well-developed market-based service packages, and from the long-term growth potential of emerging operations such as digital trade and cross-border payments. Maintaining companies with rapidly expanding cross-border payments, small commodity city subsidiaries have been authorized to operate foreign exchange operations with payment agencies.
In recent years, China’s cross-border electricity supplier market has been growing rapidly. According to the General Customs Administration, in 2022, cross-border power suppliers exported 1.53 trillion yuan, an increase of 10.1%, representing 6.4% of China’s total foreign trade exports and imports, and 1.9% more than in 2019.
The total amount paid by the services market rose from 1.8 trillion yuan in 2018 to 4.6 trillion yuan in 2022, representing an annual compound increase of 26.4 per cent, and it is hoped that this time a fast-track foreign exchange operation will be authorized for the payment agency, with the client base for the relevant remittance processing being both domestic institutions and individuals, and the business model will cover international logistics expenditures under export earnings from trade in goods, import expenditures, and trade in services.
In addition, it is worth noting that the company’s operations, based on the country’s important foreign-trade market, with strong local brand endorsements, will help speed up the development of cross-border foreign-exchange operations. In general, we believe that the foreign-exchange operations of the company’s authorized agency will help to further expand the scope of yiwupay’s operations and enhance the delivery of yiwupay.
As of October 31, 2023, yiwupay has accumulated a cross-border bank account for nearly 20,000 businesses, with cross-border clearing funds exceeding RMB 3.2 billion, which is expected to expand further in size in the future. And, more importantly, cross-border payments will work in synergy with corporate online foreign trade service platforms, ginagoods, from online transactions to payments formation and information blackouts.
The company, as the world’s leading foreign-trade integrated service provider, is actively engaged in data asset and digital trade eco-building, benefiting both markets in the future and income growth under well-developed service packages, as well as new and emerging operations such as digital trade and cross-border payments inject long-term growth potential. We maintain the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject