Main business continues to be good, three quarters of performance meets expectations \triangleright 2023
The cg platform gmv accelerates with the current ring for the payment business. 3q23 main business profits of about $477 million \triangleright payments: yiwupay has opened cross-borders for nearly 20,000 businesses since it was officially launched on 21 February 2023.
Of these, 1h23 achieves the number of clients of cross-border RMB business services. Liu Wenzheng has over 15,000 households, and cross-border settlement funds exceed RMB 1 billion, accelerating the third quarter ring comparison.
In terms of the Māori rate, 23q1-3 is Liu Yinging, research assistant.
3q23 RMB 51 million in return for investment, 3q23 net return on return on investment increased by 44.32 per cent over the same period, to the semi-annual report of Small Commodity City (600415.sh) for 2023; 1h23 net profit on mother plus 63.5 per cent on trade and ecology
On August 14, the company developed a strategic partnership with the Aucafon Group of Japan to build and implement a 2023/08/20. Aucfan owned more than 70 billion + price quotations for the online shopping and auction market.
2. Small Commodity City (600415.sh) in-depth report: "Aucfan, an e-commerce price search platform for price data, and Japan's home-head b2b power company platform, with a way out of the ring, small commodity city opens up a new space for growth."
[netsea] This cooperation, for small commodity city operators, promotes the onlineization of transactions, the opening of Japanese sales channels, 2023/04/29, and the opening of trade performance, can be a small commodity for Japan's aucfan, which is the largest source of commodities in the world.
On October 8, the company signed a framework for a strategic cooperation agreement with the People’s Network, supported by the power of the people’s data storage resources, to create a trade data ecology for small commodity cities with the aim of creating a flow of information from the local suppliers.
Hearts, data elements (information flow) + logistics (performance end) + capital flows (payment plates) + closed rings and infrastructure. In addition to traditional rental operations, additional incremental services and value added are provided, leading to an increase in the capacity and profitability of the depth of realization, with the addition of “one-way” policy poles + application sites that actively embrace the age of intelligence.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.