Small Merchandise City (600415) Merchant Retail, ai products released on the spot, and the stock market still has a rental space, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
(a) Events: the company published its three-quarter report in 2023, which generated operating income of $7.91 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 25.1 per cent, a net profit of $2.32 billion, a 43 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of $2.15 billion, a 37.7 per cent increase in the same quarter of q3, an increase of $2.74 billion, a 29.9 per cent increase in the same quarter;
Realization of a net profit of $320 million to the mother, a decrease of 20 per cent from the previous year; realization of a net profit of $310 million to the non-mother, a sustained increase in revenue from the East Market of the same Region II, and a room for renting up the stock market. During the first three quarters of 2023, the first and second levels of the East Market of the Second Region were carried over, bringing together the same income from the company ' s market operations.
The growth is significant: the third tier of the East Market in Region 2 is expected to yield higher returns if the first and second tiers of the market are completed: in addition to the East Market in Region 2, there is still room for renting up of the company’s pre-existing stock in the context of the high-profile development of the small-commodity urban field, leading to an increase in the company’s revenue.
Interest rate pulls, and the increase in the share of market operations indirectly leads to an increase in the Māori rate. The cost rate does not compare to that of 1 pp/-1.1 pp/+0 pp. The decrease in sales/management costs is mainly due to the larger size of the company, the spread of costs, and the 39.7 per cent increase in R&D costs compared to the same period last year, mainly from 22 years of company acquisition.
Shortcut Payments Services Ltd. was the result of 23-h1 R & D investment, and three-quarter main-sector profits increased by 44.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis by $700 million in net return profits in the first three quarters of 2023 compared to the same period last year, with net interest rates increasing by 3.7 to 29.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the company's East Bank II market contribution.
As a result of higher returns, the net return on the return on the investment increased by 44.3% over the same period. Companies, as a core indicator of the entire chain, continue to expand their market under the Eastern Market, the Digital Trade Center, etc., while actively setting up the platform, such as cross-border payments, 23 years ago.
Quarterly corporate cg platforms are off-limits, with gmv increasing by 112% to over $50 billion, paying for operations, and cross-border clearing funds amounting to about $2 billion, a significant acceleration over the 23-year H1 billion scale. We believe that companies continue to operate on the basis of off-line markets, actively arranging payments, warehousing, logistics, etc.
On the other hand, the company continued to publish the first large-language model in the world in the area of merchandise trade, digging deep into trade data dealers 1. Small Commodity City (600415), completing the expansion of the off-line market, 2. Small Commodity City (600415), opening the off-line business city.
On-line platform operations open up for profit No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.