In 2017, the Episode Stock Exchange (601377) reported an increase of 16.21 per cent over the same year and a net profit of 2,285 million for the shareholders of the parent company.
Business Development Summary: Corporate performance is clearly better than industry as a whole. The agency’s brokerage commission rate has declined slightly, the market share of the brokerage business has increased significantly, and the revenue from the brokerage business has outperformed the industry as a whole. In addition, the company’s own operations have been significantly better than the industry as a whole because of the expansion in size and the increase in rates of return.
As a result, the Department performed better than the industry as a whole, driven by brokering and self-employment. Over the last two years, the retail business started to grow with a significant expansion of its outlets.
There are more outlets, but there are only 32 new brokers, and the company brokerage business is down by 2016. As a result of an increase in the company’s market share and commission rates, the company’s brokerage income statement is now better than the industry as a whole.
In 2017, the company’s own business model reached $65 billion, an increase of about $10 billion, and the company’s new investment in equities.
The larger share is configured to take advantage of the opportunities of low-value equities, investment returns and fair equity, the overall decline in the scale of operations, but the structure is further optimized. Given the industry’s overall environmental profile and its superior managerial capacity, it is expected that its operations will continue to perform well in the transition.
Investment strategy: The company now perfects its business network through the accelerated expansion of its outlets, and it is expected to release its performance gradually in the future. In addition, corporate institutions are more competitive, managers are more competent, and are expected to compete in the transformation of their industries in the future.
Intense investment in human resources, emphasis on creating incentives, and active promotion of employee-equity schemes, with 300 indexes of the rating system's “market index” reference point. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.