Performance is slightly higher than expected, with the share of the epidemic taking place abroad fast, and Conlon turned into a tri-quarter review in 2020 (300759).
Events: The company published its three-quarter report for 2020. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a gross operating income of 3,586 million yuan, or +36.53 per cent of the year; a net return profit of 789 million yuan, or +140.28 per cent of the year; and a deduction of non-net research assistant: Lui Kuang.
q3 continues to grow at a high rate of the same year, with a slight increase in the ring q2. The company’s primary drug discovery and drug distribution business has grown rapidly in the last three quarters, thanks to the company’s stable operations and the restrictions placed on extra-epidemiological laboratory services, and the company’s assistance to clients in the development of new drugs in these difficult times.
In the first three quarters, the laboratory chemistry, cmc, clinical research uniforms +84.16%, and +2.82%. The Europe-American epidemic is still serious, with high multi-country innovation in infection data, France again closed the city on October 29, with short-term outbreaks or difficulties in effective control, and companies rely on a stable environment in the country.
Net interest rates have risen significantly. Companies achieved 37.74% Māori in the previous three quarters, up by 4.15 bodies over the same period, with a positive growth in income.
In order to meet the growing demand for laboratory services and cmc services, companies continued to expand their R & D and productive capacity. Inventory was raised to 257 million yuan at the end of September, an increase of 63.48% over the end of the previous year, mainly from raw materials purchased on the basis of demand and still in production.
In terms of capacity, the construction process was 528 million yuan, an increase of 143.22% from the end of the previous year, mainly as a result of the planned construction of the Ningpohang Bay Life Science and Technology Park, the Shao Heng Park Phase and the Tianjin Park Phase III project.
Investment proposals: the company is a large claret, with a clear competitive advantage in laboratory services, and cmc and bedline operations continue to grow; orders continue to grow; the outbreak accelerates to capture overseas orders; business continuity is further enhanced, and production capacity continues to increase the absorptive capacity of orders. We expect the company to continue to increase its capacity.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.