q3 continued its two-quarter growth rate: the company published a three-quarter report for 2020, which generated an operating income of 3,586 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 36.5 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 789 million yuan, an increase of 140.28 per cent in the same year; and the non-mother ' s net profit of 606 million yuan.
The company’s performance in the first three quarters was in line with market expectations. 3 maintained a high rate of growth and was expected to reach a new level throughout the year: 3 achieved a revenue of 1.393 billion on a quarterly basis.
q3 is not affected by the spread of the epidemic in the country. As the effects of the epidemic dissipate within the country, corporate q2 and q3-year orders are paid, and performance recovery is good.
The q4 company operation is expected to maintain a high rate of growth, especially in laboratory and cmc operations.
The q2 and q3 overseas epidemic continues to spread, with companies taking on a large number of orders transferred to the country as a result of the overseas epidemic, while relying on the advantages of enhanced R & D technology and increased inter-sectional business linkages, the first three quarters of the company ' s laboratory operations now generate revenues of $2.327 billion, an increase of 37.64 per cent compared with 37.64 per cent in the previous six months, and slightly outpacing expectations.
The Māori ratio increased by 1.94 ptt to 43.28 per cent in the first half of the year as compared to the scale effect of the high order volume. 2) cmc services received $830 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 31.71 per cent compared to the previous six months, and Māori increased by 2.71 ptt to 31.71 per cent compared to the previous six months. 3) Clinical services, a company q3 sea due to the persistence of overseas epidemics.
External clinical services have been significantly affected, particularly in the US clinical centres, where overall growth has slowed. The company has achieved $414 million in clinical services in the first three quarters, an increase of 18.04% compared to the previous six months; the Māori rate has decreased by 3.76 pct Xu.
The industry maintains a high profile, companies actively deploy whole-of-industry chains, and, influenced by policy drive, ageing, and high market interest, our pharmaceutical market maintains a high rate of growth, especially in the innovative pharmaceutical sector. And because of the higher cost of new medicines and the higher cost of research and development in recent years, the market for outsourcing medicine research and development has become the best option for the industry.
Conlong has become one of the top leaders of the industry in the country, with the disease exceeding expectations, overseas orders maintaining a very high profile: the epidemic is a further boost to the rapid growth of the industry. The company is one of the leading companies in the country's cro industry, which, from laboratory chemistry, is gradually reaching out to the cro, providing small-scale molecular drug research.
The lab chemistry is the cornerstone of the company’s business, allowing the company to accumulate experience in the areas of compound design and synthesis, target selection, pharmaceutical studies, etc.
Conlong has become: one quarter is over-expected, two quarters is expected, and a strong core team has been built. At the same time, it provides a solid basis for the extension of the company’s downstream industry. As the company’s client base and scientific research continue to improve, we expect that the company’s laboratory services will remain high-speed.
As the company's extension to the cro industry, cmc services and clinical research have been the main target of the company's recent training. The company's cmc service is now available for clinical purposes.
Process development and production demand for three drugs. With the promotion of the system of drug-market holders and the growing landscape of the new drug-research and development market, and with the synergy of the company's chemical laboratories, the company's cmc business is expected to remain close to 30% faster. Clinical research is slightly in its early stages, and this year it receives the effects of the epidemic.
The company’s three main lines of business will provide a steady impetus for the company’s continued development on the country’s cro-gold track. The ability of the learning and cmc operations to grow, maintaining an “uptake-a” rating.