Conlon became the company review report (300759) q3 maintained high growth on October 28, 2020, with a significant increase in the Māori rate.
The growth in laboratory services and cmc operations has been significant, with a further increase in the Māori rate of 1.393 billion yuan, an increase of 40.69 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 310 million yuan.
This represents a growth of 85.62 per cent over the same period and a net gain of $244 million over the same period, or 42.31 per cent over the same period. Further growth in business, combined with the growth of the United States dollar, has resulted in a high rate of growth in corporate income and profits.
Greater growth was achieved. The company ' s laboratory services earned $2.327 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 18.04%. Non-recurring company gains and losses included mainly $2.322 million in fair price changes resulting from the company ' s acquisition of the United States dollar, and $81.83 million in investment earnings from the share zentalis.
And forward foreign exchange earnings of $50,681.69 million. To benefit from the rapid growth of business, the company’s business activities are now transformed into sufficient security for the company’s productive activities.
Further increases in Māori rates, net interest rates, stable cost rates, orderly expansion of scale Benefiting from increased business capacity and the appearance of scale effects, with a Māori ratio of 37.74 per cent (+4.15 pc) and a net interest rate of 21.37 per cent (+9.28 pc) in the first three quarters of the company, with laboratory services and cmc
The year 2020 saw a significant increase in the Māori rate of operations.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Conlong in the 2020 season -- 63.48 per cent more than in the same year, suggesting that the company ' s cmc business is well-placed, raw materials are collected.
There has been a significant increase in both the purchase and production of products. Due to the rapid growth of business, the company is also actively expanding its capacity. At the end of the three quarters, the company was building 528 million yuan, an increase of 143.22 per cent over the same period, for the construction of life technology in Ningpohang Bay.
Three phases of the garden, Shao Xing I and Tianjin projects are expected to further enhance the company ' s laboratory services and cmc service capabilities in the future.
Risk of declining demand for new medicines: market competition increases the risk: production capacity is not built up as expected: China, Liu Hyemin, Tofufen
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.