q3 high and sustained, year-round performance 29 October 2020
▪ Events: During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved operating income of 3,586 million yuan, an increase of 36.53 per cent in the same year; net profit of 789 million yuan, an increase of 140.28 per cent in the same year; net profit of 606 million yuan, an increase of 85.34 per cent in the same year; operating cash flow of 1,159 million yuan, an increase of 117.55 per cent in the same year.
q3 maintains a high rate of growth, non-recurring gains and losses and high annual performance. Company q3 returns 1.393 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 40.69 per cent over the same period, and net profit returns of $310 million over the same period, an increase of 85.62 per cent over the previous three quarters, maintaining an increase since q2. Non-recurring gains and losses for the first three quarters include mainly company participation.
On the main side, the company’s business portfolios are growing well, with laboratory services benefiting from the transfer of overseas orders, demand and revenue realized in the previous three quarters.
A large number of drug discovery projects accumulated mainly in the previous period (35 projects up to the 202h1 clinical iii phase and 2 commercialization phase projects) are in the development phase. At the same time, the capacity of companies has been expanding, from 800 m3 to 414 million (+32.05 per cent) in the first three quarters of clinical research services.
The company’s clinical research services are expected to accelerate further when the impact of the epidemic is phased out through the acquisition of the United Nations System in June 2020. In terms of the workforce, the company’s cro, cmc, clinical research teams are expanding to support the company’s business expansion.
▪ Full process integration services, company core competitiveness and long-term growth drive. Companies have found small molecules to create a comprehensive chemical technology platform that cuts across the new drug development process.
(c) In the case of cmc services, the company provides process development and production, materials science/pre-agents, formulations/applications.
Q2 performance development services in support of pre-clinical and all stages of clinical research: provision of services in clinical 1, Conronization (300759), including registration, medical services, clinical operations, data management and biology
The integrated layout is expected to continue with services such as the 2020 Plan, drug alerts, and biosampling.
▪ High R & D inputs are up and running, and corporate profitability innovation is high. By the third quarter of 2020, the company’s R & D costs amounted to $69.05 million, an increase of 60.68% over the same period, and continued high R & D investment should be the result of companies taking on high-quality projects by deepening their old customer partnerships.
Future corporate project structure excellence and scalability cost controls are expected to increase the company’s profitability. The compound profit growth is expected to rise by more than 40% over the next three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board