Keeping performance up fast, with a clear potential for subsequent growth - Conlong into a three-quarterly report (300759).
In recent days, the company has published a three-quarter report for 2020, and in the first three quarters it has achieved a revenue of 3,586 million, an increase of 85.34 per cent in the sum of 85.93 per cent.
The impact of the first three quarters of the epidemic has been extremely limited, with significant growth in business circles as companies have resumed their work since early February, and quarterly performance has continued to grow faster, with the epidemic to the public.
The overall impact of the Division is limited. Sub-operational panels: laboratory services (including laboratory synthesis and circulation of a share of market value (millions of dollars) and high Maori bioanalysing have increased further. Cmc operates separately in a single season this year.
For 202 million, 304 million, 324 million, the Māori rate for the first three quarters was 31.69 per cent, a significant increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period last year. Cmc continued to benefit from scale effects and increased capacity utilization. The share of future corporate revenue and profit contributions will continue to rise further.
With 113 million, 130 million, 171 million Māori in the first three quarters down 5.2 per cent from the same period last year, it is expected that the business will continue to grow significantly after the impact of this year’s epidemic and the transition period for the integration of the United Nations. Overall, Kang Yong’s first three quarters of business expansion and productive release will continue at a faster pace.
As Zhejiang and Tianjin regions become more productive, the company’s growth potential remains strong. The Zhejiang base’s potential for subsequent production is clear, and early corporate equity investments are being actively pursued.
In conjunction with existing Zhejiang business plans, the company ' s follow-up capacity _aaa_conlong ' s semi-annual performance forecast (300759), with clear potential released, and through participation in equity funds, the company invests in early potential innovative pharmaceutical projects.
The aim is to achieve a high degree of convergence of interests among interested parties, which will facilitate the flow of future projects. _aaa_conlong to 300759 for the 2019 edition of the report; _aaa_conlong to 300759 for the three-quarterly edition of the report.
Billions, 1.611 billion, equivalent to 96 times, 74 times and 56 times; maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: less than expected expansion of operations, increased market competition, risk of exchange rate fluctuations