Together with a fat, long-formed dram, and with a mind-deep entry into the sensor chip market.
The company is the leading design firm in the country, and its main products include noorflash, nandflash and mcu, which were co-fertilized in 2017, and the layout dram business, which is currently planning to receive and purchase the sensor chip design company, which is well thought out and is expected to acquire and complete the product type further.
Storage and mcu are two-wheel-drives, and high R & D optimizes the product structure. Companies have accumulated more than 10 billion deliveries of their norflash products over the years based on storage and material networking.
The company has long focused on R & D and technological innovation, ensuring product sophistication, constantly upgrading its existing product series, with R & D investment reaching $230 million in 2018 and generating business income.
In October 2017, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the compost product, agreeing to cooperate in 12-inch crystal storage and development, and on 26 April 2019, the company signed an investment agreement with the compost and compost company, agreeing to transfer shares.
The claims were invested in $300 million and continued to study and negotiate a follow-up funding scheme. The project is progressing well, and the development of the dram memory will open up more market space for company storage.
Shanghai Sly has 100% equity and raised matching funds. The matter has now been approved by the SEC. The asset labeled is a leading fingerprint sensor and contact display core designer, with a net profit of $95.07 million in 2018. The acquisition is complete.
After that, the company will cut into the sensor chip field, and the product type will be further enriched, using the market price of 4 July 2019 as the standard, which should be 84 x, 70 x, 56 x, respectively.
Accumulation of technology, combined with dram in layout, for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating.
Storage chip prices continue to fall; asset restructuring is not progressing as expected.