The company released its semi-annual report for 2019: 1.202 billion yuan during the reporting period, compared to the previous year.
The annual growth rate of 8.63 per cent; net return to mothers was 187 million yuan, a decrease of 20.24 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year. The second quarter saw a marked improvement in the first quarter, with higher income innovation. Business improvements were evident, with $746 million in the first half of the year, a rise of 31.98 per cent compared to the previous year.
In the first half of the year, there was significant progress in storing and mcu new products, and demand rebounded to contribute to income growth.
Companies continue to develop new products and promote technological upgrading. Noorflash, launching the industry’s least encapsulated low-power wide-voltage product lines, targeting applications such as object networking, wearable, etc.; launching the country’s first 8-channel spi product, compliant with the jdec code, for high-performance applications; launching 256mb, 512mb, etc.
For high-reliability performance areas such as industrial controls, motors and electronics, the gd25 series has been certified as a vehicle standard. Nandflash, a high-reliability 38nmslc product, has stabilized its output and will boost the 24nm process product.) For mcu, the company continues to expand its mcu product portfolio to launch its first global product.
In the first half of the year, companies promoted the integration of small-minded acquisitions, and in June it was achieved and presented. Slight was the lead in the country.
Fingerprint recognition sensors, and the company's technological leadership in the flash and mcu fields, and the consolidation of Slim's acquisitions, will help companies achieve platform-based strategic layouts ranging from storage, control to sensorization, interconnection, peripheral calculations.
Considering the June balance sheet and the flash and mcu demand rebound, the company q2 single season q2 Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Flush, mcu needs are not as expected; new products are not as advanced as expected; and business integration is not as expected.