Newtimesecritities o2 performance is over-expected and storage cycles are ready for future growth -- mid-point rating for gestationary innovation
• q2 performance exceeded expectations and the storage cycle was expected to end with a “strongly recommended” rating that the company issued in mid-2019: 1.202 billion yuan (+8.63 per cent) in 2019 (h1 operating income) and 187 million yuan (+20.24 per cent) of the net profit of the mother, of which 745 million yuan (+31.98 per cent) was earned by q2;
A net profit of $148 million (+1.43%) is expected from the supermarket. We believe that the two-quarter period is marked by a significant warming, which augurs well for the bottom of the storage cycle, with companies acting as domestic storage taps, coupled with highly competitive mcu and new sensor products, which are expected to be sufficient in the context of national product substitution and rapid growth of the network of goods.
• The product structure is being optimized, the product lines are being enriched, and the net medium- and high-capacity share is increasing. The company's current business layout is divided into three main directions: storage, material networking, and sensors.
New products have been introduced in a number of areas, such as wear, industrial controls and car electronics. Nand flash from 38 nmslc has stabilized production and will further roll out the 24nm process; for mcu products, companies have accumulated over 300 million goods, and new products have been developed for high performance, low-cost and network applications, respectively.
And it has been widely used in the market, and the company has successfully developed the world’s first product series, risc-vmcugd32v, to help meet future needs for debris networking applications. In addition, the company has successfully acquired the Sith emblem, entering the field of optical fingerprint sensors, building storage, control, sensorization, interconnection, and edges.
Computation of integrated solutions. .h1 R & D costs increased by 74.42% on a year-on-year basis, increasing core competitiveness and consolidating market position. H1 R & D costs increased significantly by 74.42% on a year-on-year basis in 2019, reaching 140 million yuan.
Advanced R & D input, full series of products with technological and cost advantages, company core competitiveness.
Upgraded: in the norflash market, the company ranked fifth in global sales in 2018, with 10.9 per cent market share (+0.4 pct); in the norflash market, the company ranked third in global sales; in the Chinese market, the company ranked third in market sales in 2018, with 9.4 per cent market share
(+3.4 pct), after st and nxp. We believe that the global storage cycle is largely bottom-line, that companies are more competitive in storage and mcu, and that the recovery of downstream market demand will be fully beneficial in the future.