Over-expected progress in long-term storage, expansion of new growth space, valuing reports/electronic components, recently, according to the Consumed Production and Investment Group, The Ann Insignia Daily, and more recently, the long-term storage of dynamic random access to storage chips.
(dram) Project implementation: After certification by the client, the longpod stored the 8gbdr4dram product of the first generation of 10 nanogrades, and the client is satisfied with the certification results. The first chips are expected to be delivered to the client by the end of this year.
\triangleright, before the market was expected to be fatty long before q4, but on September 20th, the 12 inch storage chip self-manufacturing project was announced, and the first bright-looking product was synchronized with the international mainstream dram product.
The first generation, 8gbdr4, has been certified by large domestic and foreign clients and officially delivered by the end of this year. Compared to the trend of 300 depths, the unit will become the Chinese storage agent.
The 12-inch storage crystal manufacturing base project, with a total investment of 150 billion yuan in three phases, had a capacity of 120,000 units per month and 360,000 units per month after the end of the three-year period. Dram accounted for 56 per cent of the storage market, $100 billion, and China was the largest market in the world, but 95 per cent of it was distributed to Samsung and the Sea.
The realization of the Leices, Lights, and Long Pilgrim projects marks the country’s autonomous production capacity with the strategic component dram. Long Pilgrims provide an important boost to development.
The compost is co-financed by co-financing the co-production of co-products and oscillating innovation, and Chairman Chu Yiming is also the compost Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the product of the co-production of the combustible product will form a double sword with the product of megaflash, moving from noor of $2.5 billion into the 100 billion dram market.
The company is the world’s leading repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting from the semiconductor self-control trend, and is one of the strategic platforms for national chip storage.
Industrype values 179 times and maintains a “recommended” rating.
1 - Price volatility of raw materials such as crystal circle; 2 - storage chip price reduction; 3 - dram capacity climbs below expectations. 3 - Continuously optimized structure, equity incentives to show confidence Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.