19H1 performance exceeded expectations and product lines continued to diversify
Net profit of $187 million, a decrease of 20.24 per cent in the same year; net profit of $159 million, a decrease of 27.39 per cent in the same year; overperformance reported, with a significant improvement in income for the second quarter, year-on-year and ring ratio \triangleright
q2 net profit from the mother is $147 million, an increase of 1.19 per cent in the same year and 27,256 per cent in the ring; q2 Māori income growth is due mainly to: (1) the sustained increase in new orders in over 200 new end-users in 18 years; and (2) the continued introduction of new products by nonflash and mcu that allow breakthroughs in markets such as wearing, consumer, etc.
The main reasons for the decline in performance in the first half of the year were: (1) R & D costs of $140 million, with equity incentives leading to an increase in wages of $10.7 million; and (4) the acquisition of Slv and Foresche, leading to an increase in depreciation spreads of about $10.7 million.
\triangleright (1)noorflash accumulates over 10 billion items for object networking, wearable, consumer-type roll-out.
The industry has a minimally sealed line of low-power, wide-voltage products; it has launched its first 8-way spi product in line with the Jedec code: the focus on extension engineering, car electronics, etc., and the gd25 full series has become the only nationally produced car flash product in the country, with 256mb and 512m of high-volume products.
(2) Nandflash, 38 nmslc process has stabilized and led the industry by introducing a 24nm process to complete the small and medium capacity of the Nandflash product series and the corresponding emmc solution. (3) Continuous promotion of the 12 inch crystal memory development project in collaboration with co-fertilizers, and co-fertilization,
In our view, the company's extension to Nandflash on the basis of noorflash, the continuous upgrading of the product lines in advanced processes and large capacity, 1. Mt. Innovation (603986).
And make a series of breakthroughs in industrial controls and auto electronics, with clients now covering intel, Samsung, and fine energy, with continued optimization, equity incentives to show confidence, the factory, profitability and product competitiveness will be further enhanced, and the dram, who collaborates with the compost industry, will be expected.
Micro-Innovation (603986) Corporate rating: Strategy Intake-Cycle International, increasing the mix of mcu products with downstream partnerships, launching a series of new products on the Internet, and strengthening the “mcu department store”
The volume of mcu products accumulated over 300 million and the number of clients exceeded 20,000, with more than 330 product models, 23 product series and 11 different types of encapsulation. The high performance m4e103 series and m23 series maintained a pre-emptive advantage during the reporting period; and the highest roll-out value was the gd32e230 series of ultravalue microcontrols.
The company uses the 55nm process for mcu products, the 40nm process product at the R & D stage, and the 40nm process node with the main streammcu manufacturer is closing.
During the reporting period, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of Slim's shares in June.
The company has continued to strengthen its cooperation with China Point International, Shanghai Microelectronics, United States Electronics, and others.
The company is the world’s leading repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting a trend of semiconductor autonomy, and is also one of the strategic platforms for national memory chips. Considering the impact of the acquisition of Shanghai Slim, pss is expected to take place in 19/20/21.
1. Price fluctuations in raw materials such as crystal circle;2 price reductions in storage chips;3 and research and development of drams are not as fast as expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used for reporting are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.