28/08/2019 Storage, Control, Sensitization, iot Blueprints.
The semi-annual report 2019 of the MVI showed that in the first half of 2019, 1.202 billion revenues were realized, an increase of 8.63 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was 187 million, a decrease of 20.24 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, despite a decline in semiconductor temperature due to macroeconomic slowdowns, the public sector’s nonorflash product, driven by demand such as 5 g, wearing equipment, and so on, continued to show remarkable performance.
In addition, companies have introduced a number of new products for networking, consumer, wearable, automobile, and industrial-controlled markets, thus strengthening the basis for sustained growth in their performance.
In the first half of the year, the company's mcu accumulated more than 300 million shipments, with more than 20,000 clients, sitting in the middle of the industry, with a seat in the interior. The mcu, as an important control unit at the moving end of the network, will grow steadily with the iot industry, and we think that it's in Central American trade friction and semiconductor autonomy.
In a manageable context, the Mcu growth space is expected to open further. In addition, the company has successfully developed the world’s first universal risc-v32-digit micu, which is an effective complement to the company’s arm architecture.
In the first half of 2019, the company completed the acquisition of Shanghai's micro, and successfully cut into embedded biometrics, capacitors, capacitors, etc.
In the future, the company will be able to scale up the entire spectrum of sensors like ultrasound, optical-style fingerprinting.
Controls, fingerprints, ultrasound, etc., edge computing, connections, etc., and the corresponding algorithms, software-in-the-board systems and solutions. In the short term, the noorflash scene, which is hot in the market, supports the company’s business.
In the long term, the vast network market promoted by 5g is an opportunity for companies to grow that cannot be ignored. As a home-based semiconductor company in the three core areas of storage, control, sensors that are also laid down in the iot track, it adds to the trend of substitution of national production under conditions where its strength is unique.
It is expected that companies will achieve net return demand by 2019-2021 below expectations, new product research and development below expectations, market expansion below expectations, and market competition. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment will produce this report independently and objectively with a diligent and professional attitude.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.