Performance has reached a point where fundamental improvements have been sustained and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance summary has improved: the company ' s business performance has recovered significantly from q2 and q2 returns $750 million in a single season, a year-on-year increase.
32.0 per cent, q2 net profit to the mother of 150 million, an increase of 120 million on the same year. In the first half of 2019, $1.20 billion was collected, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year and $190 million net profit to the mother of 20.2 per cent in the same year.
R & D costs reached 140 million yuan, an increase of 74% over the same period last year. In 2019, the overall decline was slower than it was in 2018, and Taiwan's norflash giant, Wang Hero, also gave a price forecast at the bottom, while his own M & A rate began to rebound from the bottom of 19q2, so we believe.
On the demand side, demand has rebounded month by month from April, and q3 is expected to continue its rebound, with the release of the new airboards at the end of the 19th, leading to a continuous increase in demand. From the corner of the supply chain, demand continues to rise.
The demand for high-capacity nonflash has increased even further. The mcu:q2 demand has rebounded strongly, and the risc-v structure has created brand power. The mcu has rebounded strongly in the second quarter, with q2 ring q1 rising by more than 40%, and a record $10.5 million in the month of June.
In terms of product combinations, companies have developed new products for high-performance, low-cost and network applications. The high-performance m4e103 series achieves volume production, leading the market in new hot collars, such as fingerprint recognition, wireless charging, and m4 products. In August 2019, companies successfully developed the first global common risc-v.
The mcugd32v product series, while increasing corporate brand power, can also further expand overseas markets. The Silicon: Performance Promises are kept steady, and the new product is launched in the second half of the year. Slick's promise to capacitate from 2018 to 2020, and the upgrade of the optical fingerprint chip from the screen has now begun to be imported.
The thin optical chip is also in the process of import and will be organic at the end of this year or the first half of next year.
2. Micro-innovation (603986): Risk of low performance of the Star of Auto-Innovation (2019-02-24) emblem commitment; risk of poor R & D and lower profitability.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.