Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The speed of profit growth Ningpo Bank incident: 27 October, Ningpo Bank published a three-quarterly report from 2025, and 1-3q25 was opened.
The net profit from entry and repatriation is 54.98 billion and 22.45 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent and 8.4 per cent (1h25:) on 19th, the country’s first urban commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The end-of-life rate is 0.76% and the ring ratio is equal; the provision coverage is 375.9% and the ring is 1.7 pct higher. Clients, by adhering to the principle of access, have the objective of providing diversified financial services to their clients.
"Corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset trusts, profit growth loops have increased evenly, mainly as a result of a reduced net interest rate margin.
Asset Management, the nine major profit centers, have initially developed a diversified business growth model and a good brand image. Revenue growth has increased rapidly, and middle-income growth has been high at a low base.
54,988 million dollars, year-on-year + 8.3%, an increase of 0.4 pct over the first half of the year. Of this, (1) net interest charges drive increases in wealth management operations, such as sales. (3) Other non-interest income falls by 9% per year, mainly if the debt market adjusts in the third quarter. At the cost end, the costs of managing, revenue collection and the delays in making the provision.
Basic hedges. (1) Ningpo Bank has maintained a high level of credit provision since the end of the year, with a credit impairment b/h share (millions of shares) supported by public operations, with credit growing faster. By the end of September, Ningpo Bank's total assets were in line with those of the bank.
Compared to +16.6 per cent, of which loans, bond investments, peer assets +17.9 per cent, +17.9 per cent, current lack of will on the part of residents to leverage and demand for mortgages, consumer loans and business loans has not improved, while retail risks are still being exposed, companies have accelerated exposure to write-off and disposal, and have taken the initiative to raise access doors.
Net interest differential phase is stable. The single-quarter interest margin ratio has risen. 1.76 per cent net interest margin for 1-3q25 Nbo banks has been equal, falling by 9bp the same year, and has decreased by a narrow season since this year. Most of the benefits are from an increase of 6bp, in which the interest rate ratio of debt has fallen by 10bp and the interest-bearing asset rate of return has fallen below.
At the end of September, the Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing loan rate was 0.76%, the same ratio as in the previous year, and the loan rate was 1.08%, an increase of 6bp. In terms of bad sales disposal, $8.61 billion was written off in the previous three quarters, down from the same period last year, but less than last year.
Still at a historically high level, write-off disposals were more intense. The negative net generation rate after measurement of write-off and transfer was 0.99 per cent, the ring ratio was reduced by 6 bp and the same year by 26 bp, and the negative rate has been declining steadily since the year. On the provision side, the provision was extended by 375.9 per cent at the end of September.
Investment proposals: In this year’s environment of weak credit demand across the industry, Ningpo Bank size has increased, net interest differentials have remained resilient, middle business income has been restored to growth, corporate core revenue has grown brightly. Asset quality indicators have stabilized, poor production rates have declined steadily, and provision coverage has been maintained for two consecutive quarters.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East has recovered steadily. With the increase in core revenue + the smooth quality of assets, Ningpo Bank is expected to continue to grow in large numbers throughout the year. The net profit growth is expected to vary from 2025 to 2027.
There's a large reduction in the gap; there's a large out-of-expected volatility in the quality of the assets.
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): A small increase in profits, a steady improvement in the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the forest.
There's a direct or indirect connection between the idea and the idea of the future.
East Hing Securities reported that Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The profit rate has increased slightly, the quality of the assets has improved fairly, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report on the content objectively and fairly, but the point is,
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.