In the first quarter of 24 years, there was a steady increase in performance, with high performance calculations fully benefiting the waves.
26 April 2024, billion yuan, +5.59 per cent of the year. Income and net return profits are in line with prior performance forecasts. Corporate announcement for the first quarter of 2024: 16.29 billion yuan, i.e. 3.52 per cent of the year; net return
606 million yuan, +259% of the year; 530 million yuan, +43.14% of the year, net profit from non-repatriation; gross market data: 25 April 2024, smart terminal operations have experienced a decline in income influenced by industry demand, and Māori rates have risen steadily.
1.17 pct. The company ' s mobile odm business is growing and is currently a multiplicity of domestic and international end-brand odm suppliers, and with the increased penetration of the odm model, the company is expected to continue to increase its share in the industry.
Intelligent apparel companies have become the main suppliers of global head-clothing-type products, using the synergies of cellular end-users, and are expected to continue to improve product competitiveness in the future. High-performance computing operations benefit fully from the incremental computing demand brought about by the ai.
In the area of personal computers, companies have established good cooperation with national and international brands to build up technology in the area of mobile phones for use in the pc industry, which has entered the top four world in the notebook odm business, which will continue to grow with a rising penetration rate in the aipc industry in the future, and the pc business will continue to grow at a high rate.
The international first-line brand supply chain is a leading global odm company. In the data products business, companies have increased their annual data business revenue threefold, and the i server has started, making it possible to have a universal server and a go-ahead.
Switchboarding, whole-store product combination of the ai server. Active stocks of auto electronics, industry, aiot, etc., accelerating the expansion of downstream customers. 2023 \triangleright
Automobile electronics and industry revenues of 817 million yuan and aiot revenues of 1,622 million yuan, all of which are at high speeds and long-term rates.
Māori rates improved markedly in the first quarter of 2024, with data centre operations growing at a high rate. The company ' s non-mortality net profit in the first quarter of 24 years was $530 million, or +43.14 per cent, mainly due to robust consumer electronic operations, robust development and high-quality growth of data centre operations, and improved product structure resulting in single-quarter Māori rates
13.82 per cent, or 0.81 pct, and 2.56 pccm higher by the same year. Considering the firm's strong competitive advantage in the odm sector, the full benefits of high performance calculations have led to the growth of the relevant odm sector, with the first “buy-a-a” rating being over.
Risk of macroeconomic volatility: international and domestic economic challenges, corporate downstream demand derived mainly from \triangleright consumer electronics, dominated by popular consumer goods such as cellular terminals and pc, with potential economic downward pressure on downstream
International trade friction leads to supply chain risks: companies, as odm enterprises, have a supply chain of raw materials \trianglerights abroad and are at risk of supply chain blockage by international political influence.
High-performance computing industry has not developed as much as expected: the company ' s current major increase comes from i \triangleright pc and the growth in data centre computing needs, and the downstream high-performance computing industry has not developed as expected
Industry competition increases the risk that corporate products are downstream, mainly consumer electronics, car electronics, data \trianglerights, etc., and that firms run more competitors in the odm business model, with the risk of falling market shares.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.