On April 25, Chinese technology released its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report 2024.
The Division achieved a revenue of $85.338 billion, a 7.89 per cent decline in the same year; a net profit of $2,707 million for the mother, a 2.59 per cent increase in the same year; and a net profit of $530 million for the non-mortality, a 43.14 per cent increase in the same year. In the first quarter, for the fee-free electronic tradition, the decline in corporate income was reduced by a similar margin of 13.82 per cent, an increase in the same ratio.
0.81 pct, an increase of 2.56 pct in ring comparison, or due to company initiatives to give up some of the low-mori consumption electronic orders.
In the field of smart wear, companies have entered the supply chain of a number of well-known brand companies in the areas of smart watches, tws headphones, smart bracelets, etc. The business has declined as a result of the downside of the consumer electronics climate for 23 years.
The maturity and landing of mobile phones and ai headphones is expected to be positive for 24 years. Ai pulls high-performance computing operations. The business consists mainly of personal computers, tablets, and data products.
The company’s data products business consists mainly of general servers, switchboards and ai servers, which have delivered and received products from a number of well-known national cloud producers, and it is expected that the ai server will continue to boost the business.
The company’s market share has risen rapidly, and when it is the top four in the world, and with the ecologic and growing maturity of the aipc software and hardware industry, the pc industry is expected to enter a new growth cycle, which will benefit the company’s pc business. Automobile electronics and alot’s operations have been on the rise for 23 years.
\triangleright collects $817 million, an increase of 37.57%, and achieves a Māori rate of 18.33%. The company has made breakthroughs in four modules: smart cabins, smart car controls, smart network connections, and smart driving.
Billion dollars, a significant increase of 466.53%, and a Māori rate of 20.19%. The business consists mainly of new and emerging smart hardware products such as smart households, vr, games products, and the delivery of goods to a number of well-known end-users.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.