(e) High-performance computing operations performed in a dynamic manner, resulting in a high rate of growth in non-net profits.
The revenue was 85.338 billion yuan, representing a decrease of 7.89 per cent in the same year; the net return on maternity was 2,707 million yuan, representing an increase of 0.99 per cent in the same year in terms of industry products, with three times the increase in the same year in data operations, 110 per cent in automobiles and electronics, and 467 per cent in the same year in the case of aiot operations.
High-performance computing business continues to work, aipc/ai servers drive performance growth. The company ' s high-performance computing business includes pc business, data product business and flat-board computer business. In the pc area, the company ' s laptop odm business in 2023 has entered the top four of the world and will continue to do so in the future.
The penetration rate of aipc will increase year by year and the value of products and services brought about by a company's combined capacity with hardware and software will continue to increase, leading to a sustained increase in performance; in the area of data products operations, companies are able to provide access from common servers, asymmetrical artificial intelligence servers, and hand-overs.
A full-store mix of products, such as switching the number of products to storage servers, has established close cooperation with several nationally known cloud producers and has achieved product delivery and receipt; on the tablet computer, there is limited information technology in Shanghai.
In this area, the company is now entering the international front-line brand supply chain, where the odm penetration rate in flatboard computer odm continues to increase, and smart terminal operations continue to grow. In smartphones, public and DSW smartphone odm is growing, with the largest global output, and mobile odm penetration rates are increasing.
In the field of smart wearing, the company has entered the supply chain of a number of well-known brand manufacturers in the areas of smart watches, tws headphones, smart bracelets, etc. The volume is expected to rise as the one function brings better user experience in wearing applications.
A number of collaborations have been established with domestic and international automobile mainframes, and automobile electronics are gradually gaining momentum. The Department has now built up a fully fledged self-research capability consisting of hardware, software, hmi, testing, etc., as well as a certified manufacturing centre through car regulations.
The four main business modules of the joint, intelligent driving have been broken, multiple collaborations have been concluded with domestic and international mainframes, and a combination of hardware and software has been developed to develop a design model for research and development that is recognized and recognized by clients and has gradually developed a scale effect.
International trade frictions and policy limits risk; industry patterns of competition increase risk; raw materials are used in the present report as data from what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.