Mid-Crystal International (688981): The mature process can be global crystal-crystal-crystal pattern with a first-tier array of power and three stars, Grovend, Unilever Electronics and Central-Crystal International as the second-tier team, and other manufacturers as the third-tier team. Not only are there processors in the different echelons.
The difference between the world's leading integrated circuit crystal round workers is the difference in market share. The global share of power generation is more than 50%, and one of the leading companies provides between 0.35 microns and 14 nanometers of different technologies.
The reason why this position is difficult to break is that the essence of the development of the surrogate industry stems from research and development inputs, capital investments in crystal-round engineering and technical services at actual nodes. The group head office is also the cost of equipment research and development paid to equipment manufacturers in the form of purchase of equipment.
In Shanghai, companies that are concentrated in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin and Shenzhen are most in need of scale effects, and in a globalized market, leading firms gain the advantage of R & D in more than 8 inches and 12 inches of plants.
Using anti-morrow law, the battery can press down the price of the product significantly after the equipment's five-year depreciation period, use the time lag to hit the profit level of the most advanced line of the second-tier manufacturer and reduce the likelihood that the opponent will get closer.
The time lag between power reduction and power generation, or the choice of saving the cost of abandoning advanced track catch-up, maintaining a steady maturity process to increase profitability. Under the influence of the external environment, CKI had to slow down the planned advanced track catch-up and turn it around.
The fragmentation of global markets, the slowing down of Moore’s laws, and the accumulation of domestic talent are all favourable conditions for continued international development. Since depreciation is an important cost component of the surrogate industry, capacity utilization is an important factor affecting profitability levels.
The company’s planned capital expenditure of $4.3 billion in 2021 will be spent mostly on the extension of mature production, with a small amount on the development of advanced production processes, and the extension of mature production lines in the context of limited research and development will contribute to an increase in overall capacity utilization, which is currently the most reasonable option.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) Our global share of the Fablesss plant is much higher than the share of the Foundry plant, and national surrogates also have a clear flowb/h share (millions)
Market space. While global crystal mill expansion will be dominated by advanced processes in the coming years, market demand for maturities of 40 nm and above will continue to grow. At the same time, driven by high profit margins of advanced ranges, a ladder of manufacturers is likely to reduce the operation of mature production lines, and the exit share is expected to be from China-Key International.
The company therefore chooses to expand its mature production line in line with market demand and is expected to improve its profitability continuously in the future.
Mid-chip International (688981): mature process for profit improvement Mid-chip International (688981): mature process for profit improvement.
China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Ltd. was founded in 2000 and has its headquarters in Shanghai, China. The company was listed in 2004 at the Hong Kong and New York offices simultaneously, in 2019, and in 2020, on the market.
It was established in 1987, when Taiwan was interested in developing the semiconductor industry as a new breakthrough in the economy, and it received some financial support. It was not easy to obtain orders, but to do low-end chips for the Intel and other Idm plants.
Production, with the development of mobile communication technologies, Hightower and power generation have become important enterprises in the semiconductor sector. The 1990s have been another era of computation, with a large number of servicers, such as British Weida and Botton, rising by replacing power. By the year 2000, power generation had finally caught up with the traditional Idm plant in the advanced stages, while high investment in 12-inch crystallines had increased the cost advantage of the surrogate model.
In 1997, Zhang Yujing created the world’s semiconductor in Taiwan, engaged in crystal-crystal industrial operations, and quickly realized the benefits of production and production.
In January 2000, in the absence of Mr. Zhang’s knowledge, the major shareholders of the world’s semiconductor agreed to buy power at $5 billion to boost their competitive advantage. When he was planning to build a factory on the mainland, he knew that his own plan would be difficult to implement, and that he would not be able to stand in the company.
In April 2000, Zhang Yujing established a brand-new factory in Shanghai, China Point International. With his reputation in the industry, Zhang has quickly received funding support from many sources, and has brought in a pool of professionals from Taiwan and Singapore.
As the company stenchs, the company was hit by a build-up of electricity. In 2003 the battery claimed $1 billion for “theft of business secrets” in US California, which was also a crucial time for China-Cholel to be listed in the US.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom chose to settle with power generation by paying $175 million. By 2006, however, the power buildup was again filed in the United States on the grounds of “violation of the settlement agreement”, while the power buildup at the Beijing counter-offensive station was counter-attacked.
After closing the case in 2009, Zhang Yujing also resigned. After a series of upheavals in equity and control, the industry was struggling to catch up with the build-up of electricity.
The company announced the success of the 14 nmfinfet process in 2019. At this point, the gap between the advanced process and power generation is about two generations of technology: Figure 1: The important time node since the establishment of Mid-Cryspin International. 2. Characteristics and trends of the surrogate industry
2.1 Three Stars are firmly on the first stage of the advanced process, and the second-line manufacturer is a mature and unique process. To date, the global chip manufacturing field is dominated not only by more than 50% market power, but also by the most advanced systems. The three stars are the only ones that can be most advanced in the foreseeable future.
In addition to a slowdown in processes such as Intel and Grovend, which have been leading in the logical field (even if the English 10nm process actually approached 7nm of power build-up), Grovend has simply renounced R & D of less than 10 nm. Other surrogates rely mainly on mature processes and specialty processes to obtain orders, and the new Idm plant is mainly a process production line, such as power and simulation.
The source of financial growth in the East (688981): The maturity process can be a profitable process, because the three-star industry is not an independent listed subsidiary, Grovend is not listed, its operational data are not directly available, we can only compare power generation with power generation.
The level of profitability between the other sub-team sub-employees is clearly higher than that of the other pursuers. It is worth mentioning that the combined Māori ratio between the center core international and the U.S.C. Electronics as the second-team team trying to catch up on the power builder is significantly lower than that of the third-team.
Colour-based plants. On the one hand, advanced process R & D and expansion require substantial capital investment, on the other hand, power generation uses sub-improvement strategies that discourage competitors, and on the other hand, power generation builds itself a seemingly impenetrable mound. 2.2 The surrogate model remains the most promising model.
(1) The surrogate model emerges from a vertical division of labor after a complex product, and the increased complexity of the chip will continue to raise the importance of the factory. The demand for vertical division of the industrial chain is due to the increased complexity of the product. Although Moore's laws have been in force since the 1960s, the early manufacturing chain is not the most important factor influencing the performance of the chip, the power and integration of the chip is not the main constraint, and the design level determines the level of the process.
Products are competitive, so products can generally be produced by chip companies. By the 1980s, the complexity of chip designs and the complexity of manufactures increased rapidly, and the constraints of manufacturing processes on chips gradually became apparent, giving rise to the demand for vertical division of industrial chains. The initial crystal round industries were just producing products with low technological content (which are similar to the general proxy industries), but with the increase in research and development and capital investment in advanced production processes, the need for a vertical division of industrial chains has increased.
The surrogate model reduces barriers to investment in the chip design industry and contributes to the boom in the chip industry. Since chip design and manufacturing are in different technical fields, they can be operated independently by different companies, so that neither design nor manufacture binds each other’s R & D risks.
The chip's complexity is increasing, and it will continue to raise the importance of alternative plants. Now that chips are more and more difficult, chip companies tend to spend a lot of money on chip design.
Investment in a production line is also going to be tens of billions of dollars, so future chip companies will be using the Fables model more, traditional Idm manufacturers will also be looking for collaboration with the surrogates, and the position of the professional replacements will be further enhanced. (2) There is not much pure-for-work line for domestic investment.
The 8- and 12-inch G.O.D. lines in our mainland are mainly from China Harbour International and the Waron Group, and Taiwan’s companies, such as the C.O.C., also have small production lines on the mainland. Although our investment in crystal mills has been increasing in recent years, the net-generation production lines are still inadequate.
It accounts for 13% of the world, the fastest-growing area since 2010. A large number of orders from domestic service producers need to be made on behalf of factories, but domestic sub-plants do not fully meet demand. In 2019, the share of the central core and Huayon faundry plants combined was only 6%.
Mid-Crystal International (688981): The mature process can be a profit-making process, with a large number of products produced in Taiwan or overseas by surrogates. In addition, there is a clear market space for the faundry plant in the domestic market alone, and domestic sub-plants have a significant share of orders from overseas.
Figure 3: Global share of market in the region oftabless, 2018 Figure 4: Global market share of pure crystal round plant sub-regions, 2019
The real problem with the development of the substitute industry is not capital investment, but investment in research and development, which only pays equipment suppliers for equipment end-of-life R & D inputs. Companies that rely on high R & D inputs to gain advantages need a scale effect, so demand for R & D inputs is increasing.
In this case, the most advanced R & D is done by a few leading companies for most customers, which is almost the only viable model. It is also appropriate for semiconductor equipment, because the current global cooperative model of semiconductor equipment is more like a stand-alone crystallizer R & D centre.
The most sophisticated carvings, film-film devices, are from Europe, the United States and Japan, and the big silicon pieces needed for advanced production are mainly from Japan, while downstream advanced production clients include apples, high-tone, Heath, UNDG, and amd, which are chip manufacturers from many countries and regions. Global chemical cooperation has made the semiconductor industry more prosperous than ever, and it has also led to a single locomotive of crystal rounders worldwide.
(ii) Moore's laws and anti-Moor's laws create barriers to power generation. Moore's laws are well-known, meaning that the number of secondary tubes that can be inherited on an area chip doubles every 18 months at no change in cost. Anti-Moor's laws mean that the same level of chips drops by about half every 18 months when Moore's laws come into effect.
Over the past few decades, Moore’s laws have almost perfectly interpreted the development of integrated circuit processes, while anti-Moor’s laws have destined a profit-making gap between technological catch-uprs and leading players. Once the first team is formed, it has a financial advantage that catch-uprs cannot afford, and the first team’s members can hardly return to leadership once they fall back, so that the most advanced process participants are gradually reduced, forming the pattern today.
In recent years, when a new generation of process products is produced every 2-3 years, the new product will account for the highest share of income, and after five years of input, the share of revenue will drop significantly, which is also consistent with the five-year depreciation period of the plant ' s power line equipment. Normally, the most advanced process production of the plant will fall by five years, and the cost of accounting after five years of depreciation of the equipment will drop, forcing other catch-up companies to lose their higher profits.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East has lost the basis for a substantial investment in advanced development. The strategy of power generation, which uses advanced production processes to make profits, to use mature processes to fight competitors at lower prices, is a long time of struggle at the time when Moore’s law came into effect.
Figure 5: Five years after the advanced power supply, there is a marked drop in the yield ratio, and 2.4 second-line manufacturers can choose a development path.
The cost of choosing this path is that short-term profitability may not be the same as that of a three-line manufacturer, but the biggest problem with a second-line factory is that the most advanced process that often costs a lot of money to develop has become the maturity of a battery, and the price dividend has disappeared, and the R & D input of a second-line manufacturer does not provide the same return on profits. To break this dilemma, the second-line is needed.
Road two, to keep up with the maturity, to raise the profitability of the production line, would save up a lot of R&D money, avoid the price of an advanced sub-process, and raise overall profitability, but there's hardly any chance of being a front-line manufacturer.
In order to catch up on advanced processes, either second-line producers need to speed up the R&D process, or they need to slow down the R&D process. The former need to invest more money and manpower, while the latter need to slow down Moor's laws. It is clear that in recent years, Moor's laws, while showing signs of slowing down, have not really slowed down the R&D of the advanced R&D system, and that large amounts of money and manpower are not freely available, and therefore give up on advanced R&D.
The operation of a more sophisticated process becomes an option for some second-line manufacturers, such as the ITU and Grovender, which have decided to abandon 10 nm and 10 nm, respectively. It would be advisable for China-Cholel International to choose a second path, on the basis of which it would be appropriate to reserve advanced R & D:
The US intervention made this path impossible, and the second generation of finfet technologies, already heavily invested, had to be used only as a reserve for future technology. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Mid-Cryser International (688981): The maturity process can be a profit-making improvement process The business model of the current crystal circle plant, where catch-up escapes from a leader's repression requires two conditions: (1) the lead-up cycle is prolonged, catch-up catch-up is close to the technological gap: (2) the catch-up gets preference and support beyond the economic benefits of the advanced-procedure client.
In real terms, firstly, the development of a battery and the advancement of Moore's Law did slow, but the China-Cryshaw International, because of its limitations on American equipment, was unable to make rapid breakthroughs in the advanced process, and even to expand production; secondly, the China-Crystal, an important potential advanced process client, was also restricted by the United States, making it impossible for it to work with it properly, but had to look for an advanced process client.
The gap in progress is almost impossible. So, like other second-tier manufacturers, the development and expansion of an already well-established production capacity is the best option for corporate development in the current situation.
3.1 The objective environment creates new enabling conditions for China-Chrystal International (1) The global market has been divided and mainland China has had to have its own reliable surrogates, and China, as the economy with the largest chip demand, has used about one third of the global chip terminals per year.
With more than 10% of the world, mainland China is in dire need of its own reliable production line. Under these conditions, neither the 14nm nor the mature production line of the China-Chrystal is missing customers. (2) Moore's laws are less important.
Moor's law slows down for reasons of nearing physical limits, and causes for the weakening of the drivers. The main driving force behind the increase in human computing capacity in the last half-century has come from Moor's law, while the most important driver of the ongoing fourth industrial revolution is artificial intelligence at the heart of big data, and the computational revolution has reduced the importance of Moor's law and slowed the demand for state-of-the-art progress.
Our chip industry is likely to be an important player in the age of the intelligent revolution, and it could also lead to the transfer of global industrial chains. (3) Our pool of talent offers the possibility of, and unprecedented policy and financial support for, the development of advanced surrogates.
The development of advanced industries requires a certain economic and human base. Since the 1980’s, we have also struggled to catch up with advanced international semiconductor technologies, with specific programmes such as “Strategic 531”, “Project 908” and “Project 909” but have failed to achieve the desired results, for a number of reasons, but the economic base and the pool of talent in the country are still scarce, and it is difficult to achieve real catch-up by introducing technology.
Today, our semiconductor professionals who have been trained since the reform and opening up of the country have accumulated considerable experience and are now in their prime years. Economic development has provided sufficient financial support to the semiconductor industry, and Western behaviour has led to a consensus that the advanced semiconductor manufacturing industry must be vigorously developed, which will help China to develop alternative industries on its mainland.
The center core international is rich in process and production lines, and the center core is currently in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin and Shenzhen, and there are convex processing and testing lines in Jiangsujiang. The center core is Beijing, China, China, China, China, China, China, and Shenzhen, the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, with 51% of the real holdings in the centre north, and the center core.
The South actually held 50.1% of the shares, and the middle core-long power held 55.97% of the shares. The middle-core South is the source of the growth in Eastern financial intelligence that companies are carrying out advanced research and development of less than 14 nm. By the end of 2020, the company had an 8 inch-crystal capacity equivalent to approximately 521,000 km/month.
Table 5: Details of the existing crystalline line (specific production line as of 2020q2)
East Hing Securities Insight Report Mid-King International (688981): The maturity process can lead to a profit improvement period
About 63.5% of the income comes from mainland China and Hong Kong, 23.2% from North America, and 13.3% from other regions. According to data from recent years, China and Hong Kong have seen an upward trend in the share of income from mainland China and North America, and a declining trend in the share of income from North America, reflecting not only the growth of the domestic surrogate market, but also the fact that China and China are constantly meeting the needs of the domestic design industry.
Figure 9: Trends in income in the region over the last few years in China-Kill International, where the main course of business is different, makes the company and the station ' s electricity available to different customers:
In the following areas of product applications, 44.4 per cent of the revenues of Kernel International in 2020 came from smart phones, 17.1 per cent from smart households, 18.2 per cent from consumer electronics, and 20.3 per cent from other areas: 9.3 per cent came from 14nm and 28nm in 2020, while the rest came from 45nm, the main collection came from mature processes of more than 45nm, so the main product should be general logic processors, electro-source simulation chips, radio frequency cores.
There is a clear difference between the downstream areas faced by China-Chole International, when compared to the generation of power from the power of the replacements. The total amount of electricity collected in 2020 was more than 41% from 5 nm and 7 nm, about 72% from income from 28 nm and below, 48% from mobile phones, 33% from high-performance computing machines, and it is evident that the products of the build-up replacements are more advanced mobile phones, p.p. and cpu, among others.
Figure 10: Composition of the bottom-of-the-core international camp by mid-2020
Figure 13: This difference in the share of low-lying products in the caps system in 2020 is related to the respective main production lines. As early as 2005, there was no significant difference in the process between the central core international and the battery, and the 90nm process was launched more than a year later.
As a result, the introduction of the kernel in the 65nm process was more than two years behind, 45nm three years behind, and 28nm four years behind. The four-year period also created an absolute advantage in power generation, and the 28nm process launched by kernel since 2016 failed to yield large-scale replacements. The net profits of the company fell significantly after 2017, owing to the fact that 28nm was hard to harvest.
The changes in the sanctions imposed on Chinese enterprises since 2019 have led to an increase in the company ' s 28nm production line collection in some domestic customers. Figure 14: The ratio of the annual distribution of profits of China-Key International to the growth of Eastern wealth.
In 2017, with the addition of Liang Mengsong, China Cui International began to accelerate the process of advanced process development. In 2019, the first generation of the company’s finfet line, 14nm, produced in official quantities, will also include 12nm process improvements from the 14nm process. At the same time, the company is also developing a second generation.
The finfet process, which includes the n+1 and n+2, is generally thought to be equivalent to 10 nm-7nm. Previously, the company had publicly stated that the n+1 process would increase by 20%, reduce power by 57%, reduce the logical area by 63%, the soc surface by 55%, and the n+2 process by the end of 2020, limiting it to the United States.
The export by the equipment industry of 10 nm and less in the center core has once again posed a major obstacle to the company’s advanced process of catching up. While using existing equipment, production of the 7nm process can be achieved without multiple exposures and etchings (the 7nm process in the first generation of the electrical builder is for the completion of the duv burner), its economic nature is problematic. And the procurement of the follow-up equipment will be difficult.
Second-generation finfet lines are not easy to achieve large-scale production in the short term. While companies say that second-generation finfet lines are already in the risk-volume phase, there is a need to focus on the next progress when they can be profitable.
3.3 Investments back to maturity are expected to increase corporate profitability. China-King International ' s operating income in 2020 was 27,471 million yuan ($4,271 million), an increase of about 11 times since 2003 and an annual average compound increase of about 15.5 per cent. Companies made their first profit in 2004 and achieved more stable profits after 2013 by relying on higher capacity utilization of mature processes.
By 2005, when the share of capital expenditure was higher, depreciation and amortization costs as a proportion of operating costs could reach 70%. The public-sector investment in capital fell after 2006, and while accounting for depreciation in subsequent years decreased, it also significantly slowed the company’s R&D progress in the 65nm process.
After 2010, the company ' s overall Māori rate increased significantly, with the company ' s overall Māori rate remaining profitable since 2012, as a result of an increase in the company ' s capacity utilization rate and a marked decline in its operating costs. In 2016, the company acquired the Italian proxy factory lfoundry (sale in 2019), and accelerated research and development on 14 nm and below after 2017, leading to a further significant increase in capital expenditure in subsequent years, and a decline in Māori and net interest rates overall.
In recent years, the depreciation of corporate equipment as a percentage of total operating costs has been around 40%. The data disclosed by statistical firms show that about 80% of the combined production line is roughly equivalent to the company’s profit-and-loss balance line.
Figure 21: Mid-Key International single-quarter capacity utilization and net profits since 2010 Investment in mature production line expansion is a more economical option: in 2020, companies were listed on the Science and Innovation Board, raising more than $52.5 billion in net funds and preparing sufficient funds for further expansion and advanced process R & D.
Corporate capital expenditure in 2020 was $5.7 billion, higher than all year-round revenues, and was at an all-time high. In 2021, corporate capital spending was planned at $4.3 billion, most of which was planned for the expansion of mature production processes.
Figure 24: Comparison of capital expenditure with operating income (US$ billion) for the International Year of Mid-Key, according to previous data, capital spending on the expansion of 10,000 8-inch-eq capacity of companies by 2016 averaged around US$ 500 million, which includes investments in civil construction, such as factories. There has been a marked increase in unit capacity investment in the expansion of companies since 2016, as can be seen from 28 nm and below.
The cost of investment has increased significantly when entering the pipeline. Figure 25: The cash flow of capital expenditure in the Mid-Key International Year in comparison with the increase in capacity (8 inches) A significant portion of the $5.7 billion in capital expenditure in 2020 was spent on the expansion of advanced processes such as 28 nm and 14 nm, and thus per unit capacity
Investments are high, and depreciation costs in the coming years will increase significantly, and if they are not successfully converted to stable income, they may have some impact on the treasury. The $4.3 billion of corporate investment in 2021 will return to maturity expansion, including 10,000 12 inches of capacity and at least 45,000 inches of capacity, a small amount for advanced process development and local construction of joint ventures in Beijing.
At a time when market demand is extremely high, firms’ increased capacity is expected to quickly achieve high capacity utilization and steady profitability. According to data released by icinsights, China’s semiconductor domestic manufacturing in 2020 totalled about $22.7 billion, which is about the size of China’s semiconductor market.
Millions of dollars, up to 19% of China’s market, can reach about 30% of global capacity each year, which includes advanced production expansion by power producers, tristars, etc., as well as the transfer of dram and Nand storage to advanced 10nm, which will reduce sub-optimal capacity between 10 and 40nm.
Overtaken by trends, however, market demand for maturities above 40 nm will rise steadily, with global maturities above 40 nm expected to increase at a compound rate of about 2.9% by 2024, and market size remains significant. Substream demand areas for maturities include power management chips, radio-frequency chips, cosms sensors, mems, various mcus and power half-conductors.
For example, the applications of new-generation communication technologies, the spread of new energy vehicles, and the growth of consumer electronic demand will create huge market space for these chips. Most of these chips need not rely on advanced processes to improve their computing, but rather special processes to guarantee the performance of design functions, so they will be made using mature processes over the long term.
According to global pure-generation plant data from market research agencies, the market share of 40 nm and above in mature production remains at the top of the list, accounting for about 28%, followed by 13% of the U.S. Electronics, 11% of the China Cube International, and 10% of the Samsung-generation plant, with a relatively balanced share overall.
Driven by the fact that one class of manufacturers is likely to reduce the operation of mature production lines in the future, the share of their withdrawal is expected to be shared by the middle core international, the combined electricity and other second-tier manufacturers. So we think that the middle core international expansion in mature production lines meets market demands.
Figure 28: Percent of mature plants 40 nm and above worldwide, Figure 29: Main downstream demand areas for mature processes 4. Valuation and profitability projections
(1) The company ' s capital expenditure of $4.3 billion in 2021 could be successfully implemented, with an expansion of 45,000 8-inch production lines and 10,000 12-inch production lines, some of which are 14 nm; (3) the Central Harbour capital project phase could complete the construction of the plant in 2023 and start the installation of the equipment, with production in 2024;
(4) The single price of the crystal circle remained largely unchanged or increased slightly in 2021, followed by the utilization of 12 inch 14 nm and 28 nm production line capacity.
In terms of valuation, Chinese-Cryston investors’ shareholdings are global and often do not pay enough attention to second-tier surrogate firms and fail to discover their future growth capacity and role importance, and therefore the valuation is undervalued for a long time. And corporate investors’ shareholdings are more likely to see them as domestic and national replacements, with premium premiums, which is one of the reasons why companies have a difference in value.
Investors may get more share-pricing options. China’s employees have a stake incentive, and the increase in valuation will facilitate the realization of options and will further enhance the likelihood of a breakthrough in corporate R&D. Pe’s coverage is 50, 41, and 39 times higher, with a “recommended” rating for the first time.
There has been an increase in uncertainty in China-United States relations, in the supply of equipment and materials upstream, and in the number of customers abroad.
Chen Woo-chul Research Assistant Profile Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering, and worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group.
In 2019, he joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report, Mid-King International (688981): The mature process can improve profitability.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.