After the 21st of August, the company announced its mid-2019 report.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 45.06 per cent over the same period in the previous year; a slight slowdown in the growth rate, but still high growth rates; a slowdown in the growth of telecommunications value-added services; a slowdown in the growth of intelligent education relays; and a slight slowdown in the first half of the year in the growth rate of major science flights over the same period in the previous two years.
The revenue from the operation of the telecommunications value-added product dropped by 10.49% per year, from 8.58% in the same period last year to 5.83%. Given that China’s connectivity, China’s mobile e-mails, etc., are already corporate customers, the telecommunications value-added service is expected to be close to the bottleneck of growth.
The company began to work in such consumer areas as smart education, where it achieved a business income of 978 million yuan in educational products and services, an increase of 48.86 per cent over the previous year. At present, the company is using the leading artificial intelligence technology to form a full-line product of intellectual education in the depth of application in the education sector.
The system, which already covers over 25,000 schools in the country, will be the main driving force behind the company’s net rate of pb in the next phase.
The potential of artificial intelligence consumer products to build on technological advantages is enormous, and companies have launched a number of intelligence products that undermine traditional traditions, such as telephonic machines, telephonic pens, and office scripts, and have begun to move into consumption.
At present, AI technology is considered to be the key technology that could lead the next industrial revolution, leading the major industries such as Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc. have been deployed in the area of AI, and the country’s Internet industry is well established and Ali has entered. The company continues to invest in high levels of research and development.
In the reporting period, R & D costs amounted to $455 million, or 11% of the company’s total cost, and the R & D team remained stable, with nearly 700 core cadres leaving at less than 1% a year. Depending on technological advantages, companies have great potential for development as the artificial intelligence industry matures.
This report is presented independently and objectively, in a professional and diligent manner, on the 5th floor of Urban Gate B. I have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.