I'm reporting a six-month review.
Innovation driven by high growth performance, which was 31.72 per cent higher than the same period in the previous year; Māori, which was $213,277,700 more than in the same period in the previous year; high growth in performance and increased profitability q2 in the first half of 2019.
One billion yen, or 45.06 per cent more than the previous year, is expected for the performance supermarket. q2 achieves a net return profit of 88 million. Market data: 21 August 2019, an increase of 80.14 per cent compared to the same period the previous year, with a significant increase in the profitability of q2.
Open platform landing applications continue to expand. By the first half of the year, the open platform had been opened with the highest/minimum (in dollars) in the year: more than 180 ai capabilities and scenario programmes, with the number of developers reaching 1.03 million.
In the first half of the year, the Toc Achievement Camp toc account for 37.28% of total revenue and the Māori for 39.79%.
On the basis of the laws and the successful application of the translator, the industry led the launch of a number of smart hardware, such as a fly-by translator, a tape recorder and a smart office copy, and on 21 May 2019, a successful launch of a new product was held in Shanghai to further expand the company's profile in the area of c-end consumption.
For the first time in a row, during the period of 6.18, the TV translator, 3.0 days in a row, and for the third year in a row, won the first prize in sales of the Skycat/Kingdong Two Platform. “Kingdong in June” won the first prize in sales of the Kyoto Platform's written product class.
In the field of smart law, the voice recognition rate of court hearings is more than 95 per cent, and the time spent on cases has been saved more than.
25% of trial transcripts are 100% complete, and the length of complex trials is reduced by more than 50%.
The world record of the most concerned c liver splitting sub-task was refreshed on the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City City, and the algorithm would make it possible to match the abdominal parts of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The fine separation of organs further strengthens the technical barriers to the company's medical operations. To date, medical assistants have landed in more than 1,000 primary health-care facilities and have been able to provide nearly a thousand common diseases for general practitioners, with a cumulative total of nearly 5 million services; and artificial intelligence-assisted diagnostic platforms.
In the first half of the year, the inter-district rate was \triangleright.
Increases in wages, depreciation, etc., were 0.44 percentage points higher than during the same period last year. R & D is expected to continue \triangleright as Toc’s business continues to thrive and the industry’s application landscape continues to flourish.