A little overperformance, a little overperformance for open platforms and high growth in consumer business, and a high growth in open platforms and consumer business.
$189 million, an increase of 45.06 per cent in the same year, and $31,633.3 million in net profit after deduction, an increase of 56.61 per cent in the same year, slightly exceeding our expectations. In terms of business splitting, the Open Platform collected $485 million, an increase of 55.73 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the continued expansion of open platform landing applications and the growth of digital advertising;
Consumer operations accounted for 1,576 million yuan, an increase of 45.45 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in sales of new applications for the development of the ai; the increase in the revenue from the law and order sector was 459 million yuan, an increase of 31.58 per cent over the same period, mainly from the public security and prosecutor's offices; the increase in the revenue from education products and services was 979 million yuan, an increase of 48.86 per cent over the same period; and the increase in intelligence was 48.8 per cent.
29.42 per cent of revenue, mainly due to a sustained increase in the number of R & D staff by companies in order to maintain a technological lead, and an increase in capital amortization and remuneration levels. 50.44 per cent of M & A sales and 9.26 per cent of net operating cash flows have improved on a year-on-year basis.
City information engineering and smart hardware have increased profitably, with Māori rates increasing by 7.84 per cent and 6.06 per cent respectively, respectively, publishing multi-intelligent hardware products, and toc end business growth periods.
Among these, it has won a sales champion in the form of a written copy of the Kyoto Platform in “Kingdong Red June”; smart office depth has been applied to the two meetings of the country; and a new dialectic feature has been added to the RFL, which has reached more than 140 million active users.
The company continues to apply artificial intelligence technology to innovations in smart hardware products, and user satisfaction continues to be raised by the growth rate of 45.41 per cent, the increase in intellectual education and law enforcement, and the steady expansion of the Toc end-of-business ratio, which is likely to grow in the future.
Open platform landing applications continue to expand, smart hardware products are sold on a significant scale, and we're looking at the company's failure to sign a strategic cooperation agreement with North Gas, "ai+Car" starting to land 2017-11-09.
58.16 per cent increase over the previous three quarters, "Platform+Ai industry has shown positive results and R & D investment continues."