Quest Flight (002230): Multi-track applications, artificial intelligence, industry's stronger.
The company is a smart voice and artificial intelligence company listed. Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2019 and collected $4,228 million in the reporting period.
One of the companies with the core technology and autonomous intellectual property rights, the speech synthesis core technology, representing the world's highest water department, has a leading role in key trades such as education, law, medicine, smart cities, etc.
Since its inception, the company has long been engaged in core technical research in speech and language, natural language understanding, machine learning reasoning and self-learning, and has maintained the level of international cutting-edge technology;
The company's cognitive intelligence is constantly gaining access to technology, actively promoting artificial intelligence research and development and industrial applications, breaking through, continuing to deepen the company's focus on education, law and practice, and health.
In this area, the company's technical barriers to education have been further consolidated, not only by obtaining specialized mathematics during the reporting period, based on the core technology of autonomous intellectual property rights.
The winner of the competition also significantly optimizes the recommended algorithms for personalized learning. The network of intellectuals has been expanding, and has now launched an intellectual product covering the entire industry, covering more than 15,000 schools in 32 provincial districts of the country, with toc individualized learning products in place.
The Chinese voice technology is available to people in the areas of goods and services, leading deep applications in consumers, intellectual education, intelligence, cities, intellectual services, smart cars, intellectual medicine, intellectual ability to live at home, etc.
The Māori rate for educational products and services is 68.53 per cent. More than 70 per cent of the market share of the market is in the market for intellectual and legal skills.
Over 25% of the time, the "al+ Law" product and solutions are now widely used at all levels of the judiciary and the executive, with over 90% coverage by the High Court and the Provincial Attorneys. The Mäori practice reached 53.66% in the reporting period.
The Medical Artificial Intelligence System for the Clinical Practitioners' Qualifications, which has been applied and achieved better results in the 4th district of Anhui province, has now been established in more than 1,000 primary health-care facilities to help doctors make decisions. The company’s operations are multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary and will be manual.
The company has been active in building toc end-use products during the reporting period, generating operating income of 1,576 million, an increase of 45.45% over the same period.
Toc ends cover different areas, companies upgrade the new generation voice recognition frame engine, and voice recognition increases by more than 20%, with about 140 million active users.
One of them, in conjunction with his office, has launched an app for hearing, a smart meeting system, a translator, a King Ken Fai, a source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (002230): Multi-track applications of artificial intelligence, industry's stronger position, products such as taped pens, and displaying international-level meetings, smart audio pens have also won sales in the form of pens from the Kyoto Platform in June sales.
As the company continues to develop artificial intelligence technology, more and more toc end products will be integrated into different industries, and business growth is expected to result in a new generation of core technology research and development projects, smart voice artificial intelligence open platforms, smart service robots, and applications products projects and people.
The company’s profit forecasting and investment rating: as a leading national software firm specializing in smart voice and artificial intelligence, the company is expected to gain a more dynamic source of Eastern financial intelligence in the field of artificial intelligence.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that multi-track applications of artificial intelligence have strengthened the position of the industry.
To create ideas of value for research, an analysis of his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.