Platform + track strategy continues to work, with an increase in end-of-end (c) by 33.11 per cent in year-on-year, net profit of $189 million in year-on-year, 45.06 per cent in year-on-year, net profit cut
In the first half of 2019, there was an increase in the company’s ability to return to the mother-to-child net profit. In the case of Maori, the overall Māori rate increased slightly, with a product breakdown, education, law, and open platforms decreasing by 14.36 pct and 5.89 pct respectively.
▪ Platform + track strategy continues to work: at the platform level, open-air platforms apply the rules of the advertising industry. At the track level, companies open a whole new market space on every track in the education, politics, medicine, smart cities, etc.
In the field of smart education, the income from the operation of educational products and services increased by 48.86 per cent, and the network of intellectuals has covered over 15,000 schools in 32 provincial districts of the country. In the area of smart law, the income from the operation of the law has increased by 31.58 per cent.
The Smart Court System, which covers the country's 31 provinces and municipalities, has over 3,000 law and order units. The Criminal Cases Smart Auxiliary Case System has, for the first time, been able to access the data flow of the Department of Public Prosecutions and has become fully operational in Shanghai 1, Science and Technology (002230): the core.
In the smart city area, the revenue from information engineering and the fast-growing track, the consumer business began to grow by 38.46%, the “urban mind” technology architecture was further refined, and the “Internet + government services” were developed.
In the field of intelligence medicine, there are more than 1,000 medical assistants, 2 of which are called "Scientific Science Flyings" (002230): the company.
In addition, health facilities have been established to provide GP-assisted care for nearly 1,000 common diseases, with a high rate of growth and an accelerated increase in intellectual education.
Long-range access, cumulative analysis of 400,000 cases of chest ct. c end consumer business enhancement combined with landscape application, percentage further up: Toc operations
The combination of i-technology and landscape applications has been strengthened, and new multi-purpose i-consumption products have continued to be cultivated and built, further expanding the c-end layout. Toc achieved operating income of 1,576 million, or 45.45 per cent more than the figure; Māori, 849 million, or 41.92 per cent more than the figure; and Toc, the business as a whole, received revenue.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In 2019, the corporate artificial intelligence strategy formally entered the 2.0 era and will focus on improving per capita efficiency and overall promotion of incremental performance management and business efficiency, based on the three pillars of the 1.0 strategy.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board