• Civil-military aircraft operations (000768.sz) benefit from long-term demand release, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating
The company, as the sole platform for the civil-military build-up of large aircraft, will benefit directly from the military aircraft, civilian demand release belt, which is valued at a higher level than the average valuation level of a listed company. This level of valuation is due to a higher level of corporate profitability than that of a comparable commons, and the final injection of the most recent core assets would significantly improve the level of profitability.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given for the monopolistic position and larger market space in the industry.
Airforce 2019, China’s total military transport fleet is low, at only 21% in the United States; its current military transport capacity is built in a medium-sized aircraft year, with 757 projected military transport aircraft market space, of which 320 are shipped. The company is expected to benefit in the long term as the only overall platform for military transport/bombers.
• The air transport industry is in high demand, and there are prospects for civilian air support operations, which, according to the Chinese commercial flight Forecasted Annual Report of the Civil Aircraft Market 2019-2038, are in high demand and will grow steadily over the long term, with China accounting for 21 per cent of global passenger turnover by 2038.
Over the next 20 years, China’s air market will receive more than 50 passenger aircraft, worth approximately $1.4 trillion. It is expected that the domestic civil aircraft will have a larger share of the domestic air market, with companies as owners of large domestic civil aircraft, with strong technology and a strong market, and with a high prospect for private aircraft operations.
• Planning for major asset replacements, which, upon completion, will enhance the profitability of the company
The company ' s performance increased by assets; (2) avoided the sharing of agent fees; (3) saved rental costs for plant and equipment.1 The company built the only platform with a smooth growth in civil-military aircraft build-up mechanism The company is the only platform with a large aircraft build-up mechanism of the China-China Industrial Group. In 2009, the company absorbed through reorganization.
The air operations assets of the Western Flying Group have been enriched by the production of aircraft of the same type as the eight series, based on the production of the entire aircraft and spare parts. In 2012, the company purchased the air operations-related assets of four companies, namely the West Flying Group, the Luft Flying Group and others, through the reorganization of the assets. The company then gradually displacing itself into civilian aircraft.
Ineffective assets such as Xiantian Air Science and Technology Ltd., Xi Dynasty, Shen Dynasty, etc., optimize the company ' s asset structure. The company is mainly involved in the operation of military fleet aircraft, landing gear, and zero items of military civil aviation. The company is the country ' s main aircraft product, such as large and medium transport aircraft, bombers, special aircraft, etc.
The manufacturer, one of the most important transporters in the domestic market, is an important supplier of aircraft landing gear systems, brake brakes and brakes, and is an important supplier of c919, arj21, ag600, as well as foreign civilian aircraft. Billion dollars has grown to $34.3 billion, cagr to 9.21%; net repatriation profits have increased from $40.0 billion to $570 million.
Cagr is 9.20%. The main reason for the lower growth in business income and net profit on maternity in 2019 was that the Department of Public Administration no longer included West and Shen Dzongkhags as of 1 January 2019.
The Air Force is a strategic force, with strategic capabilities adapted to the expanding national interests and changing security situation. China’s National Defense for the New Times states that the implementation of the national air defence system is accelerated in accordance with the strategic requirements of the integrated, defensive and integrated approach.
A shift towards both offensive and ready-to-attack capability to improve strategic early warning, air strikes, anti-aircraft defence, information confrontation, airborne operations, strategic delivery and integrated security capabilities in an effort to build a strong, modern air force.
Transport aircraft are transport aircraft with a total take-off weight of more than 100 tons, which is an important indicator of a country’s national defence strength. In addition to military strength, transportation and delivery of goods, large military transport aircraft can also serve as a platform for the adaptation of various types of special aircraft, such as early warning aircraft, air refuelling aircraft, maritime patrol aircraft, electronic warfare aircraft, and special mission aircraft.
These aircraft are carrying special equipment and heavy fuel, requiring a high carrying capacity of large transport aircraft to ensure that the total number of Chinese military transport aircraft differs significantly from the international advanced level, and that the share of large strategic transport aircraft is relatively low. According to WorldairForce 2019, in 2018, United States/Russian/India/China transport fleets were held in descending order.
940/401/248/193, 21 per cent in China, 48 per cent in Russia, and the fourth in India. In terms of aircraft configuration, China ' s military transport aircraft are dominated by medium-sized aircraft, with 67, 75, or more than 70 per cent, of the main aircraft, 7 and 8, respectively; strategic transport forces developed during the Soviet period, Il-76 and New
The composition of the service fleet, 22 and 7 respectively, represents only 15 per cent of the total, compared with 29 per cent for the United States of America ' s C-5m/c-17 tactical transport aircraft.
Figure 5: China’s military transport aircraft, which lack high-capacity transport capacity, will continue to function as the main aircraft for the short term, and the large strategic transport aircraft will be in urgent need, and the shipment will accelerate at 20 per cent. According to Lockheed Martin, 80 per cent of the military equipment/military materiel transported by United States forces is accounted for by 80 per cent of the total.
In addition, medium-sized tactical transport aircraft (e.g., transport-8, transport-9, etc.) are better than strategic transport aircraft with lower prices, lower maintenance costs, smaller sizes, better access to the front line of operations, high mission adaptive capabilities, etc.
We have long relied on the import of Ir-76 from Russia as a strategic transport aircraft, and the successful development and integration of the 20th force has achieved a major breakthrough in the autonomous development of our strategic delivery equipment, which will be the focus of strategic transport capacity-building.
If China has a strategic transport capability close to the United States, we expect 757 military transport aircraft to be empty in the next 20 years, of which 320 will be transported. If the capacity of the Chinese transport aircraft in the next 20 years is comparable to the capacity of the current main transport type in the United States, there will be a shortfall of approximately 310,000 tons, assuming transportation to 8-, 9, and 9.
With reference to the United States military tactical and strategic transport aircraft configurations, the shortfall in capacity will require an additional shipment - 8/to 9 - totalling 437 and an additional shipment - 20 to 320.3 Commercial aviation requirements are high and civil aircraft operations are promising
China’s air transport market is in high demand, and there is more room for civil aircraft. According to China’s Business Flight Forecast of the Civil Aircraft Market 2019-2038, China’s civil air transport industry completed a passenger turnover of 10.71.32 billion kilometres in 2018, an increase of 12.6% compared to the previous year; 610 million passengers were transported throughout the year, an increase of 10.9% compared to the previous year.
With an average annual growth rate of 6%, China’s passenger turnover will reach 4.08 trillion km by 2038, or 21% of the world’s total. To benefit from the strong demand in the air transport market, China’s commercial flight forecast for the period 2019-2038 is that China’s air traffic market will receive more than 50 passenger aircraft, with a market value of about $1.4 trillion (by 2018).
The annual catalogue price is based on an estimated RMB 10 trillion. Of this amount, 958 vortex passenger jets are paid for 50 class and above, 6119 single-channel jets are delivered and 2,128 double-channel jets are delivered over 250 class and above.
The company, as a major participant in the country's large civil aircraft, the arj21 company's core appliance, has great prospects for civilian operations. c919 is a medium-sized trunkline aircraft that we have developed autonomously and in accordance with international airworthiness standards, filling the gap in the field of national trunkline flights, which, at the technical level, can compete with Boeing 737 and Airbusa 320 to participate in the international market.
Over 10,000 hours have been built up and 11 safe flights have been put into operation, transporting nearly 320,000 passengers. The development of the arj 21 passenger jets has completed the design, testing, testing, testing, testing, forensics, production, delivery, and operation of the jet feeder.
The company is a major participant in the development of civil aircraft in the country, acquiring the c919 project airframe (including the central wing), the outer wing box (including pre-fixed, backward), the wing, the back flaps, the front sutures, and the aircraft’s 85% or so structural development mission. China is expected to make a significant effort to promote a larger share of civil aircraft produced in the country.
Intra-market share, the company ' s years of research and development of aviation products have resulted in a strong technological build-up and extensive manufacturing experience, a strong market position for major suppliers of civil aircraft parts and components and a promising business outlook for civilian aircraft products.4 Planning for major asset swaps will enhance the profitability of companies upon completion
The company is in the process of planning for major asset replacements, which, if implemented, will enhance operational efficiency. On 6 November 2019, the Department announced that it would replace some of the aircraft spare parts manufacturing assets with some of the aviation industry aircraft restructuring and maintenance assets.
Assets such as equity/aviation industry 100% equity/aviation industry 100% equity, aircraft spare parts to be placed
With a greater focus on ownership, streamlining management mechanisms and improving operational efficiency, this reorganization will result in higher corporate performance and greater profitability. 1) Incorporated assets will increase corporate performance: as of 30 September 2019, the aviation industry has achieved net profits of $296 million combined if
The net profits of listed companies were increased by 87 per cent, without consideration of the introduction of the aviation industry and the installation of the State ' s new seat; 2) The fee-free services are divided between the company ' s ongoing production tasks, which are being developed through the airline industry ' s Western/Aviation industry, with 1 per cent of the contract for the domestic military aircraft and 0.4 per cent - 1.4 per cent of the import and export.
(c) Savings in rental costs for plant and equipment: the company rents part of the plant and equipment annually from the aviation industry west/aviation industry, with associated rental costs incurred in 2018 totalling $780 million, or 140 per cent of the net profit of the year returned to the mother.
The reform of the military price-fixing mechanism is expected to enhance the profitability of companies. The reform of the military-pricing mechanism is continuing, and the profitability of companies is expected to improve further.
A new round of reform of the military pricing mechanism has been initiated. The Guide provides for the military to set the purchase price for the purchase of arms and equipment at the beginning of the project, with the percentage of profits that limit incentives to between +5 and -5%. The average net profit rate for companies as a military medium is only 1.67%, and as the reform of the military pricing mechanism progresses, the “cost plus” will be reversed.
1) We maintain a 7-8% increase in military spending, while spending on equipment continues to increase as a percentage of military spending, and companies continue to benefit from the increase in the procurement of defence equipment as the sole platform for transport/bombers; 2) the strategic transformation of the air force has accelerated the roll-out of 20 strategic transport aircraft and their life cycle, other military pattern
3. The company, as the sole assembly platform for our military transports and bombers, will benefit directly from accelerated industrial growth driven by military and civilian aircraft requirements for release. We predict that the company will achieve a net return profit in 2020/2011/2022.
Valuation level. This valuation level is the result of a higher level of corporate profitability than comparable companies, and the final injection of the most recent core assets would significantly improve profitability.
The demand for military aircraft has been released below expectations and the civilian air market has not grown as expected.