Researchchand developmentcenter
- The Lithium Industries report in depth, Wong Yeo-hung, Lou Yong-gang.
The Lithium Industry: 21 swabs, thick hairs, fast growing lithium ecological chain taps. The company was founded in 2000 from lithium compounds and metal lithium from the lithium industry (002460).
At the same time, the company is gradually investing in upstream lithium resources, which are now controlled by more than 20 million tons lce. In addition, the company is actively engaged in the production of downstream lithium batteries and the integrated recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries.
The company has a strong strategic forward-looking role in leading the industry in the recovery of solid-state lithium batteries and lithium batteries. The company is firmly positioned to build a complete lithium ecological chain in tandem with the rapid growth of the industry.
Of these, lithium hydroxide is currently the largest in the world. The company owns 76% of the annual production of lithium carbonate from the Argentine cauchari-laroz salt lake, which is owned by the company, and the project foresees the production of a pilot vehicle in mid-2022. In addition, the company uses the quality and size of its lithium salt products, in addition to lg, lg, etc.
Since 2011, the company has diversified its upstream lithium resources, and to date it has managed and participated in more than 10 places of high-quality lithium resources, both within and outside the sea, and in the next five years.
Resource-side production will increase significantly to provide a solid guarantee for the large-scale production of lithium salt. Currently, the company’s lithium mine, mainly from the marketing of the mtmarion and pilbara lithium quarries in Australia, will become operational in the future as Argentina’s c-o, Mariana Salt Lake and the Mexican sonora lithium clay project progresses.
Lithium cell production and recovery operations extend the company ' s value chain. The company ' s lithium cell operations currently consist of four main panels: consumer batteries, tws batteries, power/energy storage cells, and solid lithium batteries. As the technology matures and the scale effects become apparent, battery plate collection and Māori rates increase from 2017 to 2017.
Recent increase or decrease in January (%) Recharged lithium battery recovery operations and development of new processes and technologies for integrated recovery of decommissioned batteries, share of circulationa (%)
The price of lithium lithite is still rising at an accelerated rate. Although the volume of new energy vehicles has continued to grow at a high rate, it has been affected by a shortage of car chips, and we expect sales to remain below actual demand in the third and fourth quarters of this year.
With the gradual recovery of the chip supply, this portion of deferred demand is expected to be released in the first half of next year, increasing the marginal increase in the demand for lithium, maintaining low stocks in the low-season chain of demand, and we expect that the demand for lithium will remain tight in 2022, and that the price of lithium will have a significant rise in time and space.
:: Profit forecasting and investment rating: in conjunction with the rhythm of the company ' s lithium-series products and lithium-cell capacity release, industry demand growth and lithium prices, we expect the company ' s net return in 2021-2023 to continue to expand the scale of lithium salt production in the future, reserve lithium-resource production in the future, and solid lithium in the future, respectively
The battery business is becoming more mature, while the lithium industry in which the company is located is growing at a fast pace, covering for the first time, giving the company a “buy-in” rating. Catalyst to the stock price: lithium prices continue to rise: the company’s performance is rising beyond expectations.
Risk factors: Low projected rate of expansion of the company's lithium salt or lithium resource; rate of expansion of the capacity of the company's lithium resource; over-expected decline in lithium prices due to the higher-than-expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles.
In the year, the first country-level leading technology to break through direct battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium chloride from halogenated water,
The first enterprise to professionalize and scale the supply of butyl lithium, and the only to scale the use of lithium-containing recycled raw products, pioneered the entire product chain “halogen water/lithium-carbide recovery material-Lithium carbonate/Lithium chloride-metal-Lithium-buttyl-cell-grade lithium-Lithithium-Lithium-Lithium alloys.” As product types and capacity expand, companies began to configure lithium resources to complement the resource short-line.
To date, the company has controlled and participated in more than 10 places of high-quality lithium resources, both within and outside the country, and has gained more than 20 million tons of lithium resources, making it the country’s largest contributor to lithium resources and the richest source of lithium resources. With the gradual introduction of the Argentine c-o, Mariana Salt Lake and the Mexican sonora lithium clay project, the company’s self-sufficiency of lithium resources and the ability to produce lithium salt products will be significantly raised over the next five years.
Lithium supercycles are more than this, and lithium prices are still on the upper end of the cycle. The current price of lithium carbonate in the Battery Class has reached 200,000 yuan per ton, which is mixed with the marginal supply. The price of lithium lithite continues to rise at an accelerated rate. Although the volume of new energy vehicles continues to grow at a high rate, it is affected by a shortage of car chips, and we expect sales to remain below actual demand in the third and fourth quarters of this year, along with cores.
The supply is gradually recovering, and the deferred demand for this component is expected to be released in the first half of next year, increasing the marginal increase in the demand for lithium, maintaining low stocks in the light season and the industrial chain, and we expect that the supply and demand for lithium will remain tight in 2022, with a significant rise in the price of lithium and space.
The company was established in 2000 and was initially involved in the production and sale of lithium metal and lithium chloride, which became a country with technological advantages.
The largest producer of lithium metal; in 2007, the company took the lead in extracting battery-grade lithium carbonate from halogenated water, lithium chloride from lithium chloride from lithium chloride from salt lake halogenated water, and the product structure was gradually enriched: in 2010, it was listed as the first listed company in China ' s lithium industry.
With the expansion of the production capacity of lithium-series products, companies have come to realize that upstream lithium resources are as important as medium-sized lithium processing technologies. From 2011 onwards, the company’s production of lithium hydroxide production line began in 2014, creating barriers to high-value-added products.
The company actually controls the director, Mr. Li Liangbin, with a shareholding of 18.8%. The company’s lithium industry chain is complete and vertically integrated in a way that deepens profitability.
Gradual increase in product types and expansion of product production capacity, currently containing more than 40 tons of lithium compounds and metal lithium products, is at the forefront of the country. At the same time, the company actively invests in upstream lithium resources and controls more than 10 high-quality lithium resources, which translates into more than 20 million tons.
Lithium resources: through the global distribution of lithium mineral resources in Australia, Argentina, Ireland, and Mexico.
The company's main lithium resource is the lithium concentrate reimbursed by Australia's mtmarion and pilbara. The company has invested continuously in the upstream lithium resource company and signed a long-term strategic procurement agreement to secure and consolidate the stability of the upstream high-quality lithium raw materials.
Lithium compounds: The core of the corporate ecosystem is the lithium compound operating plate, with major products including battery-grade lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, lithium fluorine, etc., widely applied to lithium cell materials such as electric vehicles, portable electronic equipment, and in the chemical and pharmaceutical fields, with customers including, inter alia, manufacturers of global positive materials for batteries, battery suppliers and autooem manufacturers.
Lithium metal: The company ' s metal lithium product, which is the world ' s leading producer, is capable of producing, according to the needs of its customers, different type and thickness of metal lithium, lithium, lithium bar, lithium particle, lithium alloy powder and copper lithium or lithium aluminium alloys, mainly for the use of lithium batteries for negative atoms, medical reaction catalysts, alloys and other industrial materials, including batteries manufacturers and pharmaceutical enterprises.
Lithium Batteries: Most of the company's customers using the lithium-commodity operating plates have purchased negative apogee materials, positive materials and electrolytes Production of lithium ion batteries, mainly for electric vehicles, various storage equipment and various consumer electronic devices, including mobile phones, tablets, laptop computers, tws headphones, drones, etc. The company is currently actively promoting the development, production and commercialization of solid lithium batteries
Lithium battery recovery: The use of electric vehicles and consumer electronics will lead to an increase in the social demand for decommissioned lithium battery treatment. The company has a promising market for lithium battery recycling operations, with great economic potential, and can further enrich the multi-metametric supply of lithium raw materials and the integrated recycling of resources such as lithium, nickel, cobalt, manganese and other metals.
Sustainable value-added solutions for battery producers and electric car manufacturers, further consolidated and derived from battery production
Since 2011, companies have recognized the strategic position of lithium resources, and have begun to deploy high-quality lithium resources, both within and outside the sea. In 2011, companies signed up for the production of lithium chloride and lithium carbonate from salt lake halogen.
The international lithium industry, with 9.9% ownership of Argentina’s Mariana Salt Lake, was successfully involved in the southern American Salt Lake region, where the world’s lithium resources are most abundant. In 2014, the company acquired 51% of the bll’s share in the Irish lithium quartz mine, avalonia, while expanding its interest in Argentina’s Mariana Salt Lake to 80%.
The company’s acquisition of the marión lithium quartz mine in 2015 was granted the concession rights to be sold and given to the river’s source lithium quartz mine, guaranteeing the company’s supply of more than 60% of its lithium resources after 2017. Meanwhile, the company acquired 100% of US-Bay electronics and 100% of Jiangxi lithium industry, extending the production chain to downstream lithium battery production.
In 2016, a company was set up to shut down the lithium industry chain. In 2018, the company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
In 2021, the company acquired a 49% interest in Ipiao Heng's entire shareholding in Salt Lake, and in September, the real controlr, Mr. Li Liangbin, bought 70% of the stockholdings of the Mon Gold Mine, with his own funds. The company had the right time to enter, invested in a sound manner, and gradually took control of lithium resources.
Financial costs can be controlled, providing stable and superior raw materials for the production and expansion of the production capacity of the company's lithium salt products through a “equity control + package agreement” that ensures sufficient resources to match the large-scale production of the company's lithium salt production in 2017 and 2018. The company further expands its downstream lithium battery business, extending the industrial chain and increasing the value added of the company's products.
Billion watth power cell project and tws wireless bluetooth headphone batteries were successfully put into production, and the first generation of solid cell research was completed.
The price of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, the main product of the division, increased significantly, from 50,000 yuan/tons at the end of 2015 to 150,000 to 180,000 yuan/tons by mid-2016, followed by a two-year high shock, an increase of 2 to 3 times the price and a partial start-up of new production capacity, and a shift through the bottom of the cycle with strategic foresight and technological leadership. Lithium prices remained extremely low in 2020, but companies returned to their mothers.
The net gain grew by 186% over the same year, and the Māori rate and net interest rate rose to 21% and 19% above the low performance of 2019. First, it was a result of corporate management’s understanding of the evolution of the industry, taking advantage of flexible lines of production, to proactively reduce lithium carbonate production and boost lithium hydroxide production.
Lithium hydroxide is limited; and lithium hydroxide is relatively elastic due to process and brand barriers, and the subsidies for new energy vehicles have been tilted towards three-dollar batteries with high capacity to continue, and high-quality lithium hydroxide raw materials become “scarce resources” and higher demand supports prices. As a result, the development of corporate business strategies has effectively boosted performance.
Lithium products are of high quality, and the ratio of overseas operations has increased through certification by the lig, Tesla, the German public and the BMW, while the high prices paid by overseas firms for high quality products have doubled the Māori rate of overseas operations over the Māori inland rate, leading to a significant recovery in the company’s whole lithium salt price and 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide. Lithium carbonate prices have risen significantly since the fourth quarter of 2020.
After a three-month rise in the second quarter of 2021 to $80,000 per ton position, it quickly rose to $1.90 million per ton in early August 2021, breaking historic highs. The price of lithium hydroxide rose to $1.90 million per ton on the same road.
Net operating income and return earnings of $7.05 billion and $2.47 billion respectively, an increase of 81.19 per cent and 648 per cent, Māori rates and net interest rates, figure 4: Operating income and rate of increase in the lithium industry (billion yuan) Figure 5: Net return and rate of increase in the lithium industry (billion yuan)
Figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rates in the tiles industry Figure 7: Lithium price cycle (m/t) Key performance contribution of lithium metal, lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. Until 2014, lithium metal contributed to the company ' s main performance.
The ratio of lithium carbonate to lithium hydroxide sales has been increasing. Lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide are growing. Lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide are rising.
The demand for lithium hydroxide in 2018, influenced by the new energy car subsidy policy, increased by more than a factor of one, and became the most important contributor. The latest data for 2019 show a 13 per cent rate for lithium metal camps, a 24 per cent rate for lithium carbonate camps, a 34 per cent rate for lithium hydroxide camps, a total of 70 per cent, and a stable 70 per cent rate for lithium series as a whole in 2020.
According to the Māori structure, lithium carbonate was significantly affected by the overall price volatility of lithium salt between 2018 and 2019, while lithium hydroxylide I, which benefited from the high Māori rate of 20,000 tons of production in Mahonet and from the overseas supply of products, contributed 50 per cent of Māori between 2018 and 2019.
The company battery business grew from year to year. Corporate battery business revenue grew by 110% in 2020, while Māori grew by 34% in 2020, mainly as a result of a steady increase in consumer electronic demand, a 600 million-watt-hour high-volume lithium ion power cell project, production and further development of the diamond cell for East China’s front-line polymer, and the new leftover electronic tws battery market.
The technological and market input effects of the electronic cell block-related affiliates are gradually becoming apparent, with some of the 3c lithium cell products already in possession of nuclear heart technology and entering the list of suppliers of priority downstream customers, with the prospect of maintaining a steady rate of increase in market ownership in the future.
The company’s competitiveness of lithium hydroxide products, the supply chain of front-line companies and battery manufacturers abroad. In 2018, the company signed a long-term agreement with lig chemistry and Tesla to supply hydrogen oxygen.
Lithium hydroxide exports have grown rapidly, leading to an annual increase of 176 to 1.9 billion yuan in corporate overseas operations, from 15.72 per cent in 2017 to 38.07 per cent in 2018. There is a significant premium on lithium hydroxide overseas orders, with a Māori ratio far higher than domestic ones.
The rate is roughly the same, benefiting from the industrial upswing in 2017, and the Māori rate for both domestic and foreign operations has increased significantly. Automobile companies abroad, in recognition of the high nickel triple battery, prefer to spend a high premium on high-quality, stable lithium hydroxide raw materials, so the Māori rate has risen more than in the country.
More than 30% of the Māori rate, compared with the Māori rate for domestic operations at this time, is as low as 15%. As can be seen, the high-quality premium for lithium hydroxide products allows companies to increase profits in the industry’s landscape and to resist a sharp decline in performance due to a downward cycle in the industry’s downturn.
Actively expanding the capacity of lithium salt production by binding high-quality blue-basket clients The company has now developed the capacity of an annual battery-grade lithium carbonate of 43,000 tons, battery-grade lithium hydroxide of 81,000 tons, metal lithium of 2,000 tons, butyl lithium of 500 tons, and lithium fluorine of 1,500 tons.
The company plans to produce 100,000 tons of lce ore, 100,000 tons of lce haemologic water and clay lithium.
The company has a high level of international recognition for lithium salt products, with long-term supply agreements with lg, Tesla, the German public, BMW, Yumico, etc., of which lg requires a total supply of 9.26 million tons of lithium salt, or an average of 132,000 tons per year; Tesla's annual procurement by 2020 is about 20 per cent of the capacity of lithium hydroxide, or 0.6 million tons; the general population, BMW, and Yumico.
The advanced certification of products at all the overseas garages and at the same time the rigidity represents authority that not only enables companies to quickly take off their overseas orders on the basis of established certifications, but also to use product barriers to achieve high grossness.
And, under the existing certification system, the new lithium hydroxide production line in some enterprises would require longer time to reach a breakthrough from zero to one, which would ensure that the company’s leadership is not volatile. Table 2: Long-term cooperation agreement between the lithium salt product and downstream
The future expansion of lithium carbonate production is mainly due to lithium salt lakes, which currently have a capacity of 43,000 tons per year, and since the construction of 8,000 tons of lithium carbonate production lines at the new remaining plants in 2007, in 2016 and 2017, through construction, technology and additional capacity of 15,000 tons, and in the fourth quarter of 2018, Nin was 175,000 tons.
In January of 2021, the battery-grade lithium carbonate production line was upgraded and upgraded, with capacity of up to 20,000 tons/tonne, and the company has a product package of 76% of the planned 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate produced in cauchari-laroz, holding a share of 46.67%. The project has now completed most of its infrastructure, and major equipment and materials have been transported to the project site.
The saline lake evaporation ponds have sufficient stocks of halogen water to provide assurance of the project ' s capacity to climb the slope and are expected to be produced in mid-2022 on a test basis.c-o project phase II has a capacity of no less than 20,000 tons of lce and is planned to be built in the second half of phase II, with life beginning in 2025. Figure 12: Changes in the company ' s capacity to produce lithium carbonate (tonnes)
The company ' s lithium carbonate revenue increased annually in 2014-2017 as the company ' s capacity increased. This resulted in a 78 to 18,300 tons increase in lithium carbonate production in 2017, a 2.13-fold increase in business income over the same period, accompanied by an increase in the self-sufficiency of the company ' s resources and a reduction in processing production due to the production of lithium marion in 2017.
Lithium carbonate prices gradually fell to the bottom in 2018-2019, and the company’s loss of operating income to mitigate the fall in prices was not shown in the map because of the company’s failure to disclose the revenue from lithium carbonate in 2020. Lithium hydroxide production was the largest in the world, and expansion depended on the supply of lithium lithium.
The company’s long-term capacity growth in lithium hydroxide is expected to be more than 75,000 tons.
Lithium hydroxide production capacity. Second, in the investment contract signed by the company with the Government of the city of Toyota in June 2021, the company agreed to build a lithium lithium production base in the city of Jiang Xifeng, which will result in a two-phase project with an annual capacity of 50,000 tons of lce, with an annual capacity of 25,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, with an undetermined investment amount and construction time.
The company entered the lg and Tesla supply chains, with revenue from product operations increasing by 122% and 98%, respectively, and Māori by more than 40%. As a result of the price advantage of lithium hydroxide overseas, there is a premium of about $10,000/t over in the country, and because the company did not disclose the revenue from lithium hydroxide in 2020, it is not shown.
Based on our incomplete statistics of the current and future expansion of the production of the main global lithium hydroxide supplier, it is found that the current global capacity of lithium hydroxide is about 300,000 tonnes/year, with the company ' s 81,000 tonnes/year being the highest capacity in industry, leading significantly to the second Yapo ' s 40,000 capacity.
Of the build-up capacity, the new 20,000 tons are planned for late 2021 and will begin to climb in 2022. At that time, the hydrogen oxide industry will form a “moderately more than two” pattern.
Lithium metal is the world's number one and the future layout is the company's highest metal lithium production capacity is 2,000 tons/year. Production is stable, mainly at the base of the newcomer and the base of Ikemoto, which can produce different types and thickness of lithium, lithium bars, lithium particles according to the customer's needs.
Lithium alloy powders and lithium or lithium aluminium alloys are used mainly for the use of lithium batteries as negative apogee materials, medical reaction catalysts, alloys and other industrial materials, and the customers are battery manufacturers and pharmaceutical enterprises. The raw materials of lithium chloride used by companies to prepare lithium metal are derived mainly from the company ' s lithium compound operating plate, the lithium battery recovery business plate and the external pharmaceutical industry containing lithium catalyst solutions.
The company has a total capacity of 7,000 tonnes/year for the construction of lithium metal. On 8 April 2021, the company signed an Investment Contract with the Municipality of Yichun, under which it agreed to invest in the construction of an annual production of 7,000 tonnes of lithium metal and lithium materials, consisting of new production lines such as the electrolysis of the metal lithium molten salt, the purity of the low-temperature vacuum distillation of the metal, the lithium series alloys, and the negative material of solid lithium batteries.
Lithium metal revenues are also subject to, but less volatile, cycle fluctuations in the lithium industry. The sales of lithium metal are stable, the price of lithium salt was low in 2019, the cost of lithium metal support was reduced, and gross profits and gross margins declined, but the decline was relatively small compared to products such as lithium carbonate.
Lithium resources are diverse and ready for release, and in 2011 the company developed a clear development plan for the production of lithium materials based on battery-grade lithium carbonate, with the lithium ion batteries at the core of the power storage. Management believes that to achieve this goal, it is necessary for the company to control part of the lithium.
As a result, since 2011, companies have continued to gain access to high-quality, upstream lithium resources around the world, diversified supply varieties such as lithium quarries, salt lake halogenes, lithium clay, and the expansion and production of high-quality and stable raw materials for the company ' s lithium salt production capacity through progressive equity participation, as well as through the signing of charter agreements.
The company has now deployed more than 10 lithium resources, with an equity of more than 20 million tons. Lithium is mainly located in Australia, in mtmarion and pilgangoora, in Ireland, in avalonia, in Ireland, and in China, in the river-source lithium quartz mine; and halogen water resource owners.
In addition, Chairman Li Lianbin, with his own funds, has held ownership of the Galbust tantalum mine in China, which may be incorporated into the company's lithium company.
A total of 310,000 tonnes/year lithium concentrate; 76% of 40,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate products from the cauchari-laroz halogen water project in Argentina; and 20,000 tonnes/year lithium hydroxide production capacity from 50% of the sonora lithium clay project in Mexico. Currently, the Department has a six-month inventory of lithium quartz, with sufficient stocks of raw materials, which is planned to yield 100,000 tonnes/year in 2025.
Lithium ore, 100,000 tons of lce halogen and clay lithium production capacity, the main future layout being the development of lithium clay projects in the Salt Lake of Argentina and in Mexico.
The company owns 50% of the rim, i.e. 50% of the marion lithium project and 121 million tonnes of resources. Rmi is an Australian mining company, the main camp, the mtmarion lithium quartz mine, which is selected and sold. Since September 2015, the company, through three acquisitions and two replenishments, now holds 50% of the shares of the rmi company.
Lithium concentrate can be 400,000 tons/year, with a product grade of 6 per cent and 4 per cent.Figure 21: The stock-holding history of Rim Marion mine was successfully launched in February 2017, producing 382 tons of lithium concentrate for the 2018 fiscal year (2017.07 ~ 2018.06).
In the fiscal year, 485,000 tons were produced, and the ratio of high grade concentrates rose to 70%. According to the rim 2021 fiscal year, the mine plan was not fully produced in the following year, with a production guide of 45 to 475,000 tons of lithium concentrate and a plan to reduce lithium deposits in the open market.
After that, rim provides the company with at least 19.26 million tons of lithium quarries per year, and the rest of rim is required to negotiate with the company a year in advance to forecast production and to expect the company’s excess sales. Since rim’s operating income is largely consistent with the company’s trading value to rim, it is reasonable to assume that rim’s lithium concentrate was also largely sold by the company in 2020.
Pilbara: The Australian company Pilgangoora Lithium Plumstones holds 5.88% equity. Pilbara is a Western Australian resource company with 100% interest in the Pilgangoora mine. Since 2017, the company has deployed the pilbara mine resources, and now holds 5.88% of the shares, after multiple replenishments and dilution of equity.
(Ref. pilbara, 31 August 2021). The company has the right to contract for pilbara, but is not involved in day-to-day operations, and according to company report 2021, the amount of pilgangoora resources is now 6,933,000 tonnes lce.
The stockholding ratio of the player dilutes the pilbara's targeted increases and holds the single first shareholder of the pilbara.
Pilbara now owns two factories: the Pilgan plant and the ngungaju plant. The Pilgan factory, which was built in the second half of 2018 to handle 2 million tons of raw mines and has an existing capacity of approximately 330,000 tons of lithium concentrate.
Following the reopening of the ngungaju plant, the second phase of the construction of a second phase of capacity, with production lines of 100,000 tons, 450,000 tons and 47-52 million tons, is currently conducting a feasibility study for the second phase of the project, which is progressing well with the production capacity of 6 per cent of the tonnage of lithium concentrate at the end of 2022.
The ngungaju plant is the original alture lithium project. In January 2021, pilbara completed its acquisition of alture and named it ngungaju. pilbara is currently evaluating and maintaining the project, aiming to restart operations in the fourth quarter of 2021; by mid-2022, it is expected that the lithium concentrate of the ngungaju plant will increase to the current level of 18-20 million tons.
The plant has not yet entered into an underwriting agreement.
2 production capacitationaplift subjectproject to accessfollrestarofthengungajuprocessingplant. 3. productioncapacitacitaction subjecttocompletionofftstudiesandfidforthefirstextextexsionofthirdsectionprocessingplant (previioustermedstage-2 phase1).
For 6 per cent of lithium concentrate, for a period of 10 years (since 2018). Pilbara, after the second phase of the project, will provide companies with up to 150,000 tons of lithium concentrate for the second extended phase, for a total of 310,000 tons of lithium concentrate for the second phase.
The share of company and pilbara transactions in the same amount in 2018 and 2019 was 6.22 per cent and 9.37 per cent, respectively, taking into account figure 28: Summary of sales of lithium concentrate in pilabara (millions)
The company owns 55% of the blackstairslithiummitted shares, which were acquired in two instalments in 2014 and 2015.bll holds the Irish right to avalonia lithium quartz prospecting. The resource reserves are not yet available to estimate. The project is expected to be completed in September 2022
In 2015, the company owns the Lithium quartz mine from the River Ningdu, which is a 100% stake in the Jiangxi lithium industry. The mine is located in Ningdu County, Jiangxikan State, with an area of 3.204 square kilometres, with a resource ore of 575771 million tons and a metal of Li95.21 million as of the end of 2014, and a storage capacity of 366.4 million tons and a metal of Li2.27 million tons. The mine serves 10.86 years.
Production began in the first quarter of 2016, providing raw spv: a square kilometre of lithium quartz in Goulamina, Africa, amounting to 109 million tons, 1.45 per cent of the lio-2 grade, and 1 967 tons of lce.
In June 2021, the company plans to acquire 50% of the shares of the Dutch company Spv, which indirectly owns the Mali Goulamina Litino Project by holding 100% of the ownership of Malilmsa in Africa. When the acquisition is completed, the firm will provide Klmsa with financial support totalling up to $40 million to speed up the development of the Goulamina Litino Project.
At that point, the firm will receive a yearly concession of about 455,000 tons of lithium quartz concentrate for the Goulamina project.
Mineraexar: Argentina ' s cauchari-laroz Salt Lake, which has 46.67 per cent of the cauchari-laroz project and has decision-making power over the company. Cauchari-laroz is a lithium salt lake located in Jujuy province, north-west of Argentina, and mining rights belong to Minaexar.
In November, 37.5% of the shares of the meeraexar were acquired and 50% of the shares in 2019. Now, thanks to government participation, the cauchari-olarooz project, which contains approximately 24.58 million tons of lithium water resources, is one of the largest salt lakes in the world today. Lithium magnesium is 2.37 and is better mined than salt lakes in the country and does not require special steps to concentrate on lithium enrichment.
The first phase of the c-o lithium salt lake project, designed for an annual chemical capacity of 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate, is scheduled to start production in mid-2022. (The main equipment and materials have now been transported to the project site, and the salt lake evaporation ponds have sufficient stocks of halogen to provide assurance of the project's capacity to climb the slopes.) The second phase of the expansion of capacity is planned to be no less than 20,000 tons lce and is expected to be built in the second half of 2022, i.e., in the second phase.
The industry has 76% of the lithium carbonate package, the price of which is the average price on the global market, and the price of which is adjusted quarterly. The yield of lithium carbonate is expected to increase by 18.7 million tons in 2022.
Litio: In Argentina, the mineral rights of the Mariana Salt Lake are vested in the Argentine Litio project, and the company holds 100% of its interests. The Salt Lake has been laid out since 2011, when 9.9% of the company ' s shares in the international lithium industry were involved, and in 2014, when the company acquired 80% of its interests in the Salt Lake, and by 2021, the company acquired 80% of its interests.
Mariana is a lithium potassium salt lake in Salta, Argentina, with a lithium resource of 8.12 million tons lce. A feasibility study was completed in 2019: in July 2021, it was approved by the government of Salta, and work began in 2021.
Qinghai: In January 2019, the company's controlling subsidiary, Heixi Jintai, won the right to pre-screen prospecting for the deep halogenated lithium mine at a price of $23.65 million, valid until April 2023. The company now holds 100% interest in the salt lake, mainly as a public corporation.
In March 2021, the company acquired 100% of Ipiao Hung's equity for 1.47 billion, and Ipiao Hung indirectly held an interest in the Qinghai 1 Rig Salt Lake project by holding 49% of the ownership of the Qinghai Salt Lake.
Water, 1.9 million tons of lithium chloride and 18.6 million tons of potassium chloride; total water reserves of 470 million haloons, 920,000 tons of lithium chloride and 9 million tons of potassium chloride. The salt lake currently has 10,000 tons/year capacity for lithium carbonate.
The company holds 50% of its shares directly and 14.44% indirectly through Bacanora, with 64.44% shareholdings for the company jointly. At present, Shanghai has formally issued legally binding offers for all issued shares of Bacanora, and it is expected that the shareholding ratio for the Sonora project will increase further.
The sonora project is a titanium clay titanium project in Mexico, with a lithium resource of about 8.82 million tons lce, with a planned 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide capacity. The company has now completed the lithium clay titanium process and technical certification, and is actively promoting the design of production lines.
Figure 30: The sorora clay project has 64% interest in the lithium industry.
Bacanora suboralithiumltd soora clay project
In September 2021, Chairman Li Liangbin proposed to acquire 70% of the shares of the Yellow Flag Mon Gold Mining Development Corporation with its own funds of $1,344 million. The Mongium mine is owned by the Silin Golle in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and is accompanied by li2o.
40.77 million tons, with an average grade of 0.44 per cent, and given the relatively high level of uncertainty with regard to the deposits of the mineral resources and the fact that the Monfin mine is still in the early stages of construction and development, a series of fixed asset investments and technical inputs will be required, with some uncertainty about the scale of the selection and the environment in which the mine is located.
Given the company’s careful judgement, Mr. Li Liangbin, the real controlr, has taken ownership of 70% of the Mon Kingdom with his own funds. To obtain a new mining license and the size of the mine, Li has promised to buy 70% of his holdings of Mon Kingdom and additional inputs, if any.
Costs plus reasonable costs (including interest on funds audited and other reasonable costs) are transferred to companies on a priority basis. Lithium battery production and recovery operations extend the company's value chain.
The company ' s lithium cell business consists of four main panels: consumer-type, tws, power/energy-storage and solid-state lithium cells. Since the development of the lithium cell business module in 2015, it has now become the company ' s main profit growth point, with the negative Maori rate rising from 2015 to 16.91 per cent over the years.
In terms of consumer electronics, the company currently produces 300,000 units per year. The production of 3c consumer lithium battery products has been successful in recent years, and the company ' s product structure has been optimized. tws batteries are mainly produced by the new leftover electron, and by the end of 2020, the tws battery was fully automated.
The company ' s tws battery is designed to increase the sealability of the battery, significantly reduce the risk of leaks and increase resistance to electromagnetic interference, which is safer and more appropriate than the products of other competitors in the market. With quality product quality and a well-developed patent system, the company ' s tws battery has been marketed.
The main clients are opo, vivo, jbl, walkers, etc., for bluetooth headphones and smart wear, and by the end of the year, the calcium-phosphate lithium battery has reached 1 gwh and is planned to expand to 3 gwh. Solid-state lithium batteries are the focus of the future development of the lithium-powered cell. They are lighter, safer, and better than the 3 gwh.
Multiple advantages, such as higher capacity, are the main direction of future lithium power cell development. Zhejiang Lithium, a fully-funded company focused on high energy density, high safety solid lithium cell development and market promotion. In 2019, the first generation of solid lithium battery research and development, with an energy density of 235-280wh/kg, was invested in a trial production line for the production of the first generation of 100-watt-old-year-old solid lithium battery, which has reached a energy density of 235-280 wh/kg, and has already reached a number of third parties.
The commercialization of solid-state lithium battery technology has been accelerated by safety tests and multiple customer sampling tests. Second-generation solid lithium batteries are based on high nickel triodes and metal-containing lithium negative atoms. The product currently has energy density of more than 350wh/kg, with a life cycle close to 400 times, while solid-state electrons with a energy density of more than 420wh/kg of metal lithium negative atoms have been applied in specific areas.
The company will further expand the lithium cell module. First on solid batteries, Huixiang plans to invest no more than 3 billion dollars in high-end polymer lithium cell development and production bases; on power batteries, $8.4 billion in lithium is spent on power batteries; and on a project to build a new lithium battery of 15 gwh per year, the project is designed primarily to produce lithium phosphate.
Construction was completed in October of that year; the project company for the establishment of a new independent legal entity in the Xinjiang district of Chongqing invested RMB 5.4 billion in the construction of the new lithium battery technology industrial park and the Advanced Battery Research Institute project, which produced 10 gwh per year, with a projected production time of 2023 years.
The rate of revenue from the company ' s lithium cell business has been rising from year to year. In 2020, the revenue was $1,268 million, representing an increase of 110 per cent over the previous year, and 22.96 per cent over the same period: $195 million over the same year, representing an increase of 134 per cent and 16.5 per cent over the same period.
The model has also been gradually raised, and the volume and scale of sales of lithium battery products have shown a significant upward trend: second is the continued growth of downstream demand, including the growth of “new energy + storage” demand driven by the “double carbon” objective, and the growing demand for consumer electronics in the global economic recovery.
The continuous release of energy and the emergence of scale effects, coupled with the company's increasing cost controls, optimizing production efficiency and increasing profitability from year to year in the production of lithium cells, but the process of scaling the company's lithium cells, lithium cores and their direct materials operations is later than the listing of major lithium batteries such as the Ninder era, the billion-latitude lithium energy, where the Māori rate is still at a lower level than that of the company.
We believe that there is still some room for raising the gross-sum ratio of the lithium battery plate as the company releases and improves its management levels. The decommissioning lithium battery recycling business has resulted in a closed loop in the company’s lithium industry chain.
The recycling operation, which has now generated 34,000 tons of recycling capacity, mainly for decommissioned lithium phosphate batteries and three-dollar lithium batteries, has enhanced the level of industrial technology and competitive advantage by expanding the capacity of decommissioned lithium battery recovery operations and developing new processes and technologies for integrated recycling of decommissioned batteries.
The company ' s decommissioned lithium battery recycling operations have not only enriched the diversified supply channels for lithium raw materials and integrated resource recycling for lithium, nickel, cobalt, manganese and other metals; they have also provided sustainable value-added solutions for battery producers and electric car producers, taking a step towards consolidating relationships with customers from battery production.
Based on the production waste of the battery plant and the use of electron-consumption lithium batteries. From the layout, the industrial chain is active, the recycling and reuse layouts are active, and reasonable recycling of the waste-powered batteries is of great significance and necessity as the end-of-life surge approaches; and, from the application field, decommissioned power cells have a huge response in areas such as storage and low-speed electric vehicles.
Lithium prices are still at the end of the supercycle, and demand for high and long-term certainty is the core driver of the evolution of the lithium industry. Global new energy vehicle sales are resonant, and the demand for lithium is growing or rising beyond expectations.
The volume of vehicles sold was 3.24 million, a 43% increase over the same period; the volume of new energy vehicles sold was 4.4 million in the first three quarters of 2021, a 137% increase over the same period. China achieved 2,143,000 electric vehicles in the first three quarters of 2021, a 200% increase over the same period.
In the future, with a growing number of new vehicles on the market, electric vehicle sales will continue to grow at a high rate, while, driven by the expansion of carbon assets, the rate of electricization of business transport vehicles will increase, and demand for lithium will grow or be higher. We expect that by 2025, the global production of new energy vehicles will exceed 20 million and the global demand for lithium will total 1.39 million tons of lce.
Figure 36: Global lithium demand projections (lce, tons) Lithium resources will remain a major bottleneck in the development of the lithium industry. In 2020, the main contradiction in the lithium industry was gradual by the tight supply of high end lithium hydroxide (through certification into overseas supply chains)
The short-term supply and demand mismatches that have evolved into lithium carbonate in the inventory cycle are reflected in the gradual weakening of the premium on high-end lithium hydroxide at prices and the reversal and acceleration of the price of lithium carbonate. In 2021, the main contradiction in the lithium industry evolved from the supply and demand mismatches of lithium carbonate to supply constraints at the end of lithium resources. Global lithium resources were distributed mainly in overseas countries such as Australia, Chile, and Argentina, 2020.
As a result of the spread of the epidemic and the low price of lithium, lithium resource enterprises have reduced capital spending, slowed the expansion of the project, superimposed the altura lithium mine into bankruptcy management, resulting in a limited end-of-end increase in lithium resources in 2021 and a tight balance between the overall supply of and demand for the resources. Lithium salt smelting ends, due to the concentration of capacity in China, has been less affected by the epidemic, and leading businesses have accelerated at the bottom of the cycle.
According to our statistics, global lithium salt production in 2021 could meet demand growth, with lithium carbonate production largely subject to lithium resource supply, and lithium hydroxide production subject to resource supply and downstream customer certification. In the long run, lithium salt-two-line companies have mature lithium salt production lines, technical teams, and stable customers that can restore capacity.
The expansion cycle will be significantly shortened, usually less than one year. And the lithium resource end, because of the diversity of development conditions in different mines (saline lakes), is not replicable, has a longer expansion cycle, has greater capital expenditure, and is subject to some national policy constraints, and access to and control over lithium sources is very difficult. If demand continues to grow at a high rate, the output at the end of the resource end may expand over a long period of time.
Time lags, resulting in insufficient resource availability. Therefore, we believe that lithium resources will be the main bottleneck limiting industry development in the medium to long term.
Lithium prices are largely determined by the marginal changes in supply and demand. The main supply-side bottlenecks are in the lithium resource chain, where the production capacity of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide is relatively large and the production cycle is short, so that the marginal changes in supply are largely determined by lithium resources; the largest and fastest growing demand-side changes are mainly in new energy vehicles, so that the marginal changes in demand are largely determined by the volume of sales of new energy vehicles.
We measure the quarterly marginal increase in lithium demand by calculating the Lidu boundary increase at the end of the lithium resource supply, at the end of the demand, by 80 per cent and 50 per cent of the annual global production of new energy vehicles, driven by such factors as the increasing number of new power models and the sale of new energy vehicles in the United States.
According to the calculations, without taking into account the industrial chain inventory disturbance (to or toll-backing), demand is conservatively assumed, after which, as lithium resources become more productive and productive, marginal supply growth will exceed demand, supply-side pressure will appear, lithium prices will rise more marginally than supply, reflecting a hard supply gap after the additional capacity of lithium resources is released, or the promotion of lithium prices will continue to exist.
The price of lithium carbonate in the Batteries has now passed 200,000 yuan per ton, and the price of lithium lithite is still rising at an accelerated rate. Although the volume of new energy vehicles has been growing at a high rate, it is affected by a shortage of car chips, and we expect sales to remain below actual demand in the third and fourth quarter of this year.
With the gradual recovery of chip supplies, this portion of deferred demand is expected to be released in the first half of next year, increasing the marginal increase in lithium demand, maintaining low stocks in the low seasons and industrial chains, and we expect that the supply and demand of lithium will remain tight in 2022 and that lithium prices will have a significant rise in time and space.
Figure 37: Changes in the price of lithium salt (millions of yen/tons) Figure 39: Marginal increase in global lithium supply and demand (lce tons; conservative assumption of demand) Figure 40: Marginal increase in global lithium supply and demand (lce tons; optimistic assumption of demand)
The company's main products are lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium metal and lithium cell block operations, and we expect future growth points mainly for the offshore production and release of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide operations, as well as for the continued over-expected demand for new energy vehicles, and for lithium resources and lithium salt.
In addition to the increase in prices caused by the international shortage, the benefits of the increased scale of the battery business, the lower cost of the Māori industry, combined with the rhythm of the release of the company's lithium-series products and lithium-cell capacity, the increased demand of the industry and the taxing of lithium, we expect the company to continue to expand its lithium salt production capacity, the progressive release of its lithium-resource production and the growing maturity of its solid-state lithium battery operations.
At the same time, the company’s lithium power industry is in a state of rapid growth, covering for the first time, and giving the company a “buy-in” rating. The company’s lithium salt or lithium resource expansion is expected to be slow; its capacity expands faster than expected, leading to a decline in lithium prices; and its demand for new energy.
Tung Mingbin, Master of Physics, Chinese University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for building materials and steel research. Lin, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on precious metals and small metals.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.