The Lithium Salt Leader running the mine was the king's time, and this is the deep study of the lithium industry (002460.sz) which is the world's leading lithium eco-business. The company has formed a vertically integrated business.
The model, which runs through upstream lithium resource development, middle- and middle-stream lithium salt deep processing and metal lithium smelting, downstream lithium battery manufacturing and the combined recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries.
The Division’s products are priced up, and the reserves of resources are sufficient to fully benefit from the industry’s up-front dividends. Global lithium resources are concentrated, and companies are diversified. The company owns Australia’s marion, pilgangoora lithium quartz project and Argentina’s cauchari-olaroz project.
(a) The Salt Lake project with three major resource endowments as a cornerstone of the resource reserve;
The goulamina Lithite project will be the next stage of the company's development; there are a number of projects in Finland, China, etc. that have been successfully developed to qualify a company for portfolio investment consultancy.
Lithium resource needs continue to increase, and lithium salt will be kept at high prices. Lithium resource needs, in the traditional chemical and battery sectors, have slowed down the growth rate of traditional chemicals and 30 batteries.
New energy vehicles and storage will be able to match and dominate changes in the structure of lithium resource requirements. In particular, power cell blocks, with global annual vehicle sales of nearly 100 million and high vehicle value, will be a powerful driver of the rise in lithium demand. Total global demand for lithium resources is expected to reach 1.45 million tons in 2025.
Once, the cumulative capacity of a new or expanded resource-side project, which is a start-up and presumably new or expanded project, is 1.6 million tons of lce in contrast to 300 tons in depth. Lithium is a competitive model that opens up lithium prices even further.
In space, lithium prices are expected to remain high in 2022, and supply and demand will ease in 2023. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: according to our calculations, the return of companies in 2021-2023 was 69/43/35 times higher.
Lithium salt companies with end-of-life capacity should have a certain premium on valuations. The company has a well-stocked and well-developed industrial chain that will fully enjoy the industrial upscaling dividend, the volume of the product increases, the first coverage, and we give the company a "buy-in" rating.
The company was established in 2000 to focus on the development and production of lithium metal and lithium products, and in 2010 it was in deep contact.
Listed. In 2011, the company began to deploy upstream mineral resources, investing in the international lithium industry of Kanan Great Mining Company, followed by the Mariana Lithium Salt Lake project in Argentina, the Blackstair Lithite project in Ireland, the Mountmarion Lithite project in Australia, the Ningdu River Lithite project, Australia
In 2018, the company became the first company to be listed as “a+h” in the lithium industry.
In 2014, the company set up the Battery Technology Company Ltd., which went downstream. In 2016, the company established the Jiangxiderc Technology Co. Ltd., which promotes the recycling of used and end-of-life batteries, building industrial chains and increasing the company ' s competitiveness in the lithium industry chain.
So far, the company has become the world's leading lithium eco-business, with industrialized technologies such as “halogen water lithium”, “ore lithium lithium” and “reclamation lithium lithium” and the production capacity of more than five major groups of lithium compounds and lithium metal products, and has developed a vertically integrated business model that runs through upstream lithium resource development, centralization and development.
The deep processing of lithium salt and the combination of lithium metal smelting, the manufacture of lithium batteries downstream and the recycling of the decommissioned lithium batteries have been effective synergies between operational plates and products have been widely applied in the areas of electric cars, storage energy, 3c products, chemicals and pharmaceuticals.
The company’s main operations can be broadly divided into lithium-series products, lithium-cell-series products and other operations, in which the Lithium Division provides a new profit-generating growth point. In 2020, as a result of a low cycle in the lithium industry, the company’s operating income trend and the firm’s performance improved rapidly, with lithium-series products achieving business income of 29.61 in the first half of 2021.
Billion dollars, 66.07 per cent more than the previous year, a steep increase of 18 pct to 41.37 per cent in the Mäori rate; Lithium battery series products, which now earns 764 million yuan, or 84.27 per cent more than the previous year; Mäori, which steadily rises to 16.91 per cent; corporate earnings outside the country, which remain high, and Mäori, which are significantly higher than domestic.
The downside trend is mainly due to the high profile of the lithium industry in the country, coupled with the reduction in corporate exports in recent years as a result of long-standing offshore auto-oem manufacturers working with companies. In the first half of 2021, the supply of lithium products fell short of demand, and the Māori rate for the first time exceeded the foreign level.
The company has stable and high-quality customer resources abroad, has established long-standing partnerships with first-line battery suppliers and car manufacturers around the world, and signed supply or strategic agreements with lig chemistry, Tesla, German public, German BMW, etc. in 2018 and 2019, locking in lithium for the next 5 to 10 years.
The company’s ability to make profits has improved significantly. By 2020, the company achieved a net return profit of $1.03 billion, a year-on-year increase.
186.16 per cent; however, the first three quarters of the price of lithium has been dragged down, with net non-mortality profits of only $40 million, some resulting from higher equity prices in pilbara. Corporate growth has been robust, and asset-liability ratios have remained low for the long term.
The net operating cash flow of companies has been relatively stable, the net financing cash flow has increased significantly over the past two years, and the company ' s planned annual production capacity of 200,000 tons of lce in 2025 will remain high in capital spending over the next few years, with excellent cash flows providing the basis for rapid expansion of opportunities in the context of the lithium industry cycle.
The cost of sales has decreased year by year, from 22.9 per cent in 2020 to 0.87 per cent of operating income, mainly as a result of adjusting the cost of sales transport to operating cost accounting for the current period. Management costs have decreased significantly by 38.04 per cent, or 3.06 per cent, mainly in 2020.
Equity incentive costs. Financial costs and R & D costs have increased significantly, with a separate increase in the same year. Debtable issuance has led to an increase in interest costs due to increased R & D inputs from companies. 2021q1-q3, the cost rate has continued its downward trend over the company period, but three major costs, in addition to sales costs, have been eliminated.
The increase in interest expenditure and exchange losses resulted in a financial increase of 103.41%. In addition, the company increased the net profit on share payments resulting from the implementation of equity incentive schemes for solid-state batteries and materials, recycling, etc.
The company's global diversification, with 8 mineral resources, 12 major production bases, and 2 R & D centres, has been able to travel lithium salt products in the company's main camp, extending up and down the industrial chain over the past decade.
Upstream, companies have access to a stable supply of high-quality lithium resources in the form of equity participation or sale. The Australian hard-rock lithium mine has been formed as the main source of funding, the Argentine Lithium Salt Lake has been the focus of a development project, the Mexican Lithium clay storage project is the resource layout of the project, and the strategic implementation of the company’s business expansion and vertical industrial chain has been beneficial.
To improve the core competitiveness of companies, consistent with their integrated upstream and downstream development strategies, companies have a high shareholding or subcontracting interest in eight mineral resources, with a combined equity of 26,10,62 million tonnes of lce, the world's leading producer, builder and reserve.
Step-by-step pattern. In terms of sales, the operational projects are mt.marion and pilbara pilgangoora, which produces approximately 400,000 tons of lithium concentrate, and the company, which can obtain 160,000 tons of lithium concentrate, which together amounts to more than 560,000 tons, to satisfy the company ' s production.
At the same time, the company has been active in the marketing of lithium resources in Mali in Africa, by acquiring 50% of the shares of the Dutch company Spv, having held an interest in and won the concession rights to the goulamina Lithite Project.
Formerly stocked about six months of lithium quarries and well-stocked resources. China, China, and China, accelerated the expansion of lithium salt to strengthen the leading industry. 2020: effective capacity for lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and lithium metal, 25,750 tons and 31,000 tons, respectively
56.85 per cent, 88.00 per cent and 98.58 per cent, respectively, of capacity utilization: tons and 2,000 tons of metal lithium, of which an additional 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity was added in late 2020.
Production lines have been modified and upgraded in the first quarter of this year, and are now producing 20,000 tons of battery-based lithium carbonate per year. 2022: 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate from the Argentine cauchari-olaroz salt lake due to the epidemic
As a result of the postponement of the project, the company has now sent technical staff and the Deputy Chief of Lithium Salt plates to Argentina to assist in the construction process, which is progressing well, with the start of a test vehicle in the first half of 2022, and the gradual completion of production in the second half of the year. The company’s relations with the Argentine government and the local government are good, and the extraction is unbridled.
2023: Development will also take place at the end of 2021 at the Mariana Salt Lake in Argentina, where the production line is expected to be completed in 2023, with an additional 20,000 tons of lithium chloride production capacity. The Mexican project is also expected to be completed, and the company plans to continue to acquire the remaining shares of Bacanora and, if successful, to accelerate development and production.
In addition, the construction of the Africa Lithium Mine, Blue Sea Salt Lake Project and the second phase of the construction of Salt Lake South America are expected to help companies continue to expand their capacity in 2023. In order to meet the surge in lithium demand, the company plans to form a total annual production by 2025 or before.
The supply capacity of lithium products less than 200,000 tonnes is expected to include 100,000 tonnes of lithium from ores, halo water, and 100,000 tonnes of lithium from clay, with the main layouts in the next three years being the Argentine Salt Lake and the Mexican clay. In the future, the supply capacity of lithium products from not less than 600,000 tonnes is expected to develop.
Downstream, companies actively deploy lithium batteries to explore new profit points. The company’s lithium battery business has been configured to consume more than 20 of five major categories, such as batteries, small polymer cores, solid-state lithium batteries, lithium power cells, storage batteries, etc.
The products, which are based on the development and production of lithium batteries in Niigata, East China, Suzhou and Huezhou, are widely used in such areas as power buses, airport equipment, electric ships, photovoltaic storage, smart homes, 5g communications, bluetooth headphones, medical devices, etc.
The largest contributors to the company are polymers, battery production lines (out of 30 million units per day) and tws battery production lines (out of 350,000 units per day), with customers locked in opo, vivo, Huayuan, milli. In power batteries, the lithium industry is fully funded.
By the end of 2020, the production capacity of the thorium phosphate cell had reached 1 gwh, with plans to expand it to 3gwh. In the field of energy batteries, the company will continue to work with the national grid and some water companies.
In July/August of that year, the company reached strategic cooperation with East Wind, Barterly, Crystal Energy, etc., covering a number of areas, including motor motor batteries, solid-state battery development, photovoltaic storage applications and the integrated recycling of used lithium batteries.
Development and industrialization of a new generation of solid lithium battery technologies with clear route planning. Solid-state batteries are the main focus of research and development in the coming years. In 2017, the company built the first generation of solid-state lithium batteries to test production lines, with solid liquid-combined batteries with a energy density of 280wh/kq. Second-generation solid-state batteries are being developed.
At this stage, the positive polar shift to trio material and the introduction of the metal-containing lithium negative poles have succeeded in increasing the energy density to the point where companies have great potential for growth in lithium battery recycling operations as the demand for treatment of decommissioned batteries increases. The large market for lithium batteries will be accompanied by opportunities for lithium battery recycling and downstream ladder utilization.
The development of lithium battery recovery and staircase utilization will also result in significant waste of resources and environmental pollution. Battery or car manufacturers provide life-cycle solutions that help to strengthen close contact with customers. The company ' s decommissioned lithium battery dismantling and integrated metal recovery project has resulted in 34,000 tons of recycling.
Capacity. In future planning, the company will establish a large package of 100,000 tons of decommissioned lithium batteries per year recoverable and expand the pre-trivalent production capacity, enable enterprises to establish a recycling ecological chain for lithium products, and further refine the lithium battery recovery project ' s main products: battery-grade lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and tri-module pre-drilling materials.
At this stage, two main types of lithium batteries can be recycled. Used lithium phosphate batteries are recovered using old lithium phosphate batteries for discharge, disassembly, acid leaching, disassembly, and so forth. Solutions are then entered into the company's lithium chloride production system for non-water chlorinated lithium, battery-grade lithium carbonate, hydrogen oxidation, etc.
Products such as lithium. Used three-dollar battery recovery techniques are based on used three-dollar lithium batteries, with nickel cobalt-manganese purification fluids obtained from processes such as discharge, primary shredding, powder selection, acid leaching, scavenging and lithium sink, and nickel-cobalt purification fluids prepared for a three-dollar pre-drilling process process of sedimentation, filtration separation and drying.
II. The Australian lithium mine, the South American Salt Lake, will be released, China ' s lithium resource development can last 2.1 short-term lithium resource supply will be concentrated, and the global lithium resource distribution will be concentrated over a long period of time over the upper cycle, with the three South American lithium triangle comprising Bolivia, Argentina and Chile taking over.
Fifty-nine per cent of the world’s proven lithium resources, followed by the United States, Australia and China, accounted for 9 per cent, 7 per cent, and 6 per cent, respectively. Lithium exists in three major categories: lithium salt lakes, lithium hard rock and lithium clay, of which closed basins contain 58 per cent of halogen, rock 26 per cent and lithium clay 7 per cent.
The current global supply of lithium is dominated by hard rock lithium ore and salt lake halogen: 1) ores are relatively well-developed, mainly based on lithium quartz ore, with a more stable chemical composition, usually with a grade 5-10 times higher in rock lithium ore than in halogium ore ore, which is easily controlled and more conservatory in its process.
The cost of producing lithium salt is two to three times higher than the cost of producing lithium salt from the halogen lithium mine, although it is easy to produce high purity lithium products.) Salt Lake is considered to be the type of lithium resource with the greatest potential for development in the coming years, with large resources and preparation.
The cost of industrial lithium carbonate is significantly lower than the cost of ore extraction, but the disadvantage is that there are more impurities in salt lakes, especially magnesium and lithium, which are more difficult to separate because of their similar chemical properties, and are generally considered to be high-quality salt lakes with higher developmental value, as well as a large amount of fresh water in the technical route of lithium in salt lakes.
3) Lithium clay deposits are significant and can be expected to be an important complement to lithium supply. The clay titanium process is characterized by the advantages of being able to combine ore lithium with salt lake lithium, which can be completed in a short period of time at the rate of ore lithium lifting, and can be produced at a lower cost at a similar cost to halogenated lithium.
In terms of supply, global lithium resource production is mainly from Australia, Chile, Argentina, and China, with Australia accounting for the bulk of the output. In total, it peaked in 2018, with a global supply of more than 90,000 tons of lithium (tonne metal) and its subsequent rapid expansion earlier.
At the end of the day, it became clear that the price of lithium salt had declined rapidly as a result of a greater supply than demand, which had led to the bankruptcy of several mines in Australia, and the global supply of lithium resources had fallen year by year. However, China had increased its efforts to develop its domestic lithium resources, growing rapidly from more than 1,000 tons in 2016 to 14,000 tons in 2020.
Australia still accounts for only 49% of the world’s lithium resource supply, followed by Chile and Argentina, which contributed 30%, and China’s share rising to 17%. Currently, the demand-supply mismatch resulting from the dramatic rise in lithium demand has triggered a new rise in the price of lithium salt, which is expected to rise in the next few years.
Australia’s mines will gradually resume or be built, South America’s salt lakes will be developed during the harvest, and large quantities of low-cost lithium salt products will either enter the market to ease supply and demand constraints. In mainland China, lithium ores have a higher grade than salt lake magnesium, making mining more difficult, and China has the fastest growing demand for lithium.
In one country, the current external dependence of China’s lithium resources is more than 70%. The government is pushing ahead with the development of lithium technology, and the local supply of lithium resources is expected to be released rapidly in the coming years. At the same time, thanks to the demand for lithium batteries in Europe and America, lithium mining in Europe and America has been on the agenda and is located in Africa.
Global exploration and exploitation of lithium mineral resources has accelerated in response to the enormous potential for demand growth in the lithium-consuming market. The world’s leading lithium-producing companies are implementing expansion plans and new projects.
If the planned production is successful, the market will be provided with lithium mineral energy totalling more than 1.5 million tons of lce by 2025, in which hard rock lithium continues to dominate, but salt lake lithium rises rapidly. However, the expansion of lithium mine production is influenced by factors such as actual mining, changes in the lithium industry cycle, and environmental protection.
The failure to successfully complete a planned project results in less than expected capacity, or some exploration projects are being transferred to more than expected capacity. In particular, if there are future breakthroughs in halo-hydrated lithium technology, there will be more low-cost halogenated lithium projects into production.
2.2 Australia remains at the core of the global supply of hard-rock lithium, and in the short term Australia will remain the world’s largest producer of hard-rock lithium resources and the world’s largest supplier of lithium resources. Lithium is currently mined in the mines, all of which are crystallized lithium lithium quartz, the main accompanying elements.
There are 10 major Australian mines, mostly all located in Western Australia, including greenbushes, mt.marion, mt.catlin and plugangoora, which have been completed and are being produced.
As the lithium mine re-enters, it is expected that it will start working again, and that the new mine will be added to the mine.
Rapidly operational, currently in the construction of mines such as mt.holland, kathleenvalley and Funniss. The combined capacity of the 10 major mines amounts to 4.07 million tons, with an output capacity of 2.24 million tons.
The stock share is 51 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively, of the world ' s largest and best-quality lithium quartz mine, located in the south of Western Abers.
In July 2021, the Lithium industry successfully introduced strategic investors igo (igolithiumholding State Ltd.), giving up 49% of tlea shares and reducing interest in the greenbushes mine to 26%.
Lithium oxide 2.1% grade, lithium equivalent to carbonate 8.78 million tonnes, lithium equivalent to 133.1 million tonnes, and lithium equivalent to carbonate 6.9 million tonnes, is the largest gold-grade lithium quartz mine ever mined globally.
The cost is low, the lowest in tons of lithium mines. In 2019, the greenbushes mine was able to produce an additional 600,000 tonnes/year of lithium concentrate, with a current total capacity of 1.34 million tonnes/year. In June 2021, Vonfield decided to produce 600,000/year for the third phase of Tyllison.
The trial operation of the Ton-Chemical-Lithium-Producer Project was advanced from 2025 to the end of 2024, at which time the Tyllison-Lithium-Produced Minerals would reach 1.94 million tonnes/year, of which the Chemical-grade Lithium-Produced Minerals would have an estimated 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the Technical-Lithium-Produced Minerals would have an estimated 140,000 tonnes/year, corresponding to more than 240,000 tonnes for lce.
Mountmarion is the second largest operational lithium quartz mine in the world. 40 km south-west of the Kalgoorlie mining site in Western Australia, the project was launched in February 2017, producing about 450,000 tons of lithium concentrate annually. The mineral resources of the marion lithium mining project are approximately 77.8 million tons, containing 1.37 per cent lithium oxide.
It's a contract with 2.6 million tons of lce, which is expected to last about 30 years.
All lithium concentrates produced by Mountmarion can be sold on a yearly basis after 2020, and not less than 192,570 tons of lithium concentrate each year. Currently, all lithium concentrates produced by the project are still essentially all of the lithium industry, which is one of the four largest lithium mines in Western Australia, located in Ravensthorpe.
Two kilometres to the north are large open-air hard rock lithium mines. Commercial production was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2010, maintenance ceased in 2012 and production restarted in 2016. The mine is currently under 100% control of Galaxy resources, based on data on mineral resources updated in June 2021.
In 2021, the amount of ore resources was 11 million tons, the average grade of lithium oxide was 1.2 per cent, ore reserves were 8 million tons, and the average grade of lithium oxide was 1.04 per cent. The volume of resources and grade decreased compared to the data at the end of 2020, mainly because of the reclassification of certain materials in the deeper lenses as non-mining.
The latter is mainly due to the mining of minerals in the first quarter of 2021 that are higher than the average grade of the mines.
Lithium pilgangoora is another hard rock-type new star in Australia. It is located in the Pilbara area of Western Australia, just about 120 km from Port Hedland, and it is a logistical transport facility.
Large-scale, long-cycle mining. Pilgangoora produced 330,000 tons per year in May 2018, lithium concentrates were built, commercialized in late March 2019, and is expected to increase to 380,000 tons when this year’s technology changes are completed.
The second phase has been expanded to 80-85 million tons of lithium concentrate per year. The resulting lithium concentrates are essentially sold by the lithium industry, the lithium sink industry, the Great Wall car and the posco.
Another hard rock lithium ngungaju (formerly alturamining fully funded) in the Pilbara area is adjacent to Pilgangoora, which has a total of 1.19 million tons of lce, with an average grade of 1.08 per cent. Mines tested in March 2018, commercialized in March 2019 and owned lithium concentrate.
In October 2020, alturamining declared bankrupt, pilbara completed the acquisition of the mine at alturapilgangoora ($175 million), renamed the original mine project the ngungaju project and plans to restart the project in December 2021 with the goal of 2022
In mid-year, total production capacity reached between 180,000 and 200,000 tons (dry tons). The combination of the two minerals and their easy co-production helped to boost the economy of pilbara. 2.3 South America will be the main battleground for lithium from salt lakes.
The vast majority of the salt lake lithium mines in the world are concentrated in three countries in South America, Bolivia, Argentina and Chile, known as the “Lithium Triangle”. The three countries have a total of ten salt lakes, large and small, with a wealth of resources, and relatively low reserves of lithium magnesium, with a very high value for development. There are six salt lakes of concern, atcama.
Salt Lake, Hombremuerto Salt Lake, cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake, Mariana Salt Lake, Sal devida Salt Lake, and antofalla Salt Lake. The first three of these Salt Lakes are under production, the Mariana Salt Lake and the Salt Salt Lake Salt Salt Salt Lake, the antofalla Lake is an important reserve for alb.
The following is a reference for the salt lake-like lithium resource for the three lakes that are already in production: tacama is the most developed and most productive lithium salt lake project in northern Chile, near antofagasta, and mining rights are vested in Chilean government agencies, colfo, alb and sqm.
The average lithium content of the halo water is 0.157%, and the ratio of lithium magnesium to 6.1% has a total of approximately 9.1 million tons of metal, of which 6 million tons are detected, and 3.1 million tons are assumed to be equivalent to 48.44 million tons lce, the world ' s second largest lithium salt lake. As a result of the world ' s first salt lake, yuuni Salt Lake, it is higher.
Environmental and government factors, among others, have made it difficult to increase production almost undeveloped, and tacama became the world’s largest lithium salt lake project.Corfo signed the first agreement with alb in 1975 to raise the lithium quota in March 2018.
In 1993, Sqm entered into a lease agreement with Corfo and paid quarterly lease payments to the Government of Chile based on sales of goods, with a total quota of 41.44 million tons of lithium metal, equivalent to 2 million tons of lce, which expires on 31 December 2030.
The former started in 1984 with 44,000 tons of lithium carbonate production and a total of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production in construction, respectively, are expected to be completed in 2021. Seventy thousand tons of lithium carbonate production are available at the salardelcarmen plant.
Extended to 120,000 tons in 2021 and 180,000 tons of capacity by the end of 2023. Hombrumuerto Salt Lake is another mature lithium project. Around Argentina, it covers an area of approximately 600 square kilometres, with an average lithium concentration of about 0.07 per cent, and lithium metal.
Livent's predecessor, fmc, acquired mine rights in the Salt Lake in 1991, became fully operational in 1998, and the Lithium Operations Department was separated into a marketed place in New York in 2018. Livent had 300 km2 mining rights, products containing lithium carbonate and lithium chloride, and most of them were further developed.
Lithium carbonate and lithium chloride production are converted into high-performance lithium materials such as lithium hydroxide, butyl lithium and lithium metal. Livent produces lithium carbonate from salt fields and ion exchange plants near Salt Lake Fenix, from lithium chloride plants in the guemes area and from bessemracy in the United States and Jiangsu in China
Lithium hydroxide; production of such products as lithium metal and special organic lithium in the United States of America; and production of butyl lithium products in China, India, and the United Kingdom. Available lithium carbonate production capacity of 18,000 tons, defined as 38,000 tons, and lithium hydroxide production capacity of 25,000 tons, planned to be expanded to 55,000 tons (part of carbonic acid).
Lithium outsourcing), with a capacity of 9,000 tons for chlorinated lithium, 3265 tons for butyl lithium and 250 tons for metal lithium production, in the Susques area of the department of Jujuy in the north-west of Argentina, with a concentration of approximately 0.051% for cauchar, 0.06% for laroz lithium, and 2.9% for magnesium. Orocobre owns the laroz lithium salt plant.
Four years into production, with an existing capacity of 175,000 tons of lithium carbonate and a planned additional capacity of 25,000 tons, the project progress of mineraexar has a 100% interest in another cauchari-olaroz project in the region, with a storage of 2,458 million tons of lithium carbonate.
Exar 37.5% equity, which was expanded to 51% while holding 14.84% equity in the lithium industry in the Americas, has now been diluted to 46.66% as a result of government participation, while the company has 76% of the lithium carbonate package. Currently, a battery-grade lithium carbonate project has a capacity of 40,000 tonnes and is expected to start production in mid-2022.
Launch of the feasibility assessment for phase II extension, which is expected to be no less than 20,000 tons, with a projected high altitude, thin air and transparency, less cloudy weather, long sunlight, low latitudes and a high annual average midday sun angle, with a high solar radiation and a high plateau terrain in 2022
A flat, suitable area for laying salt ponds. At the same time, adjacent to the largest photovoltaic power station in South America, the project is fully completed, and the resources of the salt lake can be exploited with solar power and solar evaporation, using renewable resources to the maximum extent possible in the extraction process and under favourable conditions.
2.4 The output of China ' s lithium resources is stable, and in the future it is concentrated in a variety of types, and it is a multi-assembly, integrated deposit. The share of Chinese lithium is as high as 79% for halo-water and 21% for hard rock.
The total share of the sources was 85.23 per cent, 43.44 per cent, 31.14 per cent and 10.65 per cent, respectively, in a high collection. The representative deposits of the Qinghai rim, East Day Geinel, West Day Geinel were sulphate-like, Tibet Zabuye was carbonate-type halogen, Sichuan Methka, Malcolm, Xinjiang Cocoto Sea were granite.
In salt lakes, potassium, magnesium, sodium are the main components, accompanied by useful components such as blubber, clover, caesium, or bromine, in addition to lithium. In hard-rock mines, the accompanying beryllium, tantalum, molybdenum, beryllium, and beryllium have potential economic benefits.
Our hard-rock lithium deposits are low. Although, in terms of resource volume, our hard-rock lithium deposits are large or super-large, they are generally low, with the representative Sichuan methca and Malcolm lithium beryllium containing an average of about 1.2% of the li2o in the mine and 0.3-0.4% of Jiang Xi Yichun ' s aluminium 2o in the mine.
The main types of lithium-rich halogen water in the country include carbonate, sulphate and chlorination types. The main distribution is in the Qing Tibetan Plateau region, where the lake water contains up to 59 elements, of which k+, na+, mg2+, ca2+,
Co32, hco3, so42, cl are the main components, accounting for about 97-98% of lake ion ion equivalents, accompanied by a high concentration of li, b, cs, rb. The most valuable carbonate salt is located mainly in the Tibetan North, where halogenated water is characterized by low-mg/li and solid lithium-bearing minerals.
Lithium carbonate and lithium-containing white clouds, representing salt lakes as Zabuye Salt Lake.iv: Chloride-Sulphate type k, mg, li, b salt lake/li, k, b, sr (br, i) underground halogenated water, most of the salt lakes in the country are complex, resulting in a multiplicity of lithium withdrawal processes.
Salt lakes propose targeted processes, mainly sedimentation, extraction, adsorption, carbide, soaking, and electro-filtration. The more extensive application of sedimentation, adsorption, and electro-filtration studies is the main method of extracting lithium carbonate from the current Salt Lake Enterprise in the Green Sea.
Processes tend to be combined, such as the highest-magnesium ratio and the most difficult-to-dithin salt lake in Tharkhan, using a combination of adsorption, filtration, electro-filtration and sedimentation techniques for a halogenated lithium kit. Overall, China ' s lithium resource endowment is less developed and is currently dominated by five hard rock-type lithium mines.
Five salt lake-like lithium mines are being produced. Lithium-producing mines are currently known as the methyl-carat-134, the industrial-love lithium mine, the lions, the ridge lithium mine and the porcelain-mel mine, which will be completed this year. The hard-rock lithium mine will grow faster and will be released in 2022.
Some 35,000 tons of additional capacity should be added: the Porceite mine, under the banner of the Eternity material, will be built at a rate of 16,000 tons; and the Li Jiagu lithium mine, under the banner of the Kawan energy power, will be built at a rate of 2.25 million tons. The nominal capacity is expected to reach 70,000 tons this year, and more than 120,000 tons by the end of 2022.
The salt lake lithium minerals are relatively stable and are currently produced mainly in the Zalkhan Salt Lake, Zabuye Salt Lake, a mile Pyric Salt Lake, East Day Geinel, and West Day Geinel. The main increase comes from the Zalkhan Salt Lake, Salt Lake Holdings, and the Blueco lithium industry, which will add 20,000 tons of carbonate lithium production capacity this year.
2.5 The three-tier layout of the lithium industry, the diversification strategy to secure supply, and the cauchari-laroz Salt Lake project, located in Australia and the South American lithium triangle, respectively, where the best resource endowments exist, are the cornerstones of corporate resource reserves.
In the next five years, the supply chain for the lithium industry has been more explicitly incorporated in the Mariana Salt Lake project in Argentina and in the Lithium clay project in Mexico, and the successful acquisition of the Lithium Monumentite project in Mali, which has the potential to develop, is the next stage in the company’s development.
1) Mariana Salt Lake is located in the department of Salta, Argentina, with a lithium resource of 8.12 million lce, and mine rights belong to litiio.
The project completed a feasibility study in 2019 and was approved by the government of the province of Salta in July 2021, with a plan to begin work in 2021. 2) The lithium clay project in Sonora, Mexico, has a capacity of about 8.82 million tons of lithium.
The company holds 50% of the shares of the sonora directly and 14.44% indirectly through Bacanora, with a combined share of 64.44%. At the same time, the company plans to control all issued shares of the bacanora by making an offer, with a further share in the sosoora project expected.
Upgrade. There is little global development of lithium clay, and the company has completed its lithium clay-drawn lithium process and technical certification, and is actively promoting the design of a production line that plans 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide capacity, a project that is expected to become a strategic location for the company to lead other lithium salt companies.
3) Goulamina is located in the southern part of Mali, with an ore resource of 103 million tons and a lio2 grade of 1.34 per cent, converted to 3.42 million tons of lce. On 2 December 2021, the Lithium Industry considered the bill to acquire 50 per cent of the Dutch company Spv ' s shareholding through its subsidiary.
Spv indirectly owns Mali Goulamina Lithium Monument Project by holding 100% equity in Mali in Africa, and the mining licence will be handed over to the Dutch company Spv in 2022. The project is currently preparing a final feasibility study
Reporting, and considering the second phase of expansion, to increase production capacity from 2.3 million tons per year to 4 million tons of ore, with a contract of 900,000 tons of lithium concentrate, which is expected to be added to the first supply of lithium concentrates. Projects in Ireland and China have not been expanded explicitly because of poor resource endowments and use only as a supplement or reserve.
1) The avalonia lithium quartz project, located 80 km south of Dublin, extends over 50 km along the Lunster Lithium crystal ore belt of Ireland and has eight exploration licences within 292 km2. Blackstarslithiummited holds the right to prospecting, and the project is currently under survey.
The company acquired 55% of the ball stock in 2014 and 2015. 2) The Ningdu Lithio mine is located in Ningdu County, Jiangxikan State, with a resource of only 10 tons of lce, size.
Smaller. The company owned the project in 2015 through a 100% shareholding in the Jean Jiangxi lithium industry. The mine began production in the first quarter of 2016, providing raw material for Ningdu. 3) The Galbust tantalum mine is located in Silin Golle, the autonomous region of Inner Mongolia, under the yellow flag of the yellow flag.
In September 2021, President Lee Liangbin proposed to buy 70 per cent of Monkin mine equity from his own funds at $1.344 billion, pending the project to obtain a new mining license and mining volume commensurate with the expected priority to be transferred to the company.
4. In January 2019, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Heixi Jintai, competed for pre-detection rights at a price of $23.65 million, with the company now holding 100 per cent interest in the Salt Lake.
In March 2021, the company acquired 100% of Ipiao Hung’s shares, thereby indirectly owning the project’s interests (49% of Ipiao Hung’s shares).
In the light of the above analysis of global lithium resources, although the lithium industry does not control the world’s best-quality hard rock, the lithium mine, greenbushes or salt lake arcama, as a whole, the three cornerstones remain the world’s first echelon, and the three projects in the next five-year plan have great potential. Companies are looking for high-quality resources over the long term.
The strategy of expanding the resource reserve will effectively consolidate the company’s leadership within the industry.iii. High-determinate demand growth is driven by the continued upturn of the lithium industry with a recycle of 3.1 lithium industry, and the bottom of the valley is now high.
Until 2015: Historically, lithium has been used mainly in traditional industries such as glass, ceramics, aluminium electrolysis, lubricant, catalysts, where demand for lithium has grown slowly, the global supply of lithium resources has been more stable in the long term, and the price of lithium carbonate, the dominant lithium salt product, has been more stable. Sony took the lead in 1991.
The commercial production of lithium ion batteries has since become the fastest growing industry in lithium applications. Global demand for portable consumer electronics after 2002 has been strong, coupled with China’s high economic growth and increased demand for lithium resources, has led to a rapid increase in the price of lithium carbonate.
The price of lithium carbonate rose to $60,000 per tonne, followed by a gradual slowdown in the growth rate of traditional chemicals and 3c batteries in 2008-2014, and the price of lithium carbonate remained constant at around $40,000 per tonne. 2015: no tax on new energy vehicles from 2014 and policy driven new energy sources since 2015
The surge in demand for lithium-ion-powered batteries in cars has led to a surge in demand for lithium resources, and the price of lithium salt has re-emerged in a sustained upward trend driven by end demand. 2016-2017: the new energy vehicle market has continued to warm, with a substantial short supply of lithium concentrate in 2016
The missing phase, coupled with the massive expansion of lithium power and battery plants to capture the market in a timely manner, was accompanied by a shortage of lithium-chemical capacity, and the price of lithium salt, driven by tight supply and demand, remained high until 2017. High lithium-salt prices stimulated upstream enterprises to explore and exploit lithium resources.
2018-2020: A large number of new and expanded lithium resource projects are being put into production, with sufficient supply to make lithium resource overcapacity significant. At the same time, subsidies have fallen sharply, the new energy car market has shifted from a policy-import to a product-driven one, downstream power cell homes have moved into the inventory phase, and demand for lithium resources has become weaker.
Lithium salt producers threw low prices, and the price of lithium products was on a downward trend. In 2019, the new titanium salt price reached the beginning of the year, causing demand to drop sharply, causing the price of lithium salt to fall further, and many Australian mines to cut production and even shut down. The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate in the Chinese market was from the end of 2017.
Lithium chloride prices also fell from $148,500 per ton at a high point to $49,000 per ton, a decline of up to 67 per cent (during periods of high premium but rapid contraction of deep-processed products such as lithium hydroxide). 2021: at the demand level, the volume of new energy vehicles sold is higher than expected. China’s new energy vehicle penetration rate is high.
Nearly 20%, with year-on-year sales expected to increase by more than 150%. Focusing on overseas markets, European markets are beginning to work under the twin policies of vehicle purchase subsidies, tax credits, and carbon-emission-exceeding fines.
As a result of previously depressed lithium prices and the impact of the new crown epidemic, lithium resource enterprises have reduced capital spending and slowed down the expansion of projects, resulting in a limited end-of-end increase in lithium resources in 2021 and a tight balance in the overall supply of and demand for resources.The combination of demand supply has led to a sustained increase in lithium salt prices since 2020q4 and to the preparation of supplies in the near future.
After 2021, the main factors that will influence the future price of lithium are: (1) the policy strength of governments to promote electric cars: (2) the market recognition of electric cars: (3) the growth rate of the storage battery market;
(4) The extent to which the progress of the new and expanded lithium mining project matches market demand; (5) Low-cost halogenated water withdrawal technology breakthroughs: (6) Lithium battery recycling technology: (7) New types of batteries that can replace lithium batteries.
But in the long run, lithium prices will eventually fall, and a rapid expansion of lithium mining projects over a short period of time may result in a significant excess supply of lithium, while low-cost, low-cost, halogenated lithium production will grow rapidly, putting pressure on the expansion of high-cost, rock-based mineral lithium suppliers from China and Australia, and will also be high.
The development and utilization of the cost of the clay-based lithium mine posed a challenge and eventually led to a decline in the price of lithium. 3.2 The demand for new energy vehicles increased. Short-term supply and demand remained tight. Lithium demand was mainly in the battery and traditional industrial sectors.
Ceramic, metallurgical and lubricant industries; battery areas are predominantly power cells, 3c batteries, and storage cells. Traditional industries and 3c batteries have stable demand, and power cells and storage cells are the main future increases.
Compared to 37%, 28%, and 7%, the non-cell sector accounted for only 28%, while in 2018 only 56% of lithium was used in the battery industry. The demand for power cells and storage cells is expected to rise to 70% and 12%, respectively, in 2025, while the ratio of traditional industry to 3c batteries decreased to 18%.
The new energy car market will dominate the supply and demand structure of lithium. In 2021, China ' s new energy car market continued with a total sales of 2,526,000 vehicles in January-October, with a penetration rate of 12.06 per cent. In 2020, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles was only 5.4 per cent, and consumer recognition increased significantly, with penetration increasing significantly.
The main reason for the slip is that the shortage of chips has eased, the total volume of cars is warming, and the absolute amount of new-energy cars is still growing. The volume of new-energy cars continues to grow at a high rate during the low season of traditional car sales, with a further outbreak in view of the season of April, when China's new-energy steam is expected to rise in 2021.
With regard to overseas markets, the growth of new energy vehicles in Europe continues at a high rate. A total of 15.6 million vehicles were sold in January-September 2021, and sales are expected to grow by more than 60 per cent in 2021, surpassing 2.3 million vehicles with penetration rates.
Nearly 20%. Consider Biden’s target of 50% U.S.-based new energy vehicle penetration by 2030, US sales will also be on the rise. Global lithium salt demand is potentially large, with a projected global new energy vehicle sales of 6.5 million vehicles by 2021, and 22 million by 2025, with penetration rates.
The power cell consumption structure has a slight impact on the demand for lithium salt. Theoretically, the production of 1gwh lithium phosphate batteries requires the consumption of 549 tons of lithium carbonate or 356 tons of lithium hydroxide; the production of 1gwh III batteries requires consumption.
710 tons of lithium carbonate or 461 tons of lithium hydroxide; the production of 1gwh-cobalt lithium batteries requires the consumption of 800 tons of lithium carbonate or 520 tons of lithium hydroxide. The use of three-dollar lithium batteries requires an additional consumption of about 30% over the use of lithium phosphate batteries in the Chinese market.
The breakthrough in the production of lithium ion cell technology, the energy density of the phosphate lithium cell system, its high-security low-cost advantage, and the increasing market share of the phosphate lithium cell. In January-October 2021, the domestic triple-power battery was loaded with 54.05gwhh, an increase of 100 per cent over the same period;
Lithium phosphate was loaded with 53.21gwhh, an increase of 316% over the same year, and for nearly four months, the ratio was higher than 50%.The overseas market was dominated by three-dollar lithium, but Texla led the vehicle to show that the ratio of lithium phosphate increased.
The storage cell is the second point of growth in demand for high-determinate lithium salt. The demand for storage energy comes mainly from power storage and communications storage.
Power fluctuations in power generation from new energy sources can be effectively smoothed out by peak-filling, FM, smooth-out, load-tracking. With the launch of a dedicated 14-year storage plan, the “wind-water-fired” and “net-based” energy-storage industries have risen to unprecedented levels, with most regions demanding new energy sources.
The power generation project requires 20% of the power to be equipped with a storage system, and the storage capacity will be able to develop. Assuming a two-hour period, the storage capacity will be required at 9.6gwh.
By 2020, a total of 5.75 million base stations, calculated as 1,000 w for single-station power and 4h for back-up power, will require 23 gwh for all 4g base stations. The energy of the 5g base station is about three times that of the 4g base station. At the end of 2020, a cumulative total of 7.18 million 5g base stations were opened in the country.
Over 600,000 new stations will be created, and the number of new 5g base stations is expected to reach 750,000 in 2021, requiring 9gwh for additional storage capacity. It is also assumed that 500,000 4g base stations will be replaced in 2021 and a total of 11gwh for communications storage in 2021.
China ' s lithium needs in the battery sector are over 40% cagr. The aggregate volume of lithium batteries on the Chinese market is 142.5 gwh in 2020, estimated at 270 gwh in 2021 and 840 gwh in 2025, taking into account the need for lithium in the traditional chemical sector, which corresponds to over 700,000 tonnes of lce.
It usually takes 2-3 years for a salt lake project and 6-7 years for a lithium clay mine. As a result, 1.45 million tons of lithium is close to demand each year, which will strongly support the high price of lithium.
Most of the projects planned to start this year were delayed until 2022, taking into account a six-month trial running cycle, a 3.3 bid model or a further incentive to keep lithium salt prices high. Lithium, like many other strategic or specialized metals, is relatively small in terms of market transactions and the determination of lithium products.
Price mechanisms are not transparent and do not establish uniform price standards. Most lithium products are traded through long-term agreements between a few lithium producers and their customers, with no spot and futures exchanges, only very limited spot markets, no uniform prices for spot transactions, different vendors and different users.
In traditional pricing methods, resource firms are in a passive position. Lithium is now priced using formulas, based on the cost of production and the price of lithium salt, which is driven up by end demand and is always priced first.
Changes, driven by time lags, re-routing of mineral prices; and secondly, the long list of lithium salt producers at the head and the resource companies incorporated price fixing mechanisms, so that the price volatility of lithium concentrate contracts was usually less than the price volatility of lithium salt, which, in the event of a lithium price rise, would benefit the lithium salt producers more than the resource-side.
The competitive model will change pricing rules, lithium salt prices, or impact. The current bottleneck in the new energy car chain is upstream resources, not lithium salt processing capacity.
Growth, however, most of the upstream supply of lithium salt plants is not sufficient to cover the huge increase in lithium salt demand, and lithium concentrate stocks are strained and resource anxiety continues to rise. Pilbara has tried competitive patterns using partial sifting, which has significantly opened up the upward elasticity of the mine price, which took place three times in July, September, and October 2021.
Lithium concentrate auctions resulted in the first sale of 10,000 tons of lithium concentrate with a grade of 5.5 per cent at a price of up to US$ 1250 per ton, a substantial premium on the current market price of US$ 735 per ton, the latter two at up to US$ 2240 per ton and US$ 2350 per ton, well above the price of lithium mine in 2017, the height of the previous cycle.
In actual production, about 8 tons of lithium concentrate of 6 per cent at a grade of lithium carbonate and about 7 tons of lithium concentrate of 6 per cent at a grade of lithium hydroxide would be required for production. Lithium carbonate cost: 2350*8*6.5*1.13+30,000 = $1680886/t
The cost of lithium carbonate, calculated on the basis of the latest auction price, has reached $168,000 per ton, which significantly boosts the price of lithium salt.
Negotiations on the price of lithium concentrate contracts, in which case the miner will take the initiative of pricing, for a certain period of time, to add the price of lithium salt to the price of the mine, which will allow the price to pass downstream. The bid model may be reasonable and necessary, based on the premise of high demand.
Interlocking will also affect the economic accounting of future new global resource projects, with prices remaining high and high, which will make high-cost projects economically efficient, raise the average cost line in the industry, accelerate the release of mining end-of-life capacity, and ease supply and demand constraints. If there is no major breakthrough in the low-cost salt lagoons, the price of lithium will be higher in the future.
It is difficult to achieve a situation similar to that of a cliff break down in 2019, and we have made the following assumptions about the main profitability indicators for the operations of the lithium industry in 2021-2023: the cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake project in Argentina is expected to be successfully operational in 2022, with capacity of 40,000.
Ten thousand tons, 810,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and 2000 tons of lithium metal production per year. Assuming that the new lithium resource project was not fully produced in 2022, supply and demand remained tight, the average agreement price for lithium salt was 170,000 yuan per tonne, and supply and demand stress began to ease the price of lithium salt slightly down to 160,000 yuan per tonne in 2023.
For example, the industry averaged a high profile between 2021 and 2023, with a high demand for lithium resources, with lithium prices expected to remain high. Lithium mines are a bottleneck in industry development over the next two to three years, and lithium salt companies with sufficient resource capacity should have some valuation premium.
The company’s top-down and bottom-down integrated layouts are well-positioned, well-developed industrial chains will fully enjoy the industry’s upscaling dividends, the volume of products will rise, the prices of the products will be covered for the first time, and the company will be given a “buy-in” rating. Lithium demand is not as high as expected: the demand for lithium is increasing mainly for electric car batteries and energy storage batteries.
The rapid growth is driven by a negative impact on the lithium industry in which the company operates if new energy vehicles are sold less than expected or if the storage industry does not grow as expected. Risks of lithium resource development: the potential quality, yield, mining costs or processing of lithium lithium lithium and halogen water developed
In addition, companies develop lithium resources and produce lithium-related products in an environmentally friendly and safe manner, and if they fail to comply with the relevant regulations and regulations, the company’s operations, financial situation and operations.
The risk of overseas operations: companies operate and invest in a number of countries around the world, with different legal systems and government policies, and in the event of a major change in a country’s political and economic relations with China.
The company’s operations, financial position and performance can be adversely affected. At the same time, the company is exposed to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, which can lead to cost increases or lower returns, as well as to the value of currency and other foreign exchange-denominated assets and liabilities, which may have an adverse impact on profitability and net asset values.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.