2022: slightly over-expected performance, major industry stress period over, New Business Starship Sea, Research Assistant Chey Chul Dynasty.
Keywords: #Performance # Second Curves #The Mother Net Profit of $430 million, +40% of the year. q4 Income Overexpected + Māori Ring Increase + Relatively Declining + R & D Uplifted Tax Credits.
During the year, a number of factors (large prices + maritime freight + epidemic containment costs) were significantly reduced. This year's remarkable recovery of profitability.  The worst time has passed and the company's 23-year business plates have been lifted. 1) On the side of the grid, 23-year-old China.
The network plans to invest $520 + billion, with a similar caliber of about 4% or more, with a structural focus on top-of-the-line high-pressure and ready-to-end grid racks. Thus, company switches, gis, super-high-voltage-related capacitors/segregate switches, etc., are expected to increase speed, and transformer production is also accelerating release; 2) on the off-grid side, we now have a high rate of release.
More marketized and faster off-grid operations generated more than 50 per cent of the revenue: 23 years of wind and light installation, high demand for hand-loaded gis, svgs, etc. for power generation; and the overseas Matthews effect, which continues to ferment, which lasts longer than expected for 23 years.
▪ The “energy distribution” second-growth curve is beginning to emerge. 1) Upstream, the layout core, the super-volcture (the official acquisition of the subsidiary's carbon-crystal capacity in December 2022), 41.1985% of the shares. 2) Application level, storage capacity and vehicle-carrying two lines - the owner of the household attack abroad, the product has been placed on the market, and the channels are on the market.
Increased layouts; large reserves give priority to developing the country, with 2023h1 expected products; grid energy storage, with projects in place. Car-borne markets are based on super-optimal growth, and the first car-crystal energy owner in the country used to be super-compatible, with a certain Volvo. Looking at "15", the "Big Energy Distribution" plate is expected to grow at a faster rate than ever.
Ideas Electric (002028): 2022 Quarter: Beyond the traditional transmission and transformation business, companies as platforms grow more consistently and with greater certainty: performance below market expectations, profit
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: a fast report on backbone performance, a significant restoration of corporate profitability, an increase in grid build-up, promising growth of company orders for core equipment, and a smooth expansion of offline operations.
Xingen Electric (002028): mid-2022, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.