The race tires (601058) car has performed well on the warmth of the demand, and the non-road side is booming, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SVRDC)
• The domestic and offshore tyre markets are warming up, and companies have increased their net profits. The company’s revenues and profits grew in 2023 (h1) twice. Domestically, the rate of start-up of tyre factories is high. According to data from 38 key members of the China Rubber Industry Association, the combined output of external births was 304 million in January-June 2023, compared to the same year.
In the first half of 2023, vehicle sales were 13,248,000 and 13,239,000, respectively, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively, respectively, of which 11,281,000 and 11,268,000, respectively, were delivered by car sales, an increase of 8.1 per cent and 8.8 per cent, respectively, respectively, and 1.967,000 and 1.971,000 respectively, respectively, by commercial vehicle sales.
This represents an increase of 16.9% and 15.8%, respectively, in automobile consumption as one of the backbone industries of the national economy, and as the economy cools and warms, the potential for car market consumption will be further released, leading to a sustained increase in performance. On the overseas side, according to the United States Federal Reserve, the United States Department of Automobile Zero in the first half of 2023.
In the first half of the year, China exported 4 million tons of tyres, or 14.5 per cent more; exports amounted to $10 billion, or 13.2 per cent more than in the previous year, and overseas distributors completed their inventories as shipping costs remained low and stable.
Subsequent exports are expected to continue to be good, leading to steady growth in revenue collection. With greater profit elasticity, it is expected that there will be no significant change in the supply of and demand for raw materials in the second half of the year, so raw-material prices will remain stable and corporate-cost pressures will continue to improve.
In January, after the company's technical adaptation of the Qingdao factory's non-road tyre project, which will produce giant non-road tyres at 49 hours and above, the construction of the project and the gradual post-partum phase could be improved.
It is expected that the overall competitiveness of companies will be further enhanced by meeting customer needs. The company has introduced more liquid gold tyres in different areas and use scenarios, and in February has re-launched four series of liquid gold in vehicles. As the variety of liquid gold products becomes more numerous, market ownership will gradually increase.
Military high-end products, opening up profit margins, meta. The dynamic pe is 18 times, 14 times, and 12 times, respectively.
The company is the leader of the country ' s tyre industry and its development can be divided into three main stages: Phase I: Early development 2002-2011: the company ' s former model base for the production of meridian tyres in Qingdao, was established in 2002 as the country ' s first collection of new materials, new technologies, new equipment, new processes, new management models.
In 2003, the company’s first tires were downlined, with domestic production growing steadily, and became the leading tyre business in the country. Phase two: 2011-2021 continued to be deployed overseas, with production expanding steadily: the United States had more than China since 2009.
Tariff barriers have been imposed, domestic tyres are exported to the US, and there is an urgent need to find a break. In this context, the company has shown a pioneering spirit as the country’s first domestic tyre company to deploy overseas production capacity, the South Base in 2012 has completed its layout, and the Company’s Cambodia Base in 2021.
Trade tariffs imposed by layers, coupled with a high level of excess capacity in the domestic tyre industry, have had a greater impact on the profitability of the domestic tyre industry, with the company ' s net profits fluctuated in 2014-2017, with a significant increase in corporate profits as the company ' s base in Viet Nam became operational. 9 million steel projects per year were launched in Cambodia in 2022, with a steady increase in overseas revenues.
Phase III: “Little gold” in the future, starting from 2021: companies focus on scientific innovation, using new materials from the world’s first “recording” technology, autonomously produce low-carbon green tire products - liquid gold tyres, and solve the trouble.
With the growth of the company's “liquid gold” product variety, it is expected to become a new generation of tyre leaders overseas, and the global layout is gradually improving. The company is the first to build a factory overseas and first to have two overseas regulations.
China ' s tyre industry, which molds the production base, actively promotes a globalized development strategy, optimizes the allocation of resources, ensures high-quality products, delivers, and effectively spreads the risks associated with trade barriers, among other things. The company has modern tyre production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Kanyuan, Vietnam, Cambodia, etc., and plans were made during the reporting period to build a Qingdao family tyre factory and functional new materials.
At the same time, the company has marketing networks and logistics centres in North America, Germany, Viet Nam, etc., serving local and surrounding regions, selling products to more than 180 countries and territories in Europe, the United States, Asia, Africa, etc.
In September 2014, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization of the People ' s Republic of China officially issued a press release.
Since 2016, our tyre production has declined year by year, and we have phased out our production capacity. As stipulated in the Paris Agreement, in September 2020, we proposed that the tyre industry would be able to achieve the “double carbon” target of carbon peaks by 2030 and carbon neutrals by 2050.
Rhe. In April 2021, Shandong Province issued a notice of the province-wide implementation of the “Three affirmative” action programme (2021-2022), which requires that, in 2022, less than 1.2 million full steel mid-treats (engineering tyres, aeronautical tyres, wide-cut no insides), and less than 5 million semi-steel mid-treeds per year (except for air-scarved tyres, high-end products of racing tires, ultra-low-cut tyres) be produced.
As required by the document, this round of decomposing capacity accounts for 3.96% and 3.03% of the total steel production capacity available in the country. The province of Shandong produces 52.11% and 50.8% of the country ' s total steel production capacity, respectively, and is able to release market space further because of the greater impact and speed of this decomposition,
In 2023, departments such as the National Development Reform Commission (CNRD) published the Energy Performance Standard Level and Benchmark Levels in the Industry Priority Areas (version 2023), which further expands the energy efficiency constraint area to include meridian tyres in the energy efficiency constraint area. This will further boost the exit of backward production capacity, and will help leading firms to increase their market share.
In the future, the company’s capacity continues to expand and is at the forefront of the country’s economy. It is expected that the total steel production will reach 990 million in 25 years, 71.6 million in half a year, 420,000 in non-roads, and a strong leader among listed companies in the country.
Corporate equity is stable, and real control advocates innovation. The company actually controls Yuan, who was the twelfth representative of the National People’s Congress, the 11th Executive Committee Committee of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the National Technical Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering.
Deputy Director-General, Senior Vice-President of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association, current Director of the National Rubber and Tyre Engineering Research Centre, Senior Vice-President of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association, and Executive Chairman of the Bureau of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association. He has proposed that “We are the basis for the development of our business, innovation, and emphasis on the integration of production and research, from scientific innovation to innovation in the industrial chain.
On July 18, the race tires launched the 2023 Stakeholder Scheme, which involves directors of companies (including branches, fully-owned subsidiaries, and holding companies), senior managers, and senior managers.
The total number of managers, middle-level managers and core staff participating in the employee holding scheme does not exceed 75.
The mission of “good tires” achieved excellent business results, with revenues of $11.63 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +10.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and corporate governance, with a generally stable three-cost ratio. The reasons for the change in sales costs are: mainly due to the increase in advertising, labour costs and travel costs for the current period. The reasons for the change in management costs are: mainly due to the increase in labour costs.
Reasons for cost changes: mainly due to interest on transferable debt and increased loans in the current period. Scenario 1: total steel and semi-styren sales in 2023-2025 were 55.3 million, 64 million and 69 million in 2023-2025 in the company ' s tyre products. Sales in 2023-2025 in the company ' s tyre products were 140,000 tons, 200,000 tons and 240,000 tons in 2023-2025 series;
A good all-styrene upturn has led to a synchronized increase in prices and Māori rates, a combination of historical price data and overall supply and demand in the industry. Given the changing share of the company's different products, the average price of the entire steel and semi-steel products is expected to be $408 per item, $434 per item, and $454 per item. With the company's high-priced Māori mega-project output, it is expected that the non-roads will be released in 2023-2025 on average.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the company for 2023-2025 as follows:
From a Pe perspective, the company was valued 14 times in 2024, and the industry average was 14 times the average. The company’s non-road tyres had not been compensated, either directly or indirectly, for their non-road tyres, nor for their specific recommendations or views in this report.