The great waves of the times are simmering in the blood of the merchants.
– The depths of the commercial snakes (001979.sz) report that the tides of the times have turned up, and that the business spirits have turned into a good life: born in the front line of reform and opening up, and become the nation's leading home.
Merchant snakes (001979.sz) (001979.sz) were created in 1979 to become “the bearer of good life” and move towards the country’s leading integrated development operator goal.
High-quality real estate resources, company growth into fast-tracked lanes. In 2018, the company promoted organizational change, using a “large-scale” leaning headquarters, to achieve a flat-down and efficient operation. Four additional areas were added in the same year: Jiangnan, south-west, Hainan, and south-east.
In 2021, there was an increase in the number of cruise ships and cruises, with specialized companies operating independently and with diversified operations. Real estate sales: sales rose steadily, with a negative ranking in 2022.
In 2017, for the first time, the company developed and achieved $100 billion in sales, “Safe 6 vs. 5,” and actively expanded its size. As industry sales and profits gradually improve, we believe that the company is expected to further repair the growth in sales and achieve growth beyond the industry.
From 2022 to the present, in a context of falling industrial sales and shrinking investment security margins, the firm’s land strength has been at the forefront of leading housing companies, with a significant increase in equity. In terms of layout, after 2021, the company increased its land area in two-line cities, focusing on sales.
The company has a large quantity of high-quality earth reserves in the heart of the city, such as the Shenzhen Sea, the snakes’ mouths, and the new capital city of Chengdu, which provide a strong guarantee of income and profitability. The financing and liability structure of the investment: rational and sustainable optimization, with growth in the inner and external sectors.
By contrast, since 2020, the company's “three red lines” have remained green, with a modest increase in asset-liability ratios and net liabilities. In November, the real estate “three arrows” were launched, home refinancing policies were opened, traders took the lead in December in issuing a refinancing scheme for the purchase of equity assets. On 13 July, the assets indicated in the company's bulletin were closed.
The company’s share in the pre-sea business was further increased to 86% (+13.65pt) after the purchase of the assets.
In April, a cooperative agreement was signed between the Commissariat and the Chia Miao Industries Group and the Great Wall of China to cooperate in urban renewal, commercial development operations, and the Brunei Darussalam Brigade, with a view to achieving a win-win partnership.
In the area of asset operations, the holding property “two hundred strategies” has been steadily moving forward since 2021, reaching $5.71 billion in 22 years (before rent cuts). The concentration business is growing rapidly, with the largest share of the holding property, and the industrial estates operating steadily in recent years.
The company has a dual-reits platform, covering both industrial and commercial property, and a closed-door connection to the holding property, which helps to boost the efficiency of the company’s stock and its liquidity and contributes to the firm’s steady profits.
(b) Operation of a platform for the management of property under the flag and light assets, with sustained efforts in the operational areas of fairs, cruises, rest and recuperation, and the creation of an urban service ecosphere.
Performance and valuation: Profit is expected to rebound and valuation is at a historically low level. Listed in 2015 to date, company cindasecuritiesco., ltd shares won the industry index and dividends were kept high.
In Beijing, the 9th House of 9th Street, the city's west corner, has been on the market since its inception. In 2021, the valuations were repaired but close to historical lows, and the value of the company's investment was highlighted.
The development of a core-spaced storage will strongly support future earnings and profits, adding up the company's valuation to a low level compared to our own over the past five years, thus covering for the first time the “buy-in” rating we give to us.
Not as expected. Cross-market selection of comparable corporate risks: selected segments of comparable companies are listed on different securities exchanges with companies, with some risk of differences in valuation systems. 5 aspects of development strategies, sales, land acquisition, financing and diversified operations are detailed and analysed in this report.
Positive advances maintain the certainty of scale growth. From recent sales data on companies, the signing of business snakes was made in 2022, and we believe that companies remain aggressive in marketing and taking advantage of the current low-cost financing environment.
After 2017, companies increased their annual sales by the same amount as the area of sale at a faster rate than national sales, with the leading head-households taking the lead in this round of real-estate restructuring.
In 2022, commercial snakes accumulated 1,194 million square metres of sales, amounting to $292.6 billion. Corporate sales fell less than other leading housing companies. In 2022, no significant price reductions were made in exchange for liquidity, and the company’s delivery and product power were highly recognized in the market. The market share of sales rose to 2.2 per cent in 2022.
The current net market rate is at a historically low level. In 2022 to date, head country housing companies have had a greater advantage in terms of sales performance, value reserves, and financing conditions, but are affected by pessimistic expectations, such as income and housing prices, and the current company valuation is close to history.
As the industry moves into a phase of bottom-building stability, we believe that the value of high-quality conglomerates, represented by the business market, is likely to rise.
At the end of the former real-estate market, industry sales as a whole showed a steady downward trend. In June, the 100-percent housing stock market grew by 9.5% per month, a marginal improvement compared to the 14.5% down in May; despite increased market movement in July, policy momentum is expected to boost a steady recovery in the industry.
At the bottom, the industry is expected to start a new cycle. At this stage, better supply and demand patterns and less price recovery have improved, or have performed better.
The future will be strongly supported by future earnings and profits, with a high investment value.1 General: born on the front lines of reform and opening up, and growing into a national housing business leader 1.1: from the Snake Point Industrial Park to the nation.
1.1.1 History has changed: 40 years of wind and rain, with the country's leading integrated development operator reforming and opening up forward positions, starting 40 years of wind and rain. The 11th plenary session of the 3rd plenary session in 1978 ushered in a new era of reform and opening up. In 1979, China's first outward-looking industrial park, the Commissary of Commerce, opened its foundations and began its journey.
The commercial snakes (001979.sz) were also born in 1979. From 1979 to the present, the course of corporate development can be divided into four phases: first, from 1979 to 1990, with the “reform and opening” of the business concentrated in the snakes industrial zone, with the main focus on the development of the parks: in July 1979, the Commissary Agency’s headquarters for the construction of the snakes industrial zone was officially established and was responsible for the preparation of the snakes industrial zone.
In October 1979, the Craft Industrial Zone established the Real Estate Authority, which is primarily responsible for land planning, expropriation, construction and management in the industrial zone. In 1981, the Property Section of the Craft Industrial Construction Command was established. In 1984, the Real Estate Section was independent and the Craft Real Estate Corporation was established to build housing for workers in the industrial zone and to take the lead in the commercialization reform of workers ' housing.
Second, in 1990-2000, “Second Enterprise”, a government function such as the separation of park management, focused on the development of snake-ported real estate. In 1987, the real estate company of the snake-port industrial zone acquired the first level of portfolio development approved by the Shenzhen municipality. In 1990, it was established as one of the first real-estate companies in the country. In 1997, the real-estate company of the snake-deal industrial zone acquired the first real-estate development qualification approved by the City of Shenzhen.
Third, from 2000 to 2015, from the Shenzhen snakes to the whole country, it gradually became a national leader in housing. In 2000, the former company's principals were successful in bidding for two plots of land in Shenzhen Bay, marking the company's business of commercial housing development.
In 2001, the port business was stripped off. In 2007, the commercial estate acquired the State-level comprehensive real estate development qualification, and the concept of nationalization was developed. In 2008, Shenzhen was established to build a business and acquire the qualifications of a construction company. For the first time in 2014, the sales of real estate were more than 50 billion, with four major regional success stories in China, North China, South China and East China, with initial completion.
During the year, the Corporation Group offered to develop four “national leaders” with a section on real estate referring to “national leaders in urban convergence development and operations services.” In the same year, the Consort Industrial Zone Holdings of the Chamber of Commerce absorbed consolidated holdings.
For the first time, the sales contract went beyond the 100 billion yuan mark, ranking 14th in the industry. In 2020, the sales rankings returned to the top 10. In 2022, the sales contract reached $292.6 billion, ranking 6th.
In 2016, the company developed a “133341” strategy, the first of which was “1”, which was strategically positioned as a leading urban and park integrated development service provider.
In 2022, in order to match strategic objectives and transformational directions, three major industries were restructured into three types of operations: development operations, asset operations, urban services, and re-classification according to business patterns.
Real estate development has always been the company’s most important business, and sales rankings have risen rapidly since 2015. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the share of business income from community development and operations in the previous three major business groups has remained at over 70%.
The Māori ratio for development and operation operations is usually higher than for collection, falling to 56 per cent in the second quarter of 2021, and 44 per cent for park development. The Māori ratio for community development and operations continued to be higher in the second quarter of 2022, with real estate development always being the company’s most important major business.
From 2013 to 14, corporate sales ranked 15th in the industry. Since the re-marketing in 2015, business snakes have maintained a positive attitude towards the size of their sales, with companies rising rapidly after 2018 in full-calibre sales, and in 2022 in the industry ' s fifth chart: by 2022, community development and operations accounted for the highest share of sales.
Figure 6: In 2021, the Māori share of park development and operation increased according to full-calibre sales. From 2016 to the present, companies adapted their strategies and business plans to the changing market situation and policy orientation.
In 2016, the year of the 13th Five-Year exercise, the company judged that supply-side reforms and the restructuring of the company had intensified, with the theme being “Integration Year”, proposing a steady increase in the performance of the community, accelerated development of park blocks, and active exploration of new cruises.
In 2017, the theme “Houseless” ran through, and companies believed that the real-estate market would remain stable, with the theme “Development Year.” For the first time in that year, the company’s performance crossed the goal of “100 billion” and joined the hundreds of billions of houses.
The main thrust of the policy will continue, with the theme “Reform Year” completed with the organizational restructuring. In 2019, the Trade Development Board was judged to be at the top, which will continue to promote transformational innovation, and the year will be marked as the “Stimulus Efficiency Year”, which will require further improvements in asset management and strengthening of the ownership business.
Successfully listed as the first real-estate investment trust to be marketed only by Chinese state-owned enterprises since 2006, opening up new ideas for real-estate financial operations for companies. On December 16, 2019, the pool was re-listed and re-listed.
1.1.3 Capital markets: Reorganization of listed business relations. Merchants have undergone several restructurings. In 1984, a real estate company was established in the Snakes Industrial Zone.
In response to the economic overheating in 1993, the government stepped up macro-regulation efforts to limit housing financing through equity and banking channels, when the hot city of Hainan fell rapidly. In 1999, equity reforms accelerated.
During the year, the real estate company of the Snakes Industrial Zone changed its name to Shenzhen Merchant Real Estate Limited. The 1999 financing policy was relaxed, and the Ministry of Construction began to promote the return of some of the houses to the market.
In the same year, Viper Industrial Zone Ltd. changed its name to “Commandering the Bureau of Snakes Industrial Zones” Ltd. In 2000, Merchant Ports changed its name to “Commandering the Bureau of Snake Ports and Holdings” Ltd. (Secretty Exchanges a) and in 2004 it changed its name to “Command the Bureau of Commerce Realty Holdings Ltd.” and its title was changed to “Command Real Estate Disclosures”.
In June 2015, the company’s growth went to the fast track. In June 2015, the Consort Industrial Zone Holdings of the Bureau of Merchantries completed the transformation of the stock system in a holistic manner and became a limited stock company.
In September, the Department of Commerce issued a restructuring programme to incorporate consolidated market real estate holdings through the distribution of a share exchange, known by the New Public Administration as the “Bureau of a stock holding in a snake-port industrial zone” (Commercial Snakes, 001979.sz).
The year 2016 was the first year of the re-marketing of Singapore ' s stockb. The company ' s performance statement was bright, with a 29.15 per cent increase in business income and a 97.54 per cent increase in net profit for mothers.
1.2 Corporate governance: Reliance on the BG, with a clear equity concentration structure 1.2.1: As of July 2023, hiring of BBG holdings, with a large number of shareholders from a national background The equity structure of the company is concentrated and stable, and the holding of shareholders is strong in the BCG group.
The BG holds 55.23% of the shares and is the controlling shareholder of the company. The BCG is one of the 16 estate-based companies identified by the CNR in 2005 and has been officially converted from the state-owned capital investment pilot to the state-owned capital investment company in 2022. The BCG currently has two top 500 public corporations in the world.
The rest of the shareholders have a higher background in state capital. Among the top 10 shareholders in the company, other shareholders in the country’s financial background include Beijing, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
In terms of insurance and funds, the equity companies, SWF, SWF, SWF, SWF, etc. hold shares of 0.81%, 1.04%, 0.79% and 0.60% respectively.
1.2.2 The management structure: “Headquarters - Enterprise - Regional Groups” has been clearly structured in recent years. In addition to headquarters and regional groupings, the structure of the organization includes the Ministry of Industry and Professional Companies.
At the same time, in 2013, the company injected into the Ministry’s own property project, using the market location (0978.hk) as an offshore platform. There are currently six specialized public departments, namely, a mail carrier, a caller’s office (centralised business and writing building), a caller’s office, a caller’s office, an Idun, a hotel and an apartment, and a trade watch.
In 2012, companies established a new incentive system with economic profits and sales as core indicators.
Delegation of authority to establish regional management headquarters, shorten decision-making chains, save management costs and improve management efficiency, and enhance operating markets
In 2018-2019, the headquarters functions were streamlined to eight, with the elimination of audit audits, human resources, information technology, capital capital, marketing brands, cost management and the Urban Institute, and the consolidation of functions into other existing sectors. Regionally, four additional regions were added, namely Jiangnam, south-west, Hainan, south-east and, beyond 2020, the South-East region was independent as a commercial firm.
From 2019 to 2020, there was an increase in the number of holding-type property sectors, and in 2020 there was an independent operation of specialized companies such as the BMS and the Idun.
A business management team was set up for the year 2020 under the theme “Year of management” and the company’s holding business.
1.2.3 Management: Within Szegen Group and within the company, the escort company continues to develop The management of the company is rooted in the group and within the company. Mr. Xu Yong Jun, Chairman of the company, was recruited as Managing Director of the Bureau of Commerce Logistics Group for a long period of time and was appointed to the post of Managing Director after the company was re-listed in 2015.
Chairman of the Board, as Chairman of the Chamber of Merchant Snakes. Mr. Jiang Tiefeng, Managing Director of the Company, was appointed as Managing Director of Nanjing Corporation, Shanghai Corporation, and East China District in October of the year.
In 2016, it launched the Equity Incentives Programme. In 2020-2021, the Department strengthened the “six-power” mechanism for building cadres and talent, created a differentiated job classification system, created job levels for company headquarters, regional areas, ministries of industry, professional firms and their affiliates, and redesigned the pool of recruits, business managers, business people, and businesses in Idun.
In October 2021, the company held its second interim stockholders ' meeting in 2021, and the board of directors and the supervisory board successfully completed a three-year term of office.
2.1 Size of sales: City-wide deep-deeping has had a significant effect, sales have grown in a negative way since 2017, and sales have been growing at a steady rate, continuing to run the country and leading the head office. Sales have exceeded the country from year to year, but have run out in 2013, 2015 and 2016. After 2017, companies have sold more and more each year.
The same rate of growth exceeded the national rate of increase in sales, leading leading leading head houses, and corporate sales schedules were now more stable during swings. The pace of the adjustment cycle remained resilient in 2022, with rising rankings.
There was a steady movement. The cumulative sales area of the commercial snakes was 11.9365 million square metres throughout the year 2022, with a 10 per cent increase in the average annual sales of companies, reflecting, on the one hand, a higher profile of the city and a focus on quality uplifting in recent years; on the other hand, it meant that the company gained a high degree of market recognition in terms of delivery and product power, and did not exchange prices through significant price reductions.
2.2 Urban distribution: Increased occupancy of high-energy cities 3-4-year-old cities are under pressure for high stock of merchandise houses, and companies, when developing the “133341” strategy in 2015, proposed to scale up the three basic strategies of “regional focus, urban deep-farming, transformational development”.
In 2021, in a strategy of regional focus and urban deep-farming infrastructure, the company proposed a priority deployment of high-energy core cities, increasing the share of equity investment in the designated “30-city centre.” In 2022, urban deep-farming was successful, and high-energy urban sales increased significantly.
In priority 20 cities, the cities of Shanghai, Hoyopa, Suzhou and other long triangles have a higher share. In 2022, the company entered Shanghai, China, China, China, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
There are also high rates of city ownership in various regions of the landscape, such as Nanjing, where sales come from the Chinese Institute. There is a certain difference in calibre between the sales target of $112.8 billion during the year and the successful entry into the 100 billion class headhouses.
In 2022, the market as a whole went down, with firms generally facing difficulties of decolonization and falling prices. Against a backdrop of an overall decline of 26.7% in merchandise house sales across the country in 2022, the company had a year-round recovery, but the April-May sales ring was less sustainable than the fall.
The prices of first-line cities are still low. At the enterprise level, housing sales continue to divide, and sales are increasing at a higher rate. The impact of the epidemic, vaccination policies, and downside factors in the industry are compounding, and sales are still at some distance from the target.
With the gradual improvement of sales and profits in the industry, the merchants are expected to further repair the increase in sales and achieve an increase in the size of the industry. From 2022 to the present, leading conglomerates have had a greater advantage in terms of sales performance, stock reserves and financing conditions.
Increases in speed. As industry sales and profits improve, commercial snakes maintain a proactive attitude towards marketing and location and fully use the current financing environment to achieve effective scale-up, or growth beyond the industry in terms of sales and asset size.
2.4 Key products: Three broad categories of products are well-positioned to meet different levels of housing demand Policy support for housing and improved demand ratio. According to the Institute of Central Studies, there has been an increase in the 90-200-square proportion of medium-area households since 2018, reflecting a gradual shift in the market from new demand to new demand.
In this context, the creation of more abundant product lines, in particular improved residential products, is expected to provide strong support for the company’s future sales. In March 2018, three departments of residential products were launched to improve the domestic product lines.
Three types of residential products were created: the Department of Growth (“as part of the system”), the Department of Achievement (“as part of the chain”), and the Department of Succession (“as part of the seal”). The Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Garden in Shenzhen in 2015 was the first “as part of the seal” product. In 2018, the “Accomplishment” home line was first released, and was designated “as a source of comfort”. In Shanghai, in May 2022, the “as part of the chain” was introduced to adapt to the new age for young people.
The product lines are constantly being upgraded to meet the different levels of housing needs, from need to need, to be changed and to be transferred to a mansion.
In 2022, the company ranked eighth in the ranking of housing companies. The company's seals, , were selected for the country's top ten home departments of 2022 and Luxury.
Delivery is highly recognized. After 2021, small and medium-sized housing businesses have experienced frequent credit incidents, with some residents turning to existing houses and second-hand houses to avoid the risk of late and late delivery of new houses. In 2022, commercial snakes continued to grow by 3%, as a result of the epidemic, among other things.
The current house occupancy ratio has increased faster than the second-hand room since 2021
The company as a whole maintains a robust pro-cyclical pace and increases the investment intensity during the sales upswing period.
Throughout the period, the three or four-line cities faced high stock and house price pressures. But the company’s sales increased at a high rate of 18% in 2014, while actively replenishing the earth storage to 67%. The growth in sales slowed down and the intensity of the land decreased in 2015.
Second, market heat fell under regulation in 2018-19, company sales crossed the 200 billion mark in 2019, commercial snakes kept up at a higher rate of about 20%, land strength continued to rise, and total land prices were sold in 2021.
The share of sales reached 65%; as a result of the increase in average land prices in 2021, the size of land planning decreased. The intensity fell from 29% to 18%.
3.2 Landing: Regional focus versus urban deep-farming The size of second-line cities has increased since 2021, focusing on areas where marketing is more definitive. In 2014, the Commissary has successfully deployed 30 cities across the country, completing a shift to the role of a national comprehensive real estate developer.
Under the tone, the new deal, represented by Beijing’s 930 loan-limits and price-limits, was opened in second-line cities, and prices in second-line cities were gradually stabilizing. During 2016-18, the three- or four-line cities continued to benefit from the monetization of the sheds, with rising housing prices giving them a certain advantage, and the housing sector generally sunk.
50 cities. From 2018 to the end, high-energy urban sales have shown greater certainty in the context of the impact of the epidemic since 2020, with companies actively changing their warehouses. In terms of the distribution of urban energy levels, the first-line city of the company plans for land construction have become the dominant area of land since 2021.
The total area area of the districts was more than 30 per cent, with the regions of Huadong and Jiangnan growing in 2022, focusing on Jiangsu and Anhui's priority cities. In addition, the south-west, south-east and south-east regions were added, such as Chengdu, Chongqing, Xian and Kunming, where the South-west regional headquarters was established.
In 2022, the number of cities fell and the amount of investments in single cities remained stable. In recent years, companies have been determined to implement the city-deep strategy. In 2022, companies acquired 56 plots of land, and the number of land cities declined significantly, from 41 in 2021.
After 2021, the titanium contracted, with the focus on “Thirty City” and “Thirty City 6+10”. In 2021, for the first time in the annual paper, the snakes introduced the concept of “Thirty City” and the share of “Thirty City 30” land investment in total investment rose to 90% in 2022 and to 94% in 2021. Ten cities invested 62% (+10 pct) before 2021, heavy.
The central cities of Shanghai, Nanjing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Wuhan, Chongqing, among others, have invested more than 70 per cent of the country's priority cities in long triangles and Hong Kong and Macao. In 2022, “Deep Farming 6+10” was proposed, with a share of 90 per cent, with single-city concessions valued at $3.1 billion, including 10 in Shanghai, 5 in Shenzhen and 5 in Fatty.
3.3 Land price: The recent decline in the premium rate for land use has decreased since the second quarter of 2020. In 2021, the city’s land market opened up a centralized land supply policy.
It has become an effective tool to reduce financial pressure; on the other hand, the 22 cities where the policy is implemented are concentrated mainly in second-line cities, hot spots, and urban land market premiums have been reduced. In 2014-16, the focus was on high-energy cities, where market premiums are usually higher than the national average; however, after 2016, the average premium on the national land market declined and the company premium on land tended to decline.
Figure 45: Maintenance of a high level of ground harvesting in second- and third-line cities after 2016 3.4 earth storage distribution: sufficient reserves of core areas in priority cities.
Merchant snakes have plenty of high-quality earth reserves in the core parts of the city. There is much room for unworked earth storage in the former Shenzhen Sea; work in Prince's Bay is proceeding at a faster pace and has become more extensive and can contribute more to the carry-over of income; there is still a stock of snakes' land to be further developed. The company's land reserves in the new city of Chengdu still have a large share to develop.
Development is carried over, and it is expected to continue to contribute revenues and profits to the company. 3.5 Land-based approach: active exploration of production-city linkages, etc. Access to quality land reserves through intra-group synergies, industrial linkages, urban renewal, etc.
In 2021, the company acquired nine projects in the production of the city, including the Yu An-New Zone, the Wuhan Dragon, the Fertilized New Station, the Ningpole Avenue, etc., to replenish the earth reserve of approximately 2.15 million square metres. In the collection and purchase side, a total of 12 single projects landed in 2021 were acquired and purchased, with accumulated supplementary project resources.
Old and urban renewal has become the dominant way of urban renewal in recent years, and the number of old and urban renewal projects in companies has increased rapidly. In 2021, companies were eligible for 14 old conversion projects with an estimated land reserve of 5.1 million square metres and a value of over $12 billion.
The largest urban renewal fund in the former country will be directed towards investment in old areas and urban renewal projects. The company is based in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong and is actively expanding the quality urban renewal project. By the end of 2022, the company had accumulated 25 exclusive urban renewal projects, with a total of about 12 million square metres planned. The layout is currently focused on Shenzhen, Guangzhou, and Guangzhou.
Foshan, Dong-hoon 4 financing: financing and liabilities are well structured, built and extended, with growth and a heavy debt structure 4.1 debt structure: three red lines remain green and interest-bearing liabilities are growing steadily
Since 2020, the “triple red line” has remained green, raising the debt ratios modestly. In 2022, the rate of pre-receipts dropped to 17%, and then remained low. As a second-tier company of the Chamber of Commerce Group, the rate of interest-bearing liabilities of the Commissary Group has been strictly regulated by the Group, while the Group has been active in accelerating the process of decolonization and further deleveraging and lowering costs.
With the changing market environment and the slowdown in corporate indebtedness, the cost of financing has gradually declined. The combined cost of capital fell to 3.89% at the end of 2022, maintaining a significant advantage among the leading firms, falling behind Shenzhen holdings (3.30%), and China.
External development (3.57%) and Chinese land (3.75%), blind pursuit of high-leveraging, high-translator development models, and access to finance. Thanks to long-standing sound business strategies and financial performance, the scale and cost of financing for business contacts remained stable.
The future financing environment for companies is expected to remain stable as a leader in the real estate sector. We believe that the net assets of companies expand or expand further as matching funds are raised.
Figure 55: Reduction in interest-bearing liabilities since 2018, maintaining steady growth
4.2 Equity refinancing: Reboot of the South Oil Acquisition and upgrade of the share of the former marine reserves to 4.2.1 transactions: completion of the “third arrow” initial registration period, close to the refinancing policy window period, re-energizing stock purchase of assets.
On 28 November 2022, the CSRC relaxed its refinancing policy by allowing listed companies to issue shares or pay cash to purchase housing-related assets, while allowing for the collection of matching funds.
Issuance of shares to purchase 24 per cent of the holdings of the Southern Oil Group, hiring of 2.89 per cent of pre-sea business holdings held by the Bureau of Investment Development, and collection of matching funds from specific investors of up to 35 persons for a private share at a price of $15.06 per share. As of 13 July, the assets subject to the company’s public announcement were completed, and the application for registration of the new non-publicized shares had been submitted to China.
After the transaction is completed, the South Oil Group will become a fully-owned subsidiary, with an increasing share in the pre-sea industry. After the acquisition of 24% of the holdings of the South Oil Group, the South Oil Group will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the vendor. The South Oil Group will mainly engage in the development, construction and operation of the park through direct and indirect ownership of the pre-sea industry.
After the conclusion of the deal, the share of the firm in the former industry rose by 13.65 pct to 85.99%. And the size of the asset liability was not affected, increasing the interest of the South Oil Group in the former industry.
The acquisition of assets by pre-business firms, which were former vendors and listed subsidiaries, does not affect indicators such as assets, liabilities, and asset-liability ratios of the parent company. Minority shareholders’ interests in the subject matter of the transaction are transformed into the parent company’s interests, thereby increasing the share of the parent company’s rights.
Expanding the share of high-quality resources in the former sea area. When this trade is completed, the share of the former sea snake vent that is held by the merchants will be 36.17 per cent (holding 72.34 per cent of the share of the former seafood industry that is held by the merchants) and the share of the former sea snake that is held by the former seafood industry that is invested in high-quality land resources in the Gulf of Haimo Bay, which will facilitate the development of the former sea snake trade zone and enhance the competitiveness of the company.
The project will be delivered mainly after September 2023, after which the equity model will be further expanded and the company’s performance will be strengthened this year and in the future.
4.2.2 Planning adjustments: Upgrade of the housing stock after the former sea regulations On 25th day, Shenzhen City agreed to allocate approximately 3.5 square kilometres of the former Gulf to the Commissariat as a “ICU zoo area” and in 2004 the Commissariat hosted the Southern Oil Group in a debt crisis, which received 76% of the equity in the replenishment.
The integrated plan for the former sea-deep port ' s modern services cooperation area was approved for entry into force, and the company ' s land tenure needs to be adapted to its planned uses.
In 2019, former sea assets of the former Sea Snake Ports became the subject of investment in the former Sea Mother Bay Zone. The former seafronts of the former Snake Ports Holdings Company, and the former seafronts of the former Maritime Authority, co-financing joint companies, developed their own trade investments in the former Sea Snakes, and the former seafronts of the former Seagates, hired the merchants to invest in the former Seafields, owned 42.53 million squares of land in the former Sea Mother Bay Zones, while the former Sea Dragons, which had been injected into the former Sea, owned the former sea-deep harbour.
As a result, the former sea trade indirectly holds land rights of approximately 806.2 million square metres in former seam Bay in Shenzhen, and is responsible for the development, construction and operation of former seamother Bay plots. After the replenishment, the former sea business acquired a 50% share in the development of the former sea snakes' self-investment, and the former sea snakes’ self-investments were listed by the merchants.
Figure 63: Ex-Snake Trade Equity Relationship 64: Location of former Hong Kong Mother's Bay Zone
Ex-sea authorities engaged in pre-sea business development, ex-sea construction investment holdings.
The ex-Snakes have invested in it, the ex-Sniffs have recruited a trader.
Figure 65: Increase in the value of indigenous storage in the former Haim Bay area of the company Shenzhen City Bureau of Statistics and Creary South Mountain Commodity Houses, value of unworked area = average cost of planned surfaces* 4.3 Auxiliary relief: signing of cooperation agreements with venture housing companies to increase capacity in the area of urban renewal
Since April 2022, agreements have been signed with venture housing companies for urban renewal, commercial development operations and travel.