The company’s shareholdings have been steadily growing for many years since it was re-listed on 10 August 2023.
The structure was more stable, and the group of major shareholders had been in absolute control since it was listed, and its performance had grown rapidly, with sales exceeding $300 billion by the end of 2021.
Division sales amounted to $292.6 billion and sales amounted to 1,257 million square metres; overall, sales performance was remarkable, with a strong increase to the bottom, and the real estate industry’s “third arrow” was launched.
On the same day, the company's firm's program was approved as the "third arrow" for equity financing. The company issued shares, raised $8.5 billion in matching funds, further strengthened the capital, strengthened the state's equity structure, and acquired the shares of the oil conglomerates and pre-sea industries to expand the company's control of quality resources in the former maritime region.
The research assistant, Xu Duk-jung, has a wealth of land reserves and quality repairs.
\triangleright, ex-Mother Bay earth reserves will increase by 80,62 million flats, and the total land reserves will increase significantly in the core areas of scarce land resources such as the former sea, snake mouths, etc. The company’s land structure will be driven by a strong policy of business rehousing in Shenzhen City.
The company continues to adhere to the three strategies of regional focus, deep urban farming, integrated development, and, in 2019, to unbundling the company’s under-architor companies.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 26.2 per cent over the same period; financial indicators: steady growth in revenue collection, short-term pressure on profits, optimization of financing costs, and high cash flows; company operating income has increased rapidly in recent years, with a combined annual increase in net profit returns from 15 to 22 years, respectively
Our company’s strengths in developing capacity and operating capacity will be highlighted. For the first time, it will be given a “recommended” rating. The risk of output impairment exceeds expectations; and the risk of policy change.
For 40 years, the Great Bay Region was re-opened and launched a new phase of development: “Foreport-Central Zone-Behind” and “Forty years”, the Great Bay Area.
The flagship company of the Integrated Urban Development Facility, which is also the only intra-group platform for the consolidation of real estate assets, maintains a strong synergy with other companies and businesses within the Group. The company’s predecessor, Sinoguchi Industrial Zone Limited, was founded in Shenzhen in 1979. In 2015, the company incorporated the merger into the re-marketing of the conglomerate.
During the rest of the year, the development of companies has gone through four main stages: (a) the start-up phase; (b) the focus phase; (c) the nationalization phase; and (d) the integrated development phase.
1.1.1 Initial phase of birth (1979-2002): stripping out of port operations, taking stock of real estate operations, taking advantage of snakes, deep-ploughing bay areas.
During the year, in conjunction with the reform and opening of the Shenzhen Viper Zone, the Department of Commerce and Industry established the real estate section of the Snakes Industrial Zone as the company’s predecessor. In 1984, the company became independent and became the real estate company of the Snakes Industrial Zone.
In 2001, the company removed its operations from the port and placed greater emphasis on the development of its real estate development operations. In this segment, the company’s real estate operations were carried out mainly in the Viper Industrial Zone, and in 2000, the company moved out of the Viper Zone and expanded its operations to other regions of Shenzhen City.
1.1.2 Operational focus period (2003-2006): de-chemicalization, focusing on the development of real estate, the removal of petrochemical distribution from Shenzhen and its transfer to other intra-group companies, and a full shift in the focus of marketing platform operations
In 2003, the company will increase its high-quality soil reserves and become a major business with a strong focus on the development of premises as a development strategy, transferring 10% of the stake in commercial petrochemicals under the flag to the snake-point industrial zone at a price of $61.69 million, 65% of the stake to the merchant logistics base at $40.0 billion.
In 2006, the company acquired $169 million in total revalued offers for real estate, and the industry managed to become a leader in the future company’s marketing platform.
At the same time, the company has actively moved out of Shenzhen and has entered the nuclear cities of Shanghai, Beijing and Nanjing and other cities in the Bay region. By the end of 2006, the company had laid out eight central and regional potential cities in China, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Beijing, Tianjin and Chongqing.
The Triangular and Rim Sea regions are actively expanding their scope of operations. The strategic layout of 30 cities, with rapid increases in sales, has been effective, and the layout strategy has been adapted to the city’s ability to adapt flexibly.
The strategic objective of strengthening national branding and setting up a national development strategy, real estate sales have begun to grow rapidly, and in terms of entry into cities, companies are committed to maintaining the first-line cities, actively expanding the second-line cities, choosing their way into the third-line cities.
In 2014, the 30-year target for 30-year-old cities was achieved, with an initial nationalization exercise completed. 1.1.4 Integrated operational development phase (2015-present): consolidated property operations are on the market, and the integrated development model of the former port-central zone-back town contributes to high sales growth.
In 2015, Combines absorbed the consolidated market property in the form of a share exchange, while at the same time raised $11.8 billion from eight specific clients to be placed on the market in the context of a deep-seated exchange of shares at a fixed price.
After the completion of business integration, the company was able to expand rapidly through a new cycle of real estate expansion in 2016. In 2017, the company sold hundreds of billions, amounting to $11,278 million, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period, and in 2019 only two years later, the company sold more than $200 billion.
In the first half of the year, corporate sales reached $166.2 billion. The rapid increase in corporate sales was due, on the one hand, to strong corporate support and, on the other hand, to the company’s unique model of integrated development of the “former port-central zone-back town” that enabled it to maximize its advantage in developing urban areas and industrial parks at the Shenzhen Viper for more than 40 years.
The stock structure is clear and stable, the firm ' s absolute ownership structure is stable, and the firm ' s firm has been in absolute control since it was listed.
59.53% and indirect ownership of 410 million shares, 5.3%, through fully-owned subsidiaries of the BMW ships, combined with a total of 5.0115 billion shares, representing 64.83% of the total shares, in absolute holdings. The second largest shareholder of the company, Hong Kong Central Bank Limited, and the fourth largest shareholder of the company, Beijing.
One hundred and eighty million shares, or 2.5 per cent and 1.04 per cent respectively, were held in Beijing under the banner of the All-China Corporation. The third largest shareholder, the National Social Security Fund, held 87 million shares, or 1 per cent.
In August 2019, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Sun, the Director of the Huu Young Army, the Chief Executive Officer of the Logistics Group of the Bureau of Recruitment, the Deputy Secretary of the Party and the Chief Manager of Business Property, held long-term management positions, with considerable experience in strategic decision-making and integrated planning management.
There are also Chiang Tiefeng, Zhang Junli, Liu Chang-song, Zhu Wen-Kai, and Rowley as non-independent members of the company's board of directors, of whom Chiang Tiefeng graduated from Qinghua University, became project manager at the Agency's Landing Company Ltd. until 2018, joined the company in August 2018 and is currently the director and managing director of the company.
1.3 The strong will be added to the bottom, and the “third arrow” from the real estate industry was first released on 17 June 2023, when the CSRC approved the company's programme to issue shares to purchase assets and raise the matching funds, and announced the results of the firm's planned incremental programme since December 2022.
The program consists of two majorities: 1) the company purchased 24% of Shenzhen South Oil (group) Ltd. under the banner of Shenzhen Investment Holdings Ltd. (substantially) Ltd. and the Bureau of Merchants Investment Development Ltd.
2.89% shareholding in the former China Business Development Company Ltd.; 2) Acquisition of matching funds from up to 35 eligible specific parties, including the Bureau of Commerce and Industry Investment Development Ltd. Increasing the capacity of the South Oil Group and the former sea industry in the former Sea Industry to enhance the storage capacity of the former Sea Area.
Once the deal is completed, the vendor will hold 100% of the firm’s shares, directly or indirectly, and the firm’s share will increase from 83.10% to 83.10%.
85.99. The company’s interest in pre-sea business has increased by about 13.65%. The South Oil Group holds mainly the assets of its former sea-based trading shares indirectly through the former sea-based industry. The former Sea-owned trade has some 806.2 million square metres of land tenure in former Sea-Mother Bay, and will take the lead in the development and construction of future ex-Mother Bay areas.
By increasing ownership, the company can effectively increase the value of its resources in the former sea area and further expand its soil storage advantage in the former sea area. On June 28, the relevant target assets were cleared.
In April 2023, no more than 35 companies were eligible for investment, including deep investment, recruitment bureau development, in the total amount of $5,02,295 million for fund-raising projects, all of which were fully utilized by the end of 2020.
In the case of specific clients, the sum of $8.5 billion will be collected through the issuance of shares, which will be used for stock-taking projects, replenishment of liquid funds, debt servicing, and not for grounding and development of new buildings. Upon completion of this transaction, further investment will be held in 5.47% of the shares of listed companies, up from 5% of the total shares of listed companies.
Businesses’ investment development will hold 1.75% of the shares of listed companies. These initiatives will help to improve the asset quality and profitability of companies, reduce the financial burden on companies, and enhance their financial strength and market competitiveness.
The company has developed a multi-dimensional and wide-ranging system of incentives, including employee holding schemes, equity incentives, projects and investment mechanisms, to fully motivate and motivate employees.
1) Stakeholder Scheme: The Stakeholder Scheme was launched in 2015 when the Merchant Combines were listed.
A total of 1403 persons, with 28.363 million shares in the SIP, accounted for the total equity of the company from 13 January 2006 to 12 January 2020, of which four SIP shares were transferred between January 2016 and January 2019.
2) Equity Incentives Scheme: The company introduced the equity incentive scheme in December 2016. The incentive target is a public dollar/equity, with three options in three years, valid for a period of five years, with the granting of equity options starting from the authorized date, after a two-year limitation period, the option can be unlocked once the conditions for the right to move have been met.
The percentage is 33.33%. The terms of the exercise can be read as b) the deduction of the non-net profit for each period of the right compared with the deduction of the non-net profit annual composite growth rate for the previous three fiscal years is not d) from the authorized period to the end of each instalment, subject to the fulfilment of the above-mentioned performance conditions.
At least 10 trading days, the price of the transaction was $23.34 or more for the company’s listing (after the right to do so) to encourage the target party’s viable rights.The actual value of the company’s completion was $7,631 million, $9,165 million and $7,762 million, respectively.
The target and transaction prices were met, the third period of non-net profit increases were not met (the third period of non-titles), and on 30 December 2020 the stock options were cancelled; the rest, such as the company core managers (11), core managers (178), core technicians (13) and the total number of awards (213), changed accordingly in the tenure announcement.
The total value is therefore slightly different from that of the original incentive scheme. 3) Projects and investment mechanisms: In June 2017, Commissariats took the lead in introducing the project and investment management system within the company, the first company to implement the follow-up system.