The Chinese ship (600150) reports an annual review of the ship's long line of deep adjustments, a steady decline in the harvest, and an extremely low level of seamen's business.
Chen Hsien Yan collected 946 million dollars, or 453% of the total. 2017q1, the company achieved $4.109 billion, the same year-on-year.
The Māori rate has recovered and the industry's bottom has now lost. 217q1, corporate sales, management, and revenue costs of 0.77,313,193 million, shipbuilding, seawork, power, three arrows to build the world's flagships.
The company is one of the largest, most technologically advanced and product-structured flagship ships in the country, and has developed a stronger market position. In shipbuilding, the company ' s product lines cover the three main fleets of bulk carriers, tankers, container ships, the total volume of shipbuilding and the production of machines.
For eight consecutive years, the total number and economic efficiency of shipbuilding at the Outer High Bridge has been steady, with 36 ships completed in 2011 as China’s first-ever shipbuilding, and the total number of shipworkers has broken through the 8 million-ton flagship shipyards; in maritime engineering, the sixth generation, 3,000.
The Mi-deep semi-submarine drilling platform “981” and the 150,000-tonne class per 300,000-tonne marine floating storage unit (fpso) represent the technological lead in marine engineering products. In power operations, companies have a 22-per-cent share in the global market for low-speed ships, and have continued to grow, stabilizing their position in the world.
Second, the medium speed machine was charged with 16 per cent more than in the same year, with 146 diesel engines and 31,600 horsepower completed throughout the year, with 243 diesel engines and 54.3 million horsepower completed, maintaining a steady growth trend.
In an environment of deep adjustment, the company has taken the initiative to restructure its products and to increase its focus on the small ship market, based on the strengthening of the main fleets such as container ships, tankers, vloc, gas ships, etc., making the seizure of orders the most urgent task for the enterprise. Moreover, in terms of product upgrading, the company is closely market-driven.
Report on Covering: China Shipping Group Core Folk Platform, Relocation Fields, Development of Optimization of Mainstream Ship Models, Accelerated Implementation of the Luxury Poster Project, Overcoming the Two-line Momentum of Marine Artisanal Design Period and Warming of the Ship Industry, 2016.12.21
Bottlenecks, transforming power and power operations into industrial chains and high-end value chains, and trying to break markets quickly. Under the business concept of a company that “takes ships, takes orders, adjusts its structures, captures its management,” we anticipate a certain improvement in the company’s performance.
The company, which is listed as the central owner of the Chinese Shipping Group, has a complete chain of ship industry and is an absolute leader in domestic ship manufacturing, and is expected to benefit first from the warmth of the maritime market. With the approval of the Chinese Securities and Insurance Regulatory Commission (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory board.