Weir shares (603501): high growth in performance, clear of doubt, roll-out of chip integration, Weir shares.
The company is mainly involved in the design and distribution of semiconductor products, with a net return profit of 1,201 million yuan ~ 1,402 million yuan in the middle q2 quarter, increasing on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of the year, mobile phone sales continued to grow at a very high rate in Weir’s shares, showing that half of the southeast Asian epidemic was affected by drivers of integrated chips, separate devices, power management, radio frequency devices and ic, mems microphone sensors, etc.
The second quarter of the South-East Asian epidemic has been repeated in the distribution of semiconductor products such as mobile phones, separation devices, and ic.
The supply and demand side of the market is more powerful, and the market has doubts about the company’s orders. The company relies on it. The company’s semiconductor separation devices and power management are more competitive, maintaining high profit growth in the face of market volatility.
As the overseas epidemic improves and smartphones arrive in the second half of the year, the company is producing.
It is expected that the advantages of integrity and competitive patterns will continue to be highlighted, with companies growing year-round, high-level product-specific products continuously released, and product structures optimized. Following the first 0.7-m64m map released last year, the company launched another 0.61m60 million worldwide in May this year, after the sensor (cis) had moved into high-end markets.
In the second half of the year, pixels are expected to launch 100 million pixel-class products. The company has evolved from a 52-week stock price range to an industry leader.
Based on the cis and continuous layout, the chip integration platform is now in place.
On top, building on accumulated chip technology and experience, continuously extending to tddi, power management chips, circulation b/h units (millions) radio frequency chips, etc., through mergers and acquisitions, moving the product from a more single image field to car electrons, etc.
The company’s market space ceiling is expected to increase even further. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we believe that the company, with its technological capabilities and platform-based layouts, could be able to build on the technology of the company.
Take full advantage of its current semiconductor industry. Companies are not expected to be on track in 2021-2023; companies are not on track to build their production lines.
Weir shares (603501): High performance breaks the doubt, chip integration takes off, and the East's financial and intellectual booms begin.
Chen Woo-chul Research Assistant Profile Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering, and worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group.
In 2019, he joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Weir shares (603501): high performance growth dispels doubts, and chip integration leads to the start.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.