On August 27, 2021, Weir shares published the semi-annual 2021 report and the company's 2021 shares (603501.sh)
The annual equity incentive scheme, which grants an interest of 11.6 million or 1.34% of the total equity of the company, involves a total of 2,162 persons. There has been a steady increase in profitability, with the semiconductor designing three business systems that are fully operational. q2 in the east in 2021.
In the context of the South Asian epidemic and the slowdown in the overall mobile phone market demand, the company, as a leading producer of cis, demonstrated strong supply chain control capacity and order stability, achieving a simultaneous increase in revenue and profit margins. 2q21 achieved a Māori ratio of 33.75 per cent (yoy+1.31 ptt, qaq+1.32 ptt), during the period
In the first half of 2021, the company semiconductor design business and the distribution business received $10,549 million (Yoy+53.07 per cent, while the main business income was 85.07 per cent) and $1,851 million (Yoy+62.91 per cent, the main business income was 14.93 per cent).
It will consist of three operational systems: image sensor solution, touch and display solution, and simulation solution, of which 1) Cis achieved revenue of $9,082 million (oy+51.31 per cent), representing 86.10 per cent of the semiconductor design business income, with the main Beijing Howie and Spico achieving net gains, respectively
(c) Simultaneous solutions 854 million yuan (Yoy+55.52 per cent) for programme products, in separate devices, power supply management.
New products have been introduced, including radio-frequency chips, some of which are at the top of the market. The cis field is well-structured, and multi-product lines are working together to launch a new journey. 1) The mobile phone cis area: product structure continues to be optimized, with a global launch of 0.61 m pixels.
Well: Leading Technology, Perception Infinite.
process. ov60a provides 60 million pixel resolution, in 1/2.8 inches of optical format, corresponding to the size of the public cycle '20211.06.30 sov32a product and 0.61 μm of pixels compared to the previous generation ' s 0.7 μm pixels
In the second half of the year, companies are expected to continue to roll out new items such as 100 million pixels, improve their product matrix, optimize their product structure, and expect a rising share of medium- and high-level products.
The market share of mobile phones is expected to continue to rise, leading to improved corporate profitability. 2) Automotive areas: As the world ' s second-largest car-cis supplier, companies are expected to use auto-driving Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. in the future.
Waves and their own technological advantages continue to capture market shares and maintain high growth in business. 3) Security areas: company nighthawk technology leads the market.
4) Medical cis area: 1h21 million for one-time and reusable endoscopic products, ccc technology support to take advantage of the market under a one-time endoscopic trend.
In addition to the Chis business, the company has continued to step up its research and development efforts in the areas of separate devices, analogic, radio frequency, tddi, etc., and has acquired tddi operations in the neo-Asian region for almost two years.
In addition, in June 2020, he participated in the launch of the Weihouse Genesis Industries Fund, which focuses on visual combinations, auto semiconductors, personal wear, power and signal chain products, integrated circuit manufacturing.
On April 22, 2021, Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Weir and announced strategic investments from Weihouse, mainly in the area of smart driving.
On August 27, the jlsemi view semiconductor formed a semiconductor joint venture with Weller to focus on vehicle-borne video transmission chips. Equity incentives to show confidence, deep binding of employee interests and company development.
A total of 11.6 million equity grants are proposed for the incentive audience, representing 1.34 per cent of the total equity of the company, and no more than 8 million equity options (approximately 0.92 per cent of the total equity), corresponding to 1972, no more than 3.6 million grants for the incentive target, 2 executives and 188 core technology (industry)
The objectives of the performance appraisal for this equity incentive scheme are based on figure 1: Weir shares and profit performance.
Figure 3: Cost rates over the life of Weir shares, Figure 4: Research and development costs for Weir shares, billions of dollars, Figure 5: Revenues and operating cash flows from Weir shares, billions of dollars
Figure 6: Net profit and operating net cash flow of Weir shares (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Stock holdings of Weir shares (millions of yuan)
In 2017, in Pacific securities, in 2018, in sales securities, and in 2020, in Sinda securities, in the electronics industry, the Golden Bull Award of 18/19 was ranked 3/2 in the electronics industry.
Li Xiaoqing, M.A., Wuhan University, in 2018, in South-West Securities, in 2020, and in the semiconductor industry. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, joined the Sinda Securities, in 2020, and became familiar with the consumer electronics industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.