Events: On 30 June 2021, Weir shares issued a performance forecast for the semi-annual 2021 report, and company shares for Weir (603501.sh)
In 2021, q2 showed strong supply chain control capacity and stable orders, against the background of an outbreak in South-East Asia and a slowdown in demand for mobile phones as a whole.
And, in the context of high upstream capacity supply, firms still guarantee a stable supply and growth of productive capacity, and are expected to continue to grow by more than 30% throughout the year; and with new launches in the second half of the year,
In the area of smart phones, the company launched the global launch in May 2021 with a high-resolution 4k-pixel image sensor ov60a.
The inch optical format, which corresponds to the size of the company ' s ov32a product, represents a 24 per cent reduction in the area of 0.61 μm pixels compared to the previous generation of 0.7 μm pixels, with higher quantum efficiency, better collusiveness and angular response, mainly applied to front-and-back cameras of high end mobile phones, and is expected to be released from q3 on a continuous basis.
With new items such as ov50a (1 μm, 1/1.5") and v60a (0.61 μm, 1/2.8") released by the company in the first half of the year, new items such as 100 million pixels are expected to continue to be launched in the second half of the year, the corporate product matrix is improving, the product structure is improving, the share of medium- and high-level products is expected to increase, and the market for cellular cis is expected to grow.
In the field of cis, multi-product lines are working together to launch a new journey. In addition to mobile phone is, corporate cis is growing rapidly in a number of areas, such as automobiles, security, medical care, etc.
As the world's second-largest car-cis supplier, the company is expected to continue to capture market shares and maintain high business growth through auto-drive waves and its own technological advantages; in the field of security sciences, company night, eagle technology leading the market, with smooth deliveries to multiple customers in the first half of the year, achieving high growth; and in the field of medical cos
In this area, the company recently launched an $8 million for one-time and reusable endoscopic products, and CccT was able to pre-empt the market in the light of a one-time endoscopic trend.
Increased research and development in the areas of separation devices, analogues, radio frequency, tddi, etc., nearly two years ago, the acquisition of Xinx Asia tddi operations, the strengthening of Shaan Jidis in the field of master chip fields, the creation of new lines of related products such as vs, fingerprint identification, etc., are constantly ending.
In addition, in June 2020, I participated in the launch of the Weihouse Genesis Fund, which focuses on cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
Five core tracks, visual combinations, auto semiconductors, personal wears, power and signal chain products, integrated circuit manufacturing suits, and five core tracks, 9th House of the City of the West End in Beijing, and materials, are constantly accumulating and storing high-quality industrial resources and building a platform half.
Investment advice. Company performance based on the company ' s business performance in the first half of the year and future trends in the industry
Figure 6: Net profit and operating net cash flows from Weir shares (billions) Figure 7: Stock holdings from Weir shares (billions) Figure 8: Receivables from Weir shares (billions)
However, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been an active participant in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, has foreign experience in the field, such as instruments in Texas, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early on. In 2017, in 2017, in 2018, in the Pacific, in 2018, in the hiring of securities, in 2020, in the ICT industry.
Li Shunqing, Master of Arts from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, and Semiconductor Industrial Chains. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.