Weir shares h1 performed as expected, multi-business driven growth, high growth in business lines, and a steady increase in the Māori ratio.
The income was $10,549 million, compared to 85.07 per cent, an increase of 53.07 per cent. Of this amount, the cos image sensor realized an operating income of $9,082 million, or 86.10 per cent, of the design business;
Amounted to 5.81%, bringing new profit growth points to companies; simulation solution revenue increased by percentage points on a year-on-year basis, with half-conductor design having a Māori rate of 36.02%, an increase of 1.3 percentage points on a year-on-year basis.
The company also developed and launched a global front line of 0.61um pixel high resolution 4k image sensor ov60a for high end mobile phones pre- and post-camera cameras. Mobile phones have a clear competitive advantage in high-resolution pre- and hyper-angled after-section applications.
The new upgrade will further enhance the company’s competitiveness in the market for cellular cos image sensors, which will help to increase the company’s presence in the market. Cars lead with cos image sensor technology, and the number of beneficial car cameras increases.
The car market has been working for many years, with the comcos image sensor technology leading the car, developed the hare combination algorithm that can provide both excellent hdr and lfm energy, a double-transformation gain technology that can significantly reduce motion prostheses and separate pixels that can be captured across the vehicle.
High-performance within temperature range. By working with leading international car visual technology companies, companies can provide high-quality image solutions for back-view cameras (rvc), landscape displays (svs) and electronic rear-view mirrors that are more cost-effective.
Using omnicipixel3-gs pixel technology and the image sensor developed by the RGb-ir global fast-door technology, an accurate and complete in-car sensor solution is possible. With industry’s leading car-cis technology, companies will benefit in depth from the growth of the size of the car camera market.
Q1 shares: q1 performance overexpected, multi-product line platform type
Smart phone demand is not as high as expected and supply chain capacity is not as high as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.