2021h1 performance in excess of expectations, “cis+mocking” ecological platform into harvest period — performance advance report point assessment event for 2021h1: companies issue annual performance advance announcements for the year and a half 2021
The growth in corporate performance has been due to the company’s continuous enrichment of product types and the integration of business systems and product lines, the coordination role of business systems and the partial return on investment.
Image sensors, with 10 per cent of the global smartphone cis city. Cis products cover specifications ranging from 8 m to 64 m. 48m series products with international first-line quality Low/highest in a year:
And performance is rapidly increasing in clients such as hmov; 64m products, with an advance advantage, are now up to a level of 48m to 64m. Mobile phone cis technology drives up their share of power. Tsr predicts that, by 2022, pre-record image sensors with resolution over 40 million pixels will be delivered.
Hundreds. According to Strategyanalytics, Howie's share of the global smartphone sciss city reached 10% in 2020. On May 10, 2021, HowieTech published a global headline for high-end pre- and post-mixel 4k-resolution image sensors - ov60a image sensors.
instrument, in 0.61 micro-pixel dimensions, 1/2.8 in optical format, 60 million pixels resolution in one body, capable of producing 15 million pixels or 4k/2k video with eis resolution at 60 frames/second speed, and supporting staggered hdr timing to achieve high dynamic range video.
Small pixel breakthroughs have built up the ability to provide customers with a full set of products from the lower to the middle to the upper end, matching the Andre system strategy, enabling companies to move from a single model breakthrough to a customer-wide product, and companies to continuously upgrade technology, introducing innovative products and thus significantly increasing their share.
In April 2020, to increase the layout of products in the field of touch and display drive chip business. The company acquired a single chip-based LCD and display drive from synapticsincorpolated.
2021-04-16. Significant growth in 2021.
The annual income from semiconductor product design and development operations is 4.31%, and the Māori rate is only 2021-04-07 24.03%.
Overperformance, Cis benefited from a continuous increase in multi-track demand. Trendforce predicted a sustained growth in cellular tddiic delivery in 2021.
760 million, an increase of 8.57 per cent in the same year; flat-plate tddiic shipments reached 95 million, and q3 profits improved considerably, with high-level cis performance breakthroughs compared to growth of 46.2 per cent.
The business Māori rate will increase further. As the smartphone lcdtddi program rises year by year, Merger and Purchasing Howe Camp takes a net profit to get on the stairs with a little face, optical innovation leads to long 2020-08-21.
The demand for tddi has been growing steadily. In the context of the high industry climate, the company’s tddi operations are expected to continue at a very high price in the second half of the year, thanks to the advantages of group supply chains and distribution channels.
Simulates the effects of the ecological platform at first sight. In the case of separation devices, the company has designed a new tvs device with the characteristics of the scr process based on the conventional diode process. In the field of radio frequency devices, the Veer semiconductor has recently been launched.
wws7804lma, vws7802la, vws7822le three 5g radio frequency switches with low penetration wear and tear, high port isolation features to support high frequency 6ghz applications. In the field of medical applications, Howe introduced a new medical crystal-crystal camera module in March to enhance microscopic eyeglasses
Imaging mass; in June 2021, the company released the next generation of images of oh08a and oh08bcmos Sensors - the first 8 million pixel resolution sensors for a one-time and reusable use of endoscopes. In the area of automobiles, in April 2021, the company released the first compatible use of modular nvidia
With regard to laptop computers, in May 2021, the company released its first 1/7 inch 2 million pixel image sensor ov02c, which can be used for narrow border laptops, tablets and mobiles.
In the area of vr/ar, the company has built an automated wrapping line for 12-inch lcos crystal-class LCD and continuously updates and upgrades the lcos panel module The process technology provides faster, lower power and volume improvements for visual applications of worn equipment such as vr/ar
Small smart display programmes. The company's early deployment of industrial chains, enhanced autonomous R & D, expanded good industry partnerships, combined high synergies, multi-tracking, various fields, and further opened up new areas where the company, as the leader of national production, has become the world's first-tier team, with a high number of mobile phones + high quality.
With the prevailing trend, mobile phone cis city coverage is expected to increase, car cis operations are expected to break out quickly, and there is a rapid deployment of high synergy, multi-track, multi-sector linkages in a wide range of areas, including security, vrar, medical care, and future cis deliveries are expected to continue. We expect company revenue to continue to grow in 2021-2023.