On September 16, 2021, the company issued an announcement on the granting of stock options to the incentive audience, which was directed towards the 1962 core.
\triangleright \triangleright
The company granted no more than 7.95 million options to 1962 core technicians (281.4 yuan/shares), representing high growth in the public > motor vehicles, vr/ar multi-sectors, and continued with the upgrading of cellular ciss. In 2020, the company cis generated nearly 15 billion yuan in volume revenue, with a negative growth of 51 per cent.
Downstream multi-area applications have erupted and future cis growth is high: 1) Automobiles: the next extreme of optical track growth, up to 11-15 video cameras for future vehicle allocation, and pixels have been upgraded
Up to 2-8m. 21h1 works well with solution manufacturers such as Weida and smarteye, and vehicle-borne operations are expected to break out. 2) vr/ar: vr products cut into consumer-grade applications, a forward-looking lcos technology with a 12-inch lcos production line, with an annual capacity of 600,000 and a growing dynamic energy. 3) Cell phone: benefits from high pixel penetration, and in the future,
The company’s 48m, 60m, a rise in revenue. In May 2021, the company first released 0.61 microm products, with 60 m in pixels, to become a killer-class product.
The company's multi-chip platform is big, with 21h1 generating $613 million, or 5.81 per cent of the design base, and 1.5 per cent higher than at year's end. The company's merger and purchase of Giddis electronics, power and back-loading of tddi and dddic products. The simulation yields 854 million yuan, or 55.5 per cent, or 8.1 per cent of the design camp.
The frequency chip provides the country’s first multi-mode/multi-frequency new structure RF chip, the latest two 5g application radio-frequency devices, 56 times the size of the sw electron pe, and, given that the company is a cos leader, we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. Epidemic control is not as high as expected, China’s trade friction is escalating, and downstream customers are delivering less than expected.
1. On Weir shares (603501): performance meets expectations, o2 is persistently high Advance points: performance ring continues to grow and reverse is on the rise
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.