Weir shares (603501.sh) 1h21 performance over-expected, maintaining buy-in advice
At the same time, companies are accelerating their research and development of new products, and the city’s share continues to rise. Looking ahead, the cis industry continues to climb, and the company’s market position is further strengthened by acquiring new ideas and tddi, and the company’s future product lines in the mobile phone sector continue to grow. Given that 2021 companies outperform their expectations, the semiconductor industry continues to do so.
The reason why the previous valuation should be 56 and 44 times higher, taking into account the scarcity of company operations and the fact that there is no alternative to national production, is that the company ' s performance has grown significantly in the first half of the year and is better than expected is that, against the backdrop of the rising industry landscape, the company ' s R & D manufacturing capacity is growing and its profitability is increasing further.
Downstream demand in the cis industry is high, and the company-market ratio is expected to rise; after three years of recession, the global mobile phone market is expected to decrease as the impact of the epidemic declines and the 5g lead-over demand institutional investors account for the share of the liquidity a
As a result, the global cell phone is expected to grow by two digits in 2021, while car cis needs will return to high growth in the context of a higher level of autopilot, with the company as the leading global cis company, with a sustained acceleration in the pace of product R & D, with a similar product of 60 m/0.6u for the 1h21 new item
The minimum size characteristics of the product, the performance guidelines, are industry leaders, and the market share of the company and the scope for performance improvement remain significant as the replacement of national production accelerates. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.