2021h1 performance is in line with expectations.
Fu Chu Hung's performance is in line with expectations, and o2 negative growth demonstrates corporate resilience at 2021.2 companies, with $6.2 billion in revenues, 48 per cent in growth and 0.4 per cent in ring growth, and 1.2 billion in net return to the mother.
The company's performance in the second quarter of the e-consumption season is still on the same scale, with ring growth, which we think is the result of a higher share of the company, an optimal product structure and a partial rise in the price of the product, which reflects the firm's resilience. Looking forward, we think that the company will be able to do the same for the rest of the year.
Mobile phones are growing steadily, and the number of mainstream cameras is slowing down, but the demand for high pixel cameras continues to grow.
In the first half of the year, the first global package of 0.61 microm products was launched, with pixels reaching 60 m, and given the trend of high-pixel cameras towards medium- and low-priced mobile phone penetration, we believe that companies will continue to raise the market share of low- and medium-end mobile phones back-to-back.
The field is expected to grow from $900 million in 2019 to $1.9 billion in 2023, the fastest-growing downstream applications, the company’s second-largest share of the car’s market, and its future share will continue to rise. Meanwhile, the company issues a first payment for the endoscope medical level.
tddi's rapid growth, simulating chips with a lot of flowering, corporate platform strategy progressing well after the company acquired synaptics, and 2021h1 company tddi's operations were successfully integrated.
After receiving $610 million, which represents 5.8 per cent of semiconductor design operations, the company tddi product td 4375 continues to produce in a number of projects with first-line mobile phone brand clients, while the company completes the remaining 30 per cent acquisition of synaptics, which will accelerate the integration of tddi operations.
The company simulated chip products, including separation devices, power tubes, control chips, radio frequency chips, etc., and the 2021h1 simulated solution business generated $850 million, or 55% of the same, in the future, given the current simulation of chip heights and national production substitution trends.
Corporate simulation solutions will continue to grow rapidly. Companies, as domestic semiconductors, have made positive advances in the platform layout, allowing for distribution channels, sharing of customer resources, and long-term development space between different businesses in the future.
Long and national production substitution trends are expected to further strengthen the future leader position by maintaining the “pulls of company depth reports_Wear shares: the risk of replacing the east wind with national production, the risk of an increase in the price of the production deficit.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
China’s Academy of Sciences has a doctorate in engineering, a master’s degree in engineering at Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in economics at the People’s University of China, and a bachelor’s degree in engineering at Tianjin University. Joined the China Galaxy Certificate Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology.