High-quality offshore oil and gas company, value and growth incident: On the evening of 27 April 2023, China Sea Oil released its report for the first quarter of 2023. China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
During the quarter, the company achieved business income of $97,711 million, an increase of 7.50 per cent in the same year and a decline of 12.04 per cent in the ring; net return profit of $32,213 million, a decrease of 6.38 per cent in the same year and a decline of 2.49 per cent in the ring; and sustained growth in the output of the company, but influenced by fluctuations in international oil prices, with 202,311 performance in the same year and in the ring.
+8.54 per cent, of which oil and liquid production was 128.4 million barrels, corresponding to 7.36 per cent, natural gas production 207.5 billion cubic feet, corresponding to 12.77 per cent, and offshore oil and gas production 48.6 million barrels, corresponding to comparison to comparison with research assistant in the Hoyo culture petrochemical industry
Million barrels, +5.49% of the same year, mainly as a result of increased production from new oil fields. In terms of gas prices, 2023q1, the average Brent crude oil price was $82.10 per barrel, compared to 16.14%, and the ring was covered for the first time in China Ocean Oil (0883.hk).
Report: High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends, China and China oil oil, oil price fluctuations and deeper price discounts achieved by corporate oil, resulting in a slight decline in profits by 20231 in comparison to year and ring.
" First approved " , " Rehabilitation of oil rights in China and China plus elasticity of performance " , 2022.02.25 " Release of " Returna " , " Accelerating landing " , " High oil prices + low valuation + "
This expenditure of 24,736 million yuan, i.e. 46.10 per cent, of which 4,919 million yuan was spent on exploration, 15,804 million yuan on development and 3,863 million yuan on production, providing a strong guarantee for future production increases.
Valuation + high dividends continued to be realized, with China-China oil ahead of the year - 7.75 per cent, mainly due to lower oil prices resulting in reductions in taxes other than income tax, other taxes including, inter alia, resource taxes, value-added taxes on cooperation blocks, municipal maintenance taxes and education surcharges
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The China Sea Oil Project; depreciation, depreciation and decrease in amortization are the combined effects of changes in the structure of production and exchange rate movements; the fall in operating costs is mainly due to the amortization of higher than expected production abroad.
" 2201 Prospective + Special for 21 years with barrel oil operation costs of $6.99 (same-$0.53), depreciated and amortized barrel oil distribution, high oil prices + low valuation
US$ 14.22 (same-$0.72) and US$ 1.06 (same-$0.05) for barrel oil disposal (high oil prices + low-cost + increased production, aid (same-$0.95).
\triangleright 2022q3 performance presupprisingly positive, with $11 billion, the largest increase of 7.32% over the same year, of which exploration, exploitation and production expenditures were respectively
2022.10.17 Sea oil and gas taps 2023.03.29 Highlights of the 19-6 condensed gas fields [phase of development project, 12-3 oil field development] in China
The project, as well as the Brazilian mero 2 project abroad, the Guyana Payara project, etc., together yield a maximum of 162,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in support of the company’s future production objectives.
It is believed that China Sea oil will continue to grow steadily in terms of oil and gas production and corporate profitability, driven by the domestic stock build-up policy and the implementation of the seven-year action plan by China Ocean Oil Group Ltd.
In the 2023 strategic vision of China Sea Oil, the city of Beijing, the city of Beijing, the 9th House of the House of the City of the West End, has a certain amount of room for growth, high dividends + low valuations and a high-quality investment value.
The rate of payments reached 42.67%, leading the industry. On the other hand, companies have shown greater profitability, weaker volatility, and better asset quality than other oil companies in the oil price cycle.
The company’s h-sharepb is less than one-fold, a-sharepb is about one-and-a-half-fold, and there is significant scope for value restoration. Ten million barrels per day, occ-plus supplies are continuously tightened, or the price of oil is an important support for maintaining the upper-most position.
By the end of 2022, the strategic reserve stock of the United States is nearing completion and will be of limited use, with the United States entering a replenishment cycle in 2023, with 72 dollars per barrel of repossessable oil prices, taking into account the high quality of the shale wells, which are already heavily depleted, and the United States shale oil company being subject to investor constraints (reding, repurchase, repurchase, etc.).
Debt repayments, supply-chain shortages, high inflation costs, government clean energy policies, a combination of factors, limited growth in capital spending and a low willingness to increase production, are expected to slow down the growth in United States crude oil production in 2023. Moreover, production in South America’s crude oil-producing regions, such as Brazil and Guyana, has gradually increased, but has increased.
It's limited, and it's hard to change the high supply tension. So, we expect that in 2023 there will be insufficient supply elasticity, that China's economic recovery will boost global demand for crude oil, and that the oil price hub will be expected to maintain a high profit forecast and investment rating: we predict the company's net profits for 2023-2025, respectively.
The prices are 6.69, 6.52 and 6.07 times higher, h shares are at the absolute bottom of the range and are significantly below industry levels, and enjoy high dividends. We maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a and h shares.
Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; low productivity growth in companies \triangleright and expected risks: economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
Member of the Board of Nuclear Experts, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal- and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, and in June 2016 joined Sunda securities research and development.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Nanjing University of Finance, have been responsible for research on large energy plates such as securities and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in vanity, and applied research in proposed power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Programme in July 2022.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for a Master of Science in Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Southwest University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.