On April 27, 2023, China Sea Oil released the company's first quarter report of 2023.
2023q1 achieved business income of $97,711 million, an increase of 7.50 per cent in the same year; net profit of $32,113 million, a decrease of 6.38 per cent in the same year; corporate performance continued its strong momentum of 2022; and the advantage of growing scarce assets with a 23.9 per cent drop in oil prices on the same year was obtained
1. China Sea Oil Company Qualifications: Confirmation of the high level of innovation and scarcity of reserves High-level oil price concussions in the center of the oil price and high level of certainty in the performance of stock assets: Company 2023q1 former 2. Quantities up, cash good! - China Sea Oil Tri-quarter Review.
The average price of Brent's crude oil today is approximately $82.48 per barrel, and oil prices are expected to remain high throughout 2023, and stock capacity performance continues to be robust. The current international crude oil supply is tight, opc+ announces another voluntary reduction of 1.65 million barrels per day, and US crude oil production has increased.
A limited amount, and the US will go into a continuous reservoir after the last release of 26 million barrels in 2023q2. Meanwhile, crude oil will continue to stay strong with Europe and America, Asia and the Pacific will recover, crude oil demand will either continue to warm, and future oil prices will continue.
Keeping middle high, with firm stock asset performance being more certain. Large quantities of high-quality incremental assets opening up future growth space: 2023q1 capital spending.
The Brazilian Mero2 Project and the Guinaya Payara Project for condensation of gas fields [phase development project and 12-3 oil field development project and overseas], etc., 2023q1 oil and gas production, we look forward to the steady stability and sustainability of future companies' performance in the middle of oil prices.
(1) Production of oil and gas fields is not proceeding as fast as expected; (2) crude oil supply and demand is abnormally disturbed; (3) energy policy and sanctions impact on business operations: (4) exchange rate risk.1 Crude oil supply + global demand recovery, with firm performance in the future
China Sea Oil released its company ' s first quarterly report of 2023 on 27 April 2023, which recorded a revenue of 97.711 billion yuan in 2023q1, an increase of 7.50 per cent in the same year; net profit of 32.113 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.38 per cent in the same year; company performance of 2023q1 Brent crude oil price center maintained a medium-high shock; and stock asset performance was strong.
The average oil price achieved was $74.17 per barrel, a 23.9 per cent decrease in the same year, and the average price of Brent crude oil at the beginning of 2023 so far is approximately $82.48 per barrel. Oil prices are expected to maintain medium-high shocks throughout 2023 and stock capacity performance is expected to remain robust. Current international crude oil supply is tight, opc+ announced voluntary reduction of 1.65 million barrels per day, United States crude oil production increases are limited, and United States crude oil production is limited.
The country will continue to replenish the reservoir after the last release of 26 million barrels in 2023q2. At the same time, with the continued robustness of Europe and America, the intensity of the Asia-Pacific region’s movement will recover, the demand for crude oil will either continue to warm, the price of oil will remain medium-high in the future, and the firm’s future performance will be more certain.
In 2023, the company is expected to launch nine new projects, mainly the 19-6 Crete Gas Fields [periodic development project] in China’s maritime areas and the 12-3 Land Fountain Oil Field Development Project, as well as the Brazilian Mero 2 project and the Guinayapayara project abroad.
The output of 2023q1 reached 164 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.54 per cent over the same period, and the company's future performance, or the level to be realized, was not as fast as expected: the oil and gas field was a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of the field could occur.
Unusual disturbance of crude oil supply and demand: geopolitical events such as changes in the Russian-Ukrainian situation, advancement of Iran's nuclear agreement and lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or uncertainty at the end of supply, coupled with the possibility of oil companies modifying their production plans when crude oil prices remain high, and the possibility of a further increase in the size of the released reserves in the United States, resulting in an increase in the short-term marginal supply of crude oil in the United States,
The Fed’s interest or dollar-led index is strong, and the dollar index is usually a negative trend in relation to crude oil prices, assuming that it raises interest rates or disturbs crude oil prices. Energy policy and sanctions have an impact on business operations: companies have large offshore hydrocarbon assets and offshore hydrocarbon assets.
Development and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming that energy policies in countries where hydrocarbon assets are located change or have an impact on business operations; trade and economic sanctions resulting from the deterioration of relations between different countries may have a significant adverse impact on intra-industry business operations, existing assets or future investments, while different levels of United States federal, state or local government
For example, the United States Department of Commerce placed companies on the list of entities or had a negative impact on their international trade. 4 Exchange-rate risk: global crude oil prices were denominated mainly in United States dollars, while companies also had some assets in overseas markets, but not public.
Divisional financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a transfer of money to the company ' s performance