Incidents: On 25 April, the Episcopal Bank issued a quarterly report for the year 2024. 24q1 generated 57.8 billion yuan (Yoy+4.2 per cent); the mother ' s net profit was $24.3 billion (Yoy-3.1 per cent); the negative rate was 1.07 per cent, with a provision coverage of 246 per cent.
+9.4 pct; net profit return continues to grow negatively, but the decrease is significantly narrower than at the end of the 23 years. Specifically, net interest income of 24q1 increased by 4.2 pct at a faster rate than at the end of the 23 years. In non-interest income, 24q1 is optimized and cost controls are effective to support the recovery of net interest income. 1) The asset end structure is optimized.
The total assets of the bank at the end of 24q1 and the total loans at the end of 24q1 amounted to +4.4 per cent and +7.9 per cent, respectively, to a slower rate than in the end of 23 years. However, the total loans at the end of 24q1 amounted to 54.1 per cent of the total assets, up from the end of 23 years.
At the end of the year, the ratio of loans to the current total was reduced to 3.9 per cent. The credit structure was optimized.
The asset quality is generally stable, and the risk countervailing capacity is relatively adequate.
The increase in the value scale will affect the release of profits, but on the one hand it is the need for the current poor disposal and solid performance base; on the other hand, the recovery is reflected in warmth, and the current effective disposal of stock risks can bring “three business cards” to the subsequent profit release, and the “Five Races” accelerates.
2) At the same time, impairments are well prepared to ensure a certain level of risk offset, with 24q1 Employer Bank receiving +4.2 per cent of the 24q1 income of the same year, and the net return to the mother, while still declining from the same year, has dropped significantly by a margin of 5 (601166.sh) in the year 2022:
Narrow: The performance of net interest differentials has been strong, and the continuation of excellent investment performance on public loans has supported a better rate of increase in net interest income; while the current mitigation of risk has led to a downward pressure, the current pressure can provide a strong basis for subsequent business developments.
\triangleright Figure 2: Net interest income and rate of increase (cumulative) at end of 24q1 from GIV banks Figure 3: Other non-interest income at end of 24q1 from GIV banks at same rate (cumulative)
Figure 5: Total liabilities at end of 24q1, total deposits at year-on-year rate, Figure 6: Net interest difference at end of 24q1 (cumulative value, disclosure value)
Figure 8: Interest rate at end of 24q1 by Employer Bank Figure 9: Employer Bank Provision Level at end of 24q1 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.