Recovering from the epidemic boosted growth, and research and development increased precipitously, Emerières (300896), tri-quarter review in 2022.
Wei Hongmei has recovered from the epidemic in the third quarter, and the company has performed well. On a quarterly basis, in the third quarter of 2022, the company's operating income in the first quarter exceeded $600 million, an increase of 55.15 per cent over the previous quarter.
In the third quarter of 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of $401 million, creating a new quarterly income share in the first line of cities under stricter and longer-term control. As the epidemic began to improve, the country’s offline operations, courier logistics, etc., were gradually returning to normal, and second-quarter consumption of medicine and the United States was curtailed.
The demand has been gradually released to boost the growth in sales of medically-American products, adding to the company’s combined strength of old and new products, which has boosted the company’s performance in the last three quarters. The company’s three-quarter rate of re-innovation and high investment in research and development has continued.
The Māori rate for corporate sales was 94.94%; the same-year increase was 0.92 percentage points, and the ring was 0.61 percentage points. For a single-quarter Māori rate, the company’s Māori rate was re-innovated, and we assumed that it was mainly due to the rapid penetration this year of the public high-end new product, which “bringed” the needles into the market during the day.
In terms of net interest rates, in the third quarter of 2022, the net interest rate on corporate sales was 66.34 per cent, the cost of payments amounted to $50 million, an increase of more than 187 per cent over the same period, the cost of R & D rose by 3.84 per cent over the same period, medical regulations were tightened, industry specialization was regulated in favour of greater concentration, and companies took note.
This year, the National Institute of Medicine adapted the Catalogue of Medical Devices to include translucent sodium solution with water-photo needles, orthopaedic orthopaedic and general surgical implants. In addition, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Beijing, Wuhan, etc., are beautifully placed in all areas of the country.
Healthy industrial parks promote the formalization and specialization of the market for medical beauty. Legal compliance, coupled with local government regulatory support, helps to promote healthy developments in the health-care industry, which is expected to benefit first-hand from industry-wide growth, branding, variety and quality of products.
Investment proposals: The company focuses on medicinal beauty products, which are the country’s frontlines for bouria needles, and enjoys a medical bonus in the industry. The company’s medical beauty line is gradually being enriched, the new paint needles are being promoted well, and the new product market is less acceptable than expected.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.