The lead business is strong and the performance growth is in line with expectations The company base (RMB) is 46 per cent higher than the previous year; the return net profit is 990 million yuan, 40 per cent higher than the previous year; the deduction is not the net return to the mother
In the third quarter alone, the company achieved a revenue of $60 million, an increase of 55 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $40 million for the mother, an increase of 42 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $390 million for the non-return mother, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year.
Increased product competitiveness and brand influence, as well as a steady increase in market ownership and penetration. The system displays strong product and channel recognition and maintains high growth; the new product brings up the market during the day.
As the industry becomes more regulated and compliance products become more superior, it is expected that future corporate production will continue to grow in volume, leading to higher performance.
The climate is expected to continue to rise, with strong, well-developed existing products and rapid penetration of new products. Corporate cost structures are optimized and profitability is raised with greater certainty.
4. As the new market matures, it is expected that corporate sales costs will decrease further and overall profitability will increase.
In addition, the company has completed the iii phase of clinical entry by injecting a type A botulinum toxin product.
In addition to injecting-type products, companies have started to develop second-generation facial implants, and a rich product structure is more likely to meet diversified market demands.
There is uncertainty about the development of the epidemic: product R & D is not proceeding as fast as expected: competition in the market for bouriate products is increasing yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn, leading to the risk of a decline in net interest rates: market diffusion is not as high as expected.