On October 26, 2022, high growth resumed in the third quarter, and demand for the United States of America remained strong.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually faded and three quarters of performance has risen: the company has been operating in the third quarter of the single quarter, thanks to Monxi for cutting off net profits of $395 million, an increase of 52.26 per cent.
In the event of a rebound of the quarterly epidemic, performance has remained steady, showing the company's ability to operate during the day to make the promise of a new growth pole: 1) Solvents: the company's core product, the big consumer approval and demand as the only approved neck tattoo product in the country.
The penetration rate has continued to rise, leading to steady growth in sales and is expected to continue; 2) Solution type: the high end of the day, where the paint needle product has made it possible to spread well since it was marketed in July 2021, and we expect to accelerate its use during the third quarter of the day, with a further increase in the collection ratio, which will yield more than $100 million.
Enter, the ring ratio is nearly 100% higher. On the basis of the good slogans that accumulated at the end of consumption during the day, we believe that the subsequent release is expected to be more than expected, and that its relay is becoming another increase in the company's performance.
In addition, in recent years, health sector regulatory policies have become more stringent, and market compliance is now relatively deep at 300.
The water and light needles (incorporated into the regulation of medical devices at level iii) have only a high-speed system under the flag of América, a living, a bubble needle and two to three other rare products, so we believe that the concentration of the medical market is likely to increase further, and that the company, as a competitive compliance leader in the medical industry, has a share in the market.
In the study of a wide variety of products, R & D fosters new energy: in the first three quarters of the company R & D costs 115 million tons, R & D costs 7.73 per cent, an increase of 2 percentage points from the same period, and Wang uses Ding to promote his products, including mainly second-generation facial implants (expected to be marketed in 2024), meat poisons.
And so on, there's a variety of high-quality, high-quality, sub-tracks. And, driven by high-level R & D inputs, companies compete for multiple investment proposals: companies as domestic medical champions, core products are growing robustly, high-value-added products are released faster during the day, pipelines are moving in an orderly manner, and we expect companies to be able to do so.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.