Emmett's beauty care (300896), with slightly higher expectations, business resilience highlights the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net profit is 990 million yuan (+40 per cent) for the mother; the net profit is 970 million yuan (+44.1 per cent) for the parent; the income is 610 million yuan (+55.2 per cent) for the third quarter alone: the net profit is 400 million yuan (+41.6 per cent) for the mother; the net profit is 400 million yuan (+52.3 per cent) for the mother.
• Low penetration rates of star products, and continued release, leading to an increase in Māori rates. By the third quarter of 2022, Māori rates were higher.
94.6%, an increase of 1.1pp compared to the same period last year, is expected to result from the release of corporate star products. The company’s star products, “Hitty” and its derivatives, tycoon panda needles, and daytime panda needles, are still at low levels of penetration in the country, there is room for upscaling, and it is expected that corporate star monoliths will continue to be released, increasing the company’s Māori ratio.
In addition, the company currently has seven ongoing research projects, including bottox, with adequate product backup, which will continue to complete the good product matrix, and will launch more star monoliths that will help the company develop in the long term. Market regulation benefits from clean-up capacity, and high-quality leading markets are expected to grow.
Industry regulation has increased, with the consolidation of markets that are highly competitive in their products, benefiting from poor productive capacity in the industries, leading the industry, strong branding, channel marketing, and a rich and specialized product matrix, and is expected to boost market access and further develop the company in the restructuring process.
13.96. The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a complex growth rate of 46.6 per cent and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Emeritus (300896): Performance growth is up and down, 3. Emeritus (300896): Star products drive performance up and up and up and up and up.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.