Lungi green energy: through the industry winter, bc products are being released for the first time to cover longki green energy: silicon + component leading firms, benefiting from the winding up of the photovoltaic industry.
Lungi Green is a leading company in the photovoltaic manufacturing industry, with the main business being the development, production and sale of single crystal silicone, batteries, components and downstream photovoltaic systems solutions, and the installation of hydrogen energy equipment operations. The revenues from the photovoltage silicon and silicon rod operations increased by 20 per cent annually in 2021-2023, with the Sun growing by 2021-2023.
The company’s main product prices in the photovoltaic sector have declined significantly since the second half of 2023, and the company’s profit phase has been under pressure. Three years before 2024, the net profit of the owner of the parent company was $6,505 million, a loss on the same account.
Volatile, companies actively adjusted production and sales, and companies achieved silicon silicon output in the first half of 2024. Company prices compared to a 300-deep trend 44.44gw (outward sales of 21.96gw): battery sales out of 2.66gw: component shipments.
Based on high-efficiency hpbc2.0 battery technology, the company introduced a two-faced component product, i-mo9, for a centralized market, with a high production power of 660w, higher than the same specification of topcon component 30w and a significant jump to 24.43%, with a double-face rate of 70%.
The deployment of bc technologies began in 2017, and since 2022 Lungi has introduced a multiplicity of product bc products for different application markets based on an autonomous Hpbc technology. As an integral part of the bc battery technology, the hpbc 2.0 battery technology has inherited the Hpbc generation.
Good genes, cutting across battery liners, passivation techniques and process processes, three key technological divides, with battery yield efficiency exceeding 26.6 per cent, with the Bc II build-up and capacity-reengineering project for the new Western Arals region with an annual production of 12.5gw batteries and 12gw batteries for copper, etc., product hpbc2.0
By the end of 2024, we expected the company ' s bc capacity to reach 70 gw by 2025 (of which Hpbc 2.0 capacity is about 50 gw) and the domestic battery base plan to move all to bc products by the end of 2026.
• Silicon film operations: cost and volume of shipments are industry leaders, with company silicon output and costs in 2025 being industry leaders. In 2023, company silicon and components continued to grow at a very high rate, and silicon output was 125.42gw (of which external sales were made).
53.79gw), 47.45% increase over the same year, maintaining for nine consecutive years a volume of bc-size products from single crystal silicone, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating. Component industry prices compete for over-expected risks, silicon and component prices are not repaired as well as expected.
Risk, industry self-regulation less than expected, and bc product exposure less than expected. 1 Company profile: Silicon + component industry leader, 2025 bc product release is imminent
1.1 Main business: Photovoltaic silicone, component industry leading company Lungi Green Energy Technology Ltd. was established in 2000 as a global photovolt industry leading company with headquarters located in Shanxian. The company focuses on single crystal silicon, batteries, components and downstream photovoltaic system solutions.
The company has the leading research and development power in the industry, has updated the world record of single crystal perc batteries, Hjt battery conversion efficiency, and has taken the lead in achieving a breakthrough in the bc (back-to-touch) battery technology. In terms of production-capacity layout, Lungki Green can be found in Xinxi, Yunnan, Ningxia, and China.
In South-East Asia, for example, a scale industry base is being established to create vertically integrated capacity from silicon sticks/silicon tablets to batteries and components. In 2024-2026, the company expects the annual capacity of single crystal silicon tablets to reach 200gw, of which the capacity of the “Telwig” silicon tablets is over 80%; the annual capacity of the bc battery is 100gw; and the annual capacity of single crystal components will be reached.
150gw. In 2023, the company ' s silicon silicon and its components continued to grow at a high rate, resulting in silicon silicon (out of which external sales were 53.79gw), an increase of 47.45 per cent over the same period, maintaining single crystals for nine consecutive years, global silicon exports first; battery sales of 5.90gw; and assembly shipments of 67.52gw (out of which external exports)
Silicon and silicon stick operations continued to grow at an annual rate of 20 per cent in 2021-2023, while solar panels increased at a combined rate of 30 per cent in the same period. The company silicon and silicon stick operations responded to the need for light voltage in 2022.
In pursuit of the rapid growth trend, the high growth in income started with a 124%/36% increase in silicon and silicone plate revenues in 2022/2023. Solar assembly plates kept growing at medium speeds, followed by a sharp decline in income and profit as the base was raised.
Long, however, the supply-demand mismatches in the industry have increased, the price of the industrial chain has continued to fall, trade barriers abroad have continued to increase, technology has accelerated, and the prices of the company’s main products in the photovoltaic industry have been falling sharply since the second half of 2023, with the firm’s profit phase under pressure. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved operating income.
Chart 420-2023 shows the company’s income from solar component operations and the same rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) and the firm’s equity structure is stable. Li Jin Guo and Li She Yin are the real owners of the company, holding 14.08% and 5.02% of the company’s shares as of the third quarter of 2024.
Three-quarterly reports that over 5% of shareholders include Lee Zhen Guo, hhlr, and Li Hee Yin. Strategic layout is clear, with multiple subsidiaries deployed globally. Currently, the company’s main product is single crystalline silicon sticks, silicon production bases are concentrated mainly in Xianxi (Si An), Ningxia (Singchuan, Naking), Yunnan (Li).
Jiang, Baoshan, Kucing, Chu, Tsun and Malaysia (Kou Jin): Single crystal cell production bases are concentrated mainly in Tsangxi (Xian), Ningxia (Singcheon), Jiangsu (Thai), Inner Mongolia (Oldos), Malaysia (Koujin) and Viet Nam (North River): assembly production bases are concentrated mainly in Ang (Kongzhou, Yu).
Lake), Zhejiang (Zejiang and Ka Heng), Jiangsu (Thai), Xianxi (Si An and Xianyang), Viet Nam (North River) and Malaysia (Sheranang); photovolt-based hydrogen is currently in Jiangsu (no tin) and the company provides multi-scenario system solutions for photovoltaic power stations outside the country.
Figure 5 Stock structure chart (triannual report up to 2024) 2 photovoltaic plates: Basics 2025 or +10% of global photovoltaic demand for the year “flashback”. According to bnef, the global market for components increased in 2024.
A 33% increase to 592gw. cpia, Woodmackenzie, Trendforce, bnef are projected to increase global photovoltaic demand by 5%, 0%, 6%, 11% in 2025.
+10%. On a country-by-country basis, Europe, as the first market to emerge in the photovoltaic industry, faced rapid growth in the market in 2024 and policy implications in 2025, such as market-based reforms in the prices of new energy grids, distributed photovoltaic power management, and there was some uncertainty about demand throughout 2025.
However, the transitional arrangements for the growth of social demand for electricity and policies have left the demand for photovoltaics strong throughout the year; the United States market, or the electricity industry, is constrained by Woodmackenzie ' s projected market demand of 44gw in 2025, compared to 8 per cent in the United States.
Figure 6 Global photovoltaic demand outlook for new components (gw) Rapidly falling prices of components in 2024, with industries generally losing. In the first half of 2024, the supply of silicon links continued to be overstretched, product prices fell, industrial stocks increased, and business surfaces increased.
In the face of overall losses, the differences in competitiveness between firms are becoming more pronounced, and the industry is beginning to move to a phase of clean-up. According to cpia, production of our multi-crystal silicon, silicon, batteries, and components fell by 40%, 48%, 36%, 15%, respectively, in January-June.
Low, across-the-board penetration of the enterprise’s cost line, and a general loss in the industry. Some of the firms with relatively weak competitiveness have stopped production or reduced production due to inadequate orders, stock backlogs, financial constraints, etc. divisional output of silicon silicon is 44.44gw (out-market sales of 21.96gw); batteries are sold out.
2.66gw; component volume 31.34gw. Figure 7 2024-to-date component price ($/w) product efficiency, scenery and industry pattern with increased homogenous competition on the side of industry supply
From 2017 onwards, Lungi Green was able to deploy bc technologies, and from 2022, Lungi introduced a large number of bc products for different application markets.
As an integral part of the bc battery technology, the hpbc2.0 battery technology inherited the best genes of the hpbc generation, cutting across battery bottoms, passivation techniques and process processes, three key technological divides, with battery yield efficiency exceeding 26.6%.
In 2024, the company achieved a milestone breakthrough in Hpbc 2.0 volume technology, full-line battery production, full-scale technological cost compliance, a bc-based technology platform, leading the industry to a new stage of efficient development with a centralized and distributed landscape of leading products.
The company ' s hpbc2.0 product can be oriented toward a centralized, distributed market, while generating power efficiency, etc., has a comparative advantage over Topcon. Based on high-efficiency hpbc2.0 battery technology, the company introduces a two-sided component product, hi-mo9, for a centralized market.
The core advantages of technology and high reliability back-to-back contact with interconnection technology, superposition of company high-quality Tae-ji silicon silicon concentrations, high degree of resistance, good sorbent and high mechanical performance, with components yielding up to 660w, higher than the same specifications of topcon components 30w and above.
24.43 per cent, with double-face penetration of 70 per cent, and an 80 per cent increase in anti-defication capacity. There is a clear advantage in temperature coefficients, decays, and unequal radiation exposure to anti-radio rays over the Topcon product.
Advanced Tae Yee core technology, with component volume conversion efficiency increasing to 23.3%, reliability increasing significantly, and a distributed diversity scenario based on hpbc 2.0 will be introduced over time, with an expected increase in the application of bc products.
In order to improve client satisfaction, the company has an insight into the differentiated needs of its clients, the industry has an in-house rate of introducing products that address client pains, such as accumulated ash, humid heat, hail resistance, and artistic aesthetic products that are extremely black and specialized in villas for high-end households, leading the industry landscape.
Product innovation. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s bc component delivered about 10 gw, excellent power generation performance and low decay performance were well documented in the market, with the National Solar Photovoltaic Product Quality Testing Centre (cpvt) being certified for up to seven months, and the company ' s he-mox 6 anti-grudge components being more common.
The planned monthly average power generation gain was 2.84 per cent, with a relative increase of 5.4 per cent for the maximum month, and the production of the Hpbc 2.0 product entered the scheme by the end of 2024, with the advance of the Bc II generation construction and capacity improvement project, which produced 12.5gw and 12gw in the new Western Aral region.
In 2023, the output of silicon silicon and its components grew at a very high rate, with 125.42gw (of which it was sold externally).
53.79gw), 47.45% over the same period, with nine consecutive years of maintaining global output of single crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, which has been developed by the company as an important innovation in the area of silicon silicon silicon for nearly a decade, with the introduction of new trcz crystals, which have significantly increased the homogeneity of silicon resistance rates, while achieving even more.
A good suction effect and higher mechanical intensity. And the power that underpins the platform's mainstream technology route. The battery-end efficiency upgrades to consolidate the company's leading technology in the silicon field with a substantial innovation breakthrough to meet the needs of high-quality silicon clients in high-efficiency batteries. The technology was launched in the second quarter of 2024.
The company maintains an excellent pursuit of the performance of silicon products, leading to changes in the technology of single crystallization, large-scaleization and thinning of silicon, which continues to be a steady industry leader, and has improved the end-of-end performance of N silicon clients with innovative oxygen mitigation techniques.
Figure 82024 to date Silicon silica prices (megas/films) Prospective profits and company valuation Annual component prices are at the bottom of the range, benefiting from industry self-regulation and self-defeating firms in 2025.
Production effects or small price increases, and companies' own bc component growth drive flat, silicon links are in a state of loss, volume or impact, while silicon stocks are in place at the end of 2024 2.) Prices: considering that the price of silicon in 2024 was faster than the supply of and demand for its own silicon.
3) Māori ratio: Given the supply and demand pattern of silicon, we expect the silicon chain to be in 2025 Relative valuation method: we have selected a share of the relevant company as a comparable company for Lungi green energy.
The company and Lungi Green are close to the photovoltaic track, with the main camp operating at an average of -13x in 2024, considering that Lungi Green can be silicon.
The industry leading companies in terms of the cost and output of the film, the component chain, have been the first to benefit from the industry's recovery, while at the same time benefiting from the bc product release, and we expect the company's profits to increase at a projected annual bc scale in 2025/2026, with a "buy-in" rating for the first time covered.
1. The demand for the photovoltaic sector is not as high as expected: if global demand for photovoltaics does not grow as expected, it will affect demand for photovoltaic products, which in turn will affect product prices and corporate profitability.
Accumulation affects product prices and corporate profitability and, if the industry ' s inventory is deconstructed less than expected, it will have a greater impact on price upturns, which in turn will affect corporate profitability repairs.3 The risk of a change in technology pathways is higher than expected: the photovoltaic industry has moved into slower technological shifts.
During this period, however, it is not excluded that new technologies still exist or have a greater impact on the industry, which in turn affects the industry ' s clean-up process and the business profit recovery process, the methodology, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market,
I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.