Qingdao Hale (600690) 2018th half-yearly report.
The company recently released its semi-annual report 2018, during the reporting period, when it achieved operating income of 88,592 million yuan, an increase of 14.19 per cent over the same period, net profits attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders of 4,859 million yuan, an increase of 10.01 per cent over the same period, and earnings per share of the company of 0.80 dollars, an increase of 10.08 per cent over the same period.
In the context of the market, the company focused on high-end products, with refrigerators and washing machines growing at a significantly higher rate than the market average. According to the data from Mid-Ekang, ice was growing at a weak rate in the first half of 2018, with retail sales declining by 1.7 per cent and retail sales increasing by 7.9 per cent, while retail sales grew by 4.7 per cent and retail sales increasing by 10.5 per cent.
The growth rate was 11.9 per cent and 17.6 per cent, and the growth in the industry was driven by pressure on the kitchen guard market as a result of real-estate regulation, which increased retail sales by -1 per cent and 4.8 per cent in the first half of 2018, respectively, with companies also achieving a hypermarket increase of 5.1 per cent and 21 per cent in the two parts of the business. The core air-conditioning industry generated $19.9 billion, or 17.56 per cent, in response to the market boom in the first half of the year.
During the reporting period, the company's advantage in the core industry of refrigerators and washing machines grew further, and the share of domestic retail sales was spread.
According to industry online, the same excess of sales in the refrigerators released 50.7% in 2009 and increased by 29.7% in the following year, while the refrigerator sales market has so far failed to reflect the volatility of the cycle, with sales falling by 3.3% to 7.3% more in the last four years, and the estimated refrigerator renewal cycle of 9-10 years, we judge that the refrigerator upgrade is approaching, and that it is bound to lead to an increase in sales over the next two years.
The company’s early deployment of high-end product markets, currently dominated by high-end brands, represented by Casati.
With the company’s full-scale layout of the high-end white-electric market, its technology has built up high-end brand images, such as f+ embedded refrigerators, binge-coated area washing machines, etc. The product advantage leads the white-electric industry. As China’s market consumption rises, high-end brands will continue to grow, and the company’s high-end front-hand layout will further consolidate its leadership.
Hal has developed a multi-branded multi-level global synergy to cover global markets. As a global white power tap, companies have grown at a robust pace in the first half of the year, ice-washing heat, etc., are growing faster than markets, and ice-washing products are concentrated.
Step-by-step, refrigerator products are expected to contribute significantly to the growth of their performance as a result of the subsequent upgrade of the refrigerators. The company’s high-end market has produced remarkable results, with a high-end branding system headed by Casati occupying a leading position in high-end markets, both domestically and internationally, and continues to grow as China’s consumption rises.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are the third most accurate real estate industry." Today, 2016, Investing in the SkyEyoma Real Estate industry analyzes my own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies