Short-term damage to production, long-term production space - Silver-Thai Gold (000975.sz) incident assessment report, slightly reduced performance this year, mainly due to the capture of the Yulong mine by Beijing Dong Oo
In terms of production, the company produced 7.06 tons of gold in 2022, a decline compared to the previous year.
By the year 2022, the company owned five mining companies, namely, the Yulong Mine, the Black River Silver Tetau, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Zaydan and the Huashem Gold.
Mines, comprising 5 gold mining rights and 9 gold mineral prospecting rights, totalling 173.9 tons of gold resources.
In the mountains, the Yulong mine is a lead and silver and metal mine. Of these, the Black River’s Milky Way gold resource is 8.99 tons, the Gilling Tablet gold resource is 20.59 tons, the Qinghai gold resource is 65.95 tons.
Its gold resources amounted to 70.67 tons, with an average grade of 3.04g/t. Promotion of the new Qinghai Zaydan mine.
Completion of clearance of mining areas, soil and water conservation reviews, etc., with a plan for 2023 to obtain a certificate of mining rights for the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine and a certificate of mining rights for the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine (New Trench) which is expected to result in the production capacity of the Crystal Trench gold mine and the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine after the completion of the “Survey”
In September 2021, the company acquired 60% of its share in the Chinese gold mine in Yunnam Mang City, which is waiting for production to be restored.
As of January 2023, the Washington gold mine had completed field verification and evaluation of the filing process, which is proceeding in an orderly manner. After the post-partum period, the quantity of ore disposed of by the planned production scale year is 1) the company’s capacity has not increased as expected; 2) the company’s cost of gold mining has increased significantly; 3)
The US Federal Reserve raised interest expectations; 4) the company’s performance fell short of expectations, and so forth. The new material group introduced the film, the corporate strategy, and the six-year new energy research experience.
Du Fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a Bachelor of Science from Nakayama University, a Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.