Silver Thai gold (000975), performance phase, pressure, mineral gold business with strong potential for growth, Silver Thai gold.
Silver-Thai gold (000975), 2022: The company published its annual report for 2022. The company achieved $8.38 billion in operating income, which was higher than the price of the silver business, and non-recurrent factors affecting its production and transportation.
It's a trade business. The company owns five mining companies and a trading subsidiary, among them Shirata, Jilin and Qinghai Chaidan, which are producing gold mines and the Yulong mines.
▪ Growth in the reserves of the Fund, and the ongoing exploration and enrichment scheme will continue to raise the value of the mine rights: as of 2022, lead-producing zinc and silver-metal mines, and the Chinese gold mines are on hold, the company has 7 mining rights and 15 prospecting rights, with a combined total of 101,941,700 tons of resources ore
Mines. In 2021, company mineral gold production ranked seventh in China ' s gold market, with net profits ranked fourth: 1,667.1 million tons of lead + zinc metals, 6.35 million tons of copper metals and 18.2 million tons of tin metals.
The annual exploration expenditure of the Department increased by 20.8 per cent to $123 million, with 57.2 per cent in Qinghai, gold, and the company’s Yulong mine, which is the country’s largest mineral and silver mine today, increased by 3.13 tons of metal (to 65.95 tons).
23.7 per cent and an increase in the amount of effective metals, combined with the polymetallicized mineral belt of the Yulong mine, the great Qinghai firewood, the great potential of both Dan and the Temple to find a mine, and the exploration of deep copper and tin deposits in silver and silver.
Significant matters for the next 3-6 months: Consider the scope for a significant increase in the value of company mineral rights as exploration progresses and stock build-up planning takes place.
During the year, the cumulative winter Olympic epidemic hit companies both in production and in transport (e.g., the Jilin Temple has been affected by the epidemic by 52 weeks of stock price range, resulting in gold production of between 9.1 per cent and 2.015 tons).
Production of 1.57 tons and total annual production of 3.3 to 2.066 tons. On the other hand, despite production disturbance during the Yulong mining year due to the inability of the Olympics to purchase explosives, the company ' s silver/lead/zinc production was equal to the total equity/transita share (thousands of shares)
From the company’s forward output observations, and taking into account the retreat of the physical disturbance factors, a license was obtained for the gold mine (new) and the gold mine (total 21.46 tons of gold and metals) from the expansion of the Galactic Plant of the Black River.
The completion of the rehabilitation project (up to 5,000 tons per day) and the release of Chinese mineral energy (1.2 million tons of annual production, grade 3.04g/t, conditions for rapid resumption in open-air mining), still tasted as one of the best growing mining companies in the country.
▪ The decline in core minerals, with some room for excellence at a later stage: while corporate mineral complexes have declined by 4.24 pct, the overall mining selection rate has remained at a high level despite factors such as the rise in factor prices, the cost of calibrations, the increase in amortization costs and the disruptions in the production of transport.
(54.9%) is still one of the best cost-controlled mining enterprises in the industry. 22 years of this range, the company was mining up to $1.83/g (but the silver price dropped to 48.9% for the silver business as a result of 9.8% sale price) and RMB/tonne (the Māori rate is around 48%). Given the stabilization of factor prices, the incidence is dramatic.
The cost of single-digit output is expected to be optimized (the company ' s Māori ratio in Qinghai has increased from 60.5 per cent to 64.3 per cent).
In addition, the company’s 22-year roe 10,52% compared to an average of 4.4% in the roe gold sector over the last three years shows a combination of strong mining management and profitability.
Liquidity is expected to increase steadily, combined with risk avoidance premiums, liquidity premiums, and exchange rates fermentation of the premium, which will keep the renminbi gold at an average price or above $420/g. And zinc lead prices or sources of financial prosperity in the East.
Silver and Thai gold (000975).
He was the investment manager of the East Hing Asset Management Programme (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He was awarded the second prize for joint research on futures and the third prize for joint research on futures of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE); he was awarded the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese company ' s futures and the soybean futures of the Dalian commodity exchange.
A third-class award, in which KIM means the right to a future as an entry to the market competition. A former author of the Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, and Economic Reference Paper. A research reporter's own opinion.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Silver and Thai gold (000975).
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.