The e-consumption electronic component iii is expected to achieve a high performance in 24 years, fully benefiting from the one-led end-of-end upgrade ai-led recovery in consumer electronic terminal demand, with the company expected to achieve a high performance in 24 years.
The demand for the end of the industry has recovered, driven by new technologies such as i artificial intelligence, and the company’s sophisticated zero-component operations, its smart acoustic whole-office operations, and its segmented product lines such as vr/mr, smart wear in the smart hardware business section have progressed well and have increased its combined Māori ratio.
The combination of artificial intelligence technology with meta-cosm technology and new and emerging smart hardware products, according to company performance forecasts, offers new opportunities for the consumer of electronics. Companies will do their best to keep pace with industry opportunities and promote long-term health.
An advanced layout etching process/the introduction of a new full-colour light wave display module is expected to continue to benefit from the ai+ar development path. Recently, at the Spiear vrmr Congress in the United States, Gore Optical released a new full-coloured light wave display module starg-e1 using surface sculpting processes to achieve advanced etching in the ar optical lens.
New breakthroughs in the process, the helper's glasses achieve better displays. The Starg-e1 module uses high refraction rate material and surface sculptor corrosion raster processes with high homogeneity, high brightness, low blistering light, etc., and maintains a clear and comfortable display even in bright light environments. The process breaks through the traditional nanopressure printing technique at a high level.
Refraction rate material application bottlenecks, providing a wider range of refraction rate options with a stronger UV-resistant Sun Peak energy. Starg-e1 achieves a peak brightness of 5,000 nT by optimizing raster materials and structures.
The homogeneity is more than 45%, the color difference is less than 0.02%, the same technology is about 50% and 100% higher, and the dry sea dimensions are effective in reducing the color deviation of the image, increasing the color performance, making the glasses colorful and clear.
Qualitative. Starg-e1 uses single-layer optical wave-guided mirrors with a thickness of only 0.7 mm and a industry-led micro-led display, with a light machine size of less than 0.5 cubic centimetres, with excellent optical effects while light and small. According to the web page nweon, which quotes from the Bloomberg News, Meta plans to launch a spot-event.
Smart glasses showing the screen, code-named Hypernova, expected to be released in 2025, with a screen at the bottom of the right lens and used to show simple applications, smart phone notifications and Gore shares taken with glasses: improved profitability, fully benefiting from electricity consumption
Sub-end smartness - Joaquin securities - electronics - Gore shares - public in layout xr/clothable/cars, with multi-referenced designs. (1)ar: Introduction of Light Quantified Gore shares: gradual restoration of profitability, continuous penetration
Ar reference designs mulan2 and wood2 weighing only 36 g and 58 g, significantly increasing the comfort of wearing.
The light machine ensures light design and minimum light leaks. Wood2 integrates super-light material frames, mini-sip modules, etc. Innovative technologies that support full colour displays, high-resolution photographs, and multi-model ai interactions. (2) vr: single-line 4kmicro und screen +3ppancake optical program pcvr reference designs, by optimizing design and materials.
The entire body weight is reduced to about 145 grams, reducing the burden of wearing it for long periods. (3) wearable: release multiple integrated health + multimodular interactive smart interactive devices. One of these is a smart ring integrated at ppg, body temperature and imu sensors for round-the-clock health monitoring, supported by smart devices that press, slide, air rat, and gesture recognition control connections.
One refers to medical-grade health monitoring with a looped reflective + transect pg, interacting with smart devices through microphones as an access point for the ai assistant; and a minimum volume of micro-madas in the built-in industry, providing fine vibration feedback. (4) Automobile electronics: an innovative uwb technology programme for uwb-based vehicles, achieving individual remote access through the uwb anchoring point in the vehicle
The controller controls the equipment in multiple cars, accurately senses that passengers are breathing to determine whether children are left in the vehicle, and also knows whether to kick, move switch trunks, etc., to improve safety and ease of driving. The Gore vehicle is also synchronized with the two-coloured modules of the axle, to address the problem of adjusting and displaying ambiguity, and to ensure that the driver has a smooth view.
Investment proposal: In view of the hope that the ai will lead a new cycle of growth in consumer electronics and the performance of reference companies, the competitive advantage of sex and the expansion of opportunities for electronic car-related business, positive business progress in sub-directional directions such as sensors, arhud modules and optical devices, adding to the continued growth of future automobile electronics and xr markets, is public.
The Division’s performance growth provides space. Maintains an “uptake” rating. Industry risks, corporate roll-out of products such as apples are not as fast as expected, and market competition increases the risk.
Figure 2: Summary of forecast and valuation data for the financial statements of the Gore Smart Ring Reference Design Programme