Quarterly report for the first quarter of 2019, issued on 29 April, achieving business income of $10.52 billion.
Compared to +8 per cent, a net return to the mother of $4.26 billion, a ratio of +58 per cent, a basic return of $0.35 per share, a weighted average, benefited from a significant increase in the growth rate of the company ' s profits during the quarter, which increased by 31 per cent by 300 a quarter, with an average daily turnover of $585.2 billion, and the company ' s operating income during the quarter.
The absolute size of income and net return on maternity is higher than in the first quarter of 2015. The operating income structure: self-employment income of $4.9 billion leads, rising from +106 per cent to 51 per cent, brokering from $2 billion to 9 per cent and 20 per cent, managing self-employment has grown significantly, and investment returns are showing a sharp increase in performance elasticity.
\triangleright benefits from a high profit margin for its own business, significant growth in corporate profits, and a 19-fold increase in investment returns to $4.6 billion is the main driver.
The decline was between 78% and 490 million yuan, but self-employment income increased as a result of the bright performance of investment returns. Companies, as industry’s leading front-runners, have excellent investment-trading capabilities, and have taken advantage of investment-trading opportunities in a timely manner during the warmer period of the market, with a marked increase in elasticity.
\triangleright late 2018 company announcement of proposed acquisition of 100% shareholding of Guangzhou securities and restructuring of the trading programme in April 2019
According to data from the January-March sales of Guangzhou securities, a cumulative gain of $360 million + 26% and a significant increase in net profits of $100 million + 30% has been achieved, and profitability has recovered significantly. It is expected that the combined strength of the Sino-China securities and the competitiveness of the South China region will be further raised when the reorganization is completed.
In the industry, the scale development goes up to the steps of the company's financial statement data projections.
In September 2017, Chen Xing joined the University of Arizona, United States of America, with a Master of Financial Sciences. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,