The company reviews the non-bank finance industry, the investment performance increases the elasticity of performance, the leading position is strong, the Sino-Sinse securities (600030.sh)
Wuping has issued a financial report for the first quarter of 2019.2 Our analysis and judgment
1. 58.29 per cent increase in net profit over the same period, with a significant increase in performance
Profit of $4,258 million, an increase of 58.29 per cent in the same year; basic ps 0.35, an increase of 59.09 per cent in the same year, as a result of a decrease in the earnings from the sale of bulk merchandise by affiliates. 2) Investment business income increased by 103.64 per cent in the same year, increasing performance elasticity
The main reason for the growth in the performance of the company is investment (3), which has seen a significant improvement in investment income and a steady increase in equity over the previous quarter, when the company achieved income of $5,088 million in investment operations.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved net operating income of 989 million yuan, an increase of 34.28 per cent over the same period. According to wind data, in the first quarter of 2019, companies continued to take advantage of the platform to promote innovative business such as listing in and out of the country by creative panels and innovative firms.
Integrated investment services are provided to clients. 4) Brokering, financial management, income under pressure from mixed operations, increased activity in pre-markets, improved environment for brokering operations, and contribution to subsequent improvements in brokering operations.
In terms of management operations, the company achieved net operating income of $1,297 million in the first quarter, a decline of 12.76 per cent over the previous year, which is expected to be related to the high-scale capital management base for the same period, while in terms of credit operations, the company achieved net interest income of $520 million in the first quarter, a decrease of 18.26 per cent over the same period.
Of this amount, the company realized interest income of $3.116 billion in one quarter, a decline of 12.05 per cent over the same period; interest expenditure was combined. The size of the company ' s buy-back financial assets at the end of the first quarter of 2019 was $5,706 billion, down from the beginning of the year.
The market is now warming, the securities sector policy dividends are released, and the corporate business environment is improving. Companies, as large bond dealers, have strong capital and good regulatory controls, and have an advantage in terms of the size of their business and their qualifications.