:: Investment-driven performance growth, with a strong investment leader 05/05/2019 event: corporate quarterly reports issued in 2019, generating business income of $10.52 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the previous year;
A net profit of $4.26 billion to the mother, an increase of 58.3 per cent, corresponds to a gain of 0.35 per share; net capital of the parent company, the income from the sale of bulk merchandise, as a whole, is lower than expected. 2) The income from the company's own business is the same as +106.3 per cent to $4.92 billion, mainly because of a significant increase of 18.9 times in the return on investment from the disposal of financial instruments
In the context of “financial supply-side reforms,” Sino-Sink is expected to fully benefit from capital-market construction and direct financing. The traditional business has declined slightly, but the leader remains a market leader.
Sliding, on the other hand, this year's market's new volume of transactions is mainly contributing to the activation of bulk households, and the company's customers are characterized by a stable level of trading activity, so that the impact of the new volume of transactions is not significant; (b) the net management of the business continues to optimize the structure of the company, and the summer fund is expected to grow steadily. (c) The company buys back into finance during the first quarter of the year.
Integration of the Guangzhou Stock Extension + introduction of employee ownership, with a strong leader. 1) The company previously based on strategic considerations of industrial integration and expansion of the South China layout, better than the market's expected valuation of Guangzhou securities, supported the trend towards the upgrading of the securities industry from the industrial capital dimension and helped China expand its South China.
Regional operations layout (widely owned by 154 businesses, 27 per cent in China and 27 per cent in South China). 2) Former company publisher 1, Sino-Sin securities (600030): flagship, draft stock-holding plan, covering approximately 1,000-1500 people, is expected to mobilize company staff actively in the future.
Sex creates a virtuous circle of performance and stock prices that highlights management's confidence in the long-term development of the company. 3) Stockholding plans are published to keep an eye on the flagship values.
The ability, pricing capacity, and affordability are clearly superior to that of small and medium-sized coupons, and Sino-Kin, as a well-deserved leader, has a strong professional capacity and is expected to take advantage of the opportunities.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The company grew as expected in the first quarter of 2019, with the market warming releasing the return on investment. As the market warms, the build-up of the company’s acquisition of the Guangzhou stock expansion map plus the launch of its employee holding scheme highlights its confidence and long-term prospects for its bond dealers.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board