Short-term view: (1) drug discovery and pre-cro absolute leadership, status unshakeable: drug development
Pre-cro is a technology-intensive and labour-intensive industry, and there is no significant geographical segregation between demand and supply. The growth of global market demand and our “engineer dividend” provide opportunities for domestic cro companies, especially the first class, to become competitive in the global market.
In terms of its internal structure, Pharmacy Condé is now the absolute leader of the same kind of company in the country, and, given the relatively small size of the other competitors and the faster pace of growth, the gap between Phenomenon Condé and other head players will be narrowed in the short term.
In recent years, the global production of raw materials has been continuously shifting to China, and the country’s cmo/cdmo industry as a whole has developed. As a leader in this field, the country’s pharmaceutical industry has also benefited.
The dividends of growth, both absolute and relative market shares, have increased in recent years, and market competitiveness has increased, and will continue to be a powerful driver of growth in the performance of contributing companies. (3) The union of capital and technology, the bonding and succession, will make a difference: the capital of the drug Minding Constituency was established in 2017 with the merger of navigation and capital.
There are currently seven funds under the umbrella, which are more than $10 billion. The Pharmacy Conduit team is working on the front line, fully aware of the frontiers of industry development and technological changes that can inform investment in capital projects.
In addition, projects that finance capital investment also generate investment gains for companies that increase their performance, but the returns from investment projects are highly volatile and difficult to predict and quantify accurately. In the medium term, the point of view - the potential for clinical growth is high: there is some geographical segregation in the clinical market.
In July 2018, the company completed the acquisition of the United States Clinical Crop Researchpoint, with the service of a global multi-centre clinical trial, laying the groundwork for the opening of markets in North America and even around the globe. From the domestic market, Tag medicine has been in a leading position, and the drug is well developed.
It's late, and there's still a big gap with the Tag medicine. Clinical cro business in the company as a whole is better than drug-mixed contortion: performance growth is robust, cro has a very low priority, is not enough in the short term to have a fundamental impact on the company's performance, but in the long run, clinical cro
Services are an integral part of the cro industry chain and will be a priority for the future. As the layout continues to improve, Pharmacíon Conde: Cro comes back, the pharmaceutical unicorn wave, the business is expected to become a new profit growth point for the company, along with the drug discovery of the company's advantages and the pre-cro, pre-clinical advantage.
Cmo/cdmo further synergizes its business and enhances corporate competitiveness as a whole. In June 2018, the company's car-t-jwcar029 was obtained as a clinical batch, based on the promise of a joint venture to further develop new fine...syndromic therapy based on junocar-t and tcr technologies.
In the light of the good clinical performance of the junocar-t product and the strong demand for oncological treatment, we believe that cellular therapy has broad market prospects after its breakthrough. (2) The company is involved in the development of new anti-bacterial products, with the central advantage of unique drug delivery techniques, which are expected to become resistant bacteria once the product is in shape.
The key to infection treatment is meta. Based on (1) the company's global leading market position and strong competitiveness in drug discovery and pre-cro, (2) the “engineer dividend” gives domestic cro firms a cost lead (3) the company's clinical lead.
Cro has a high potential for business growth (4) and global capacity transfer benefits domestic cmo/cdmo enterprises (5) Mengkand has a large advantage in small molecular drug cmo/cdmo (6) The returns from corporate investment operations are gradually emerging, giving companies a buy-b rating.
Business development has fallen short of expectations, the integration of researchpointglobal mergers and acquisitions has fallen short of expectations, the wave of investment operations and the risk of goodwill erosion.Daniming Conde was established in December 2000, was listed at the New Exchange in 2006, and privatization from the United States stock market was completed in 2015.
The company began with small-molecular drug research and development and production services, and has since expanded and deepened its field of operations through an integrated strategy. It has now become the leading global company in open capacity and technology for pharmaceutical and medical instrument development.
Paul, Atlanta, etc., has established 26 research and development bases and branches to provide research and development services to more than 3,000 active clients around the world, with major clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions. In addition, in recent years, companies have started to engage in emerging pharmaceutical industries by co-financing, investing, etc., to create a large healthy eco-cooper.
And Zhang is the real controller of the company, holding a total of 31.63 per cent of the company ' s shares. Figure 1: Corporate equity structure benefiting from the growth in demand for outsourcing of new drugs globally and support from domestic drug research and development policies, Company Battalion 2014-2018q3
Business income has grown steadily. However, the higher share payments associated with privatization account for direct labour and managerial remuneration in 2015 led to a decline in both the Māori rate and the net return profit in that year. After privatization, the company ' s financial indicators returned to normal and to steady growth in 2016.
Figure 2: Business income and Māori ratios of company 2014-2018q3 in several countries and regions around the world, including the United States, which is the company ' s most important market at present, is highly relevant to the highly developed pharmaceutical industry in the United States; in recent years, with the company expanding to European markets and the rapid development of the domestic pharmaceutical industry, particularly in the field of new drug research and development,
There is also a gradual increase in the share of these two segmented markets in corporate income, and there is potential for further increases in the future. In particular, the company's operations cover a wide range of aspects, ranging from research and development, pre-clinical drug testing, pharmaceutical clinical research services, production and development of raw materials, research and development of medical devices and production, and industry-wide chain distribution, covering drugs from research and development, listing to production.
The entire process. As the segmented areas of the cro/cmo industrial chain become more well organized, the synergies between the business plates of the company will become apparent over time, with the implementation of the “Long-end customers” strategy, which is expected to achieve the next step in the company's business development as a whole, through the upstream drug discovery service, which will provide customer orientation for downstream cro and cmo projects.
Depending on the characteristics of the business plates, (1) the firm is the absolute leader in the domestic drug discovery and pre-cro service, and the business is also the company’s cash cow. For domestic counterparts, the relative market share of the company has declined in recent years, but in global terms the relative and absolute market share of the company is on the rise. (2) The company’s clinical coro business is still on the rise.
In contrast to drug discovery and pre-cro operations, clinical coro operations are very late and very small, but firms are becoming more competitive in the market, and when they grow up, the business is expected to become a new profit growth point for companies. (3) The company ' s cmo/cdmo service is also a leader in the country and has increased market competitiveness in recent years, albeit globally.
The overall increase in the cmo/cdmo sector is not particularly rapid, but, given that cmo/cdmo production is shifting from the developed countries of Europe and the United States to the domestic ones, the growth rate in the Chinese market is rising, and therefore the cmo/cdmo business is expected to become a strong enabler of growth in the performance of the public sector.
For global growth rates, clinical co-market growth rates are domestic; relative market shares are based on domestic equivalents; circle diameters represent business income relative; II. co: absolute domestic leader, position difficult to shake due to active (new drug market space, policy incentives for innovation) and passivity (pharmaceutical firm compensates for receipt due to patent expiry of existing products)
The reason for this is that global research and development on new medicines has increased in enthusiasm and market demand for new medicines has continued to grow; however, the rise in the cost of new medicines has led to declining rates of return on investment in new drug projects. The contradiction between the two forces pharmaceutical companies to increase R & D efficiency and reduce R & D costs has led to market demand in the cro industry and drive the development of the cro industry.
Cro services are essentially the result of the shift of R&D operations from pharmaceutical companies to cro companies, so R&D spending is the ceiling of the industry. Over the past 10 years, data show that fluctuations in global R&D spending have been somewhat correlated with economic growth, and that the growth in R&D spending was lower in 2008.
After decades of development, the crón industry is relatively mature. According to a grandviewresearch, considering the impact of such factors as the growth in R & D spending and the penetration rate of the cró services, the global collusive annual growth of the crón industry in 2013-2024
At 6.65%. Globally, drug Myung Conde is currently ranked ninth in the broad industry of the coro service industry (taking into account the merger of covance with childn, inventivehealth and increarch) and is ranked first but not the top. In recent years, firms have become more competitive and market shares have increased year by year.
Figure 9: Global projected market size 2013-2024
Part of the profit; clinical coro services, although small, have shown an upward trend in the proportion of the total coro business since the removal of the macro-molecular biopharmaceuticals in 2015, and remain an unmindable potential in the long run. Clinical coro business has a smaller volume, which also lowers the company’s ranking on the global coro market.
(i) Drug discovery and pre-cro: “Engineer dividend” in the lead of the market, the company’s drug discovery and pre-cro operations are divided into two units in the China district laboratory and the United States district laboratory.
In addition, the company has recently officially launched a screening platform for dna coded compounds, which has reduced the screening of compounds compared to the traditional ones.
US district laboratories are mainly focused on the operational areas of medical equipment detection services, precision medical research abroad, production services, etc. Currently, Chinese district laboratories are still the main source of company drug discovery and pre-cro revenues.
Globally, the current market for drug discovery and pre-cro services amounts to about $8 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.86%. Subregionally, affected by the development of the pharmaceutical industry, North America is the current drug discovery and arrival.
The market for pre-bed coro services is the market with the largest supply and demand. However, in terms of the business model, there is no apparent geographical segregation of the market for drug discovery and pre-cro services, and national boundaries do not constitute a barrier between service providers and the demand side. A significant proportion of the clients of many pre-cro services, including drug discovery and pre-clinical services, come from outside the country, so in this case,
The global market is a better benchmark for taking into account the market demand for the drug Mindcond. The drug discovery and pre-cro services of the drug tomcond, compared to the global top11cro, cover drug point-to-target certification, drug discovery, chemical experimentation, bio-testing, and drug safety evaluation, among others, and cover a wide range of operations and lead industries.
Among the domestic drug discovery and pre-cro service providers, Conlon has been transformed into, intelligent chemical (which has been acquired by Quantum Highs), Medisi, and Chiju is the company’s main competitor. Compared to the data for 2014-2017, the company’s revenue schedule for this business is two to three times higher than that of the second Hong Kong Dragon, and is in absolute leadership position, with Māori rates at the top of the industry.
Figure 16: Drug discovery and pre-cro operations in selected companies in the country, 2014-2017 Figure 17: Drug discovery and pre-cro operations in selected companies in the country, 2014-2017
Intensive industries. As a result of the spread of higher education, the professional skills of our pharmaceutical and biological practitioners as a whole have improved significantly, with a large number of highly educated graduates pouring into the market each year, and as a result, the domestic cro company has benefited from a demographic dividend, lower labour costs, coupled with a weaker geographical segment of the market, which has led to a gradual transfer of production at the end of the supply from abroad to the domestic level, which has led to a gradual transfer of production capacity.
The total market share of several domestic companies increased rapidly between 2014-2017, from 11.60% in 2014 to 2017.
18.14%, indicating a gradual increase in the overall market competitiveness of several leading companies in the country. A separate examination of the drug Minconde, measured by the size of the market for pre-cro-services and the company ' s corresponding business income on a global basis, has increased its market share in recent years from 7.14% in 2014 to 10.95% in 2017, indicating that the company ' s market has grown as the industry has deepened.
The field is becoming more competitive and the market position is improving accordingly. Figure 20: Combining drug discovery and pre-cro service for the domestic representative company, 2014-2017. Figure 21: Drug discovery and pre-cro service market for the drug Mingconde and pre-cro service, 2014-2017
Vertically, the company ' s drug discovery and pre-cro operations in China region increased rapidly during 2014-2018h1, at a rate of more than 20%, and Māori levels showed an upward trend. The U.S. district laboratory revenues also increased year by year, but Māori levels declined significantly, mainly through increased research and development and production of precision medical services such as cytology and genetic therapy in U.S. districts.
In addition, the profitability of US regional operations is expected to increase as a result of higher costs (e.g., depreciation of fixed assets, direct labour costs, etc.), pending the release and utilization of precision medical operations. In addition, medical equipment testing operations have decreased as a result of a change in the outsourcing strategy following the acquisition of a client by a head of household and the completion of a large short-term project during the same period in 2017.
Figure 23: US District Drug Discovery 2014-2018h1 and Pre-Clinical Cro Services Revenue Exchange Rate Exchange Rates have had a significant impact on corporate revenue, particularly 2018h1. If measured at the same exchange rate in 2017, the revenue from laboratory services in China District 2018h1 increased by 27.97% over the same period, significantly higher than 21.65%, and the Maori rate rose to 47.62%.
US district laboratory service revenue increased by 5.85% over the same period, and was also higher than the 1.93% shown in the statement. Thus, overall, the Department’s drug discovery and pre-cro operations were well run and performed steadily.
There is a gap between business and charlesriver (primarily pre-clinic cro); the combination of two operations shows that the market share of Pharmacy Condolence is also lower than that of Charlesriver, although the relative market share of companies has increased significantly during the period 2014-2017, and the competitiveness of the market is increasing.
However, as global market demand grows, so do other companies involved in drug discovery and pre-cro services in the country. This has led to a decline in the relative market share of drug Mind in recent years. Taken together, we think that global drug discovery and pre-cro demand for pre-clinic services are growing and that our “engineer dividend” is domestic.
Cro, especially the first echelon of companies, provides an opportunity for development that has led to an overall increase in the competitiveness of the domestic cro in the global market. In terms of its internal structure, the gap between the drug and the other head players will be reduced in the short term because of the relatively small size of other competitors in the country, but also because the drug will grow as a result of the rise of the domestic firm as a whole.
(ii) Clinical cro: Global multi-centre layout, with high growth potential, is expected to increase further in the market share of the global business reference system.
Clinical trial management, surveillance and clinical trial data analysis services, clinical coordination, and on-site management services are provided. Clinical co-operation is currently conducted primarily in the country. At the end of July 2018, the company completed the acquisition of the American clinical trial co-researchpointglobal, which gave the company the service capacity of a global multi-centre clinical trial, which is the company ' s future.
Similar to drug discovery and the pre-cro industry, the market for clinical co-services is relatively mature, and the global market for bed-cro services is now around $27 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 6.29%.
The main battleground of clinical cró, with a combined market share of 75%, is where the world’s leading crón, in terms of business coverage, covers essentially the entire course of clinical research services from i-iv, with little difference in the type of services provided.
Globally, the top 20 clinical crón is monopolized by foreign firms, with only the Tiger Medicine List, but with a small market share, so that there is a large gap between the size of the country’s clinical crón and its counterparts abroad. Domestically, in addition to the growing cost of new drug research and development, pharmaceutical companies have been encouraged to use the help of cro to improve their R&D efficiency.
In addition, the patent cliff of heavy-pound drugs and the location of consistent evaluation policies have increased the market demand for clinical co-services, and, together with the rapid development of our pharmaceutical industry in recent years, the domestic market for clinical co-services has grown faster than the European and American markets, with a compound annual growth rate of 8.06 per cent and the current market size of about $1.8 billion. However, companies that provide clinical co-services need to do so and clinically.
Pilot units are docking, clinical coordination and on-site management, and business models vary from drug discovery to pre-cro, so there is some geographical segregation in the clinical market, and the difficulty of cross-country market development through self-building is more appropriate as a reference system for companies.
The company’s clinical coro business is still active in the expansion and layout phase, so the Māori rate is still low and is expected to improve when the business matures further.
Clinical cro operations. Measured by the size of the country’s clinical service market and the company’s revenues from the corresponding business, the company’s market share is still low, but is increasing from 1.93% in 2016 to 3.93% in 2018 (annualized with semi-annual data). Clinical cro operations are currently weak in the company’s cro/cmo entire chain layout, no.
This will focus on development, and as the business profile continues to improve, the business is expected to become a new profit growth point for the company, with further synergies with the company’s advantage in drug discovery and pre-cro, cmo/cdmo operations. Vertically, the company’s revenues from clinical cro operations have increased rapidly since the elimination of macromolecular biopharmaceutical operations in 2015
Long-term trends, mainly as a result of the rapid development of the domestic market for new medicines and bio-equivalency clinical trials, and a significant increase in the quality, size and capacity of the company’s clinical corrograms. After the acquisition of the researchpointglobal, the capacity of the company’s clinical coro business has evolved, using the domestic market as a reference, and the company’s clinical coro business has developed more rapidly over the last two years, with absolute market shares and relative markets.
There has been a certain increase in the share of the field, as well as an increase in the competitiveness of the market. From a firm’s point of view, the share of clinical coro business in the company’s overall business is very low and is not sufficient in the short term to have a fundamental impact on the company’s performance, but in the long run, clinical coro services are an integral part of the cro chain, and the market for clinical coro services is larger than drug discovery and clinically based services.
The pre-cro service is larger, and improving the layout of the whole industry chain on the basis of maintaining niches helps to promote greater coordination among the business plates, further enhancing corporate competitiveness as a whole, while also finding new profit growth points for companies.
The company now focuses its operations mainly on small molecular drugs, which can be further broken down into two major plates of raw drugs and preparations since the removal of large molecule biopharmaceuticals in 2015. Of these, the raw materials drug, cmo/cdmo, is mainly a combination of non-tin-pharmaceuticals and Shanghai-based research and development, with a loss of more than $17 million in 2017.
Depending on the stage of the drug, the company’s raw drug cmo/cdmo operation can be further divided into pre-clinical and post-cmo (including commercialization) cmo/cdmo services. The revenue from the post-cmo/cdmo services has been increasing since 2014 and is now a very important business contributing to the company’s income.
Figure 37: Corporate cmo/cdmo business layout Industry holding companies The current market size of cmo/cdmo services worldwide is about $60 billion, and the industry has developed
Similar to drug discovery and pre-cro services, there is no strong geographical segregation between the providers and the demand side of the cmo/cdmo service, so that the clients of the drug Ming Conde come from a number of countries and regions around the world.
The region's market has become the most important driver of global cmo/cdmo market growth, and the continuous shift in global production capacity to the Asia-Pacific region has led to an expanding share of Asia-Pacific markets, which are now close to the sum of the European and American markets, and to further growth in the future, benefiting mainly from two factors: (1) the Asia-Pacific region has lower production costs compared to the European and American region, including lower artificial labour.
These are: (2) with the gradual landing of the domestic mah system, drug registration and production permits have been successfully separated and are more favourable to the social division of labour, contributing to the development of the country's cmo/cdmo enterprises.cmo/cdmo services are provided abroad by representative companies providing raw materials, such as lonza, Patheon, jubilantlifesciences
Among other things, companies in the country are Pharmacy Conde, Boteng, Kaleying, Kyushu Pharmacy, etc. Compared to several companies in the country, where Ming Condé and Kaleying currently have the most extensive business coverage, Boteng shares also provide cmo/cdmo services for raw materials throughout their life cycle, and the Kashko Pharmacy focuses on cmo/cdmo services during the commercialization phase.
In terms of income, of the country’s major raw materials, cmo/cdmo companies, 207 botanical shares have been overtaken by Kelley, but doming Condé has always been on the top of the list, and in recent years has become increasingly dominant, with a growing gap between the second and the second place. As the average production of single orders for late-bed cmo projects is usually larger than for pre-cmo projects, it is easier to achieve economies of scale.
As a result, the Māori rate for post-cmo/cdmo operations is generally higher than for pre-cmo/cdmo, so in several companies Māori levels are highest in the Kyushu pharmaceutical industry, which is mainly involved in commercialization of the cmo/cdmo project. In recent years, the proportion of Māori in the post-cmo/cdmo project has been increasing, leading to a gradual increase in the Māori rate and a narrowing of the gap between the Māori rate and Kaleying.
Both the pre-cmo/cdmo and post-clinic cmo operations have a lower Māori rate than Karen, so that Mānkând’s gross interest rate levels, if they are to be equal to, or even greater than, Kelley would require a breakthrough in cost control. Measuring the size of the global raw material service market and the revenues of the company’s corresponding business in recent years, the drug Mímincon.
Germany’s share in the global market has been gradually increasing, but it is still less than 1%. We believe that, as foreign production moves into the country, the domestic raw material drug cmo/cdmo sector is expected to develop further, as a leading domestic industry in this area, and Condé has benefited from the dividends of industrial growth, but the raw material drug cmo/cdmo sector is a relatively fragmented market, including medicine.
Companies such as Minkund will not have a particularly high market share. Vertically, the company’s cmo/cdmo business has grown well in recent years, its income has been growing at a relatively high rate, and the Māori rate has been rising as a result of an increase in the proportion of cmo/cdmo at a later clinical stage.
The average exchange rate is calculated as the cmo/cdmo operation achieved a similar income growth of 35.48%, and the Māori rate rose to 44.54%. In the global market, market growth slowed with the size of the raw material drug cmo/cdmo market, but the capacity of Europe and the United States shifted to the home country, resulting in the development of the domestic business as a whole.
In recent years, both absolute and relative market shares have increased, and market competitiveness has increased, and will continue to be a powerful driver of growth in the performance of the company. Fourth, keeping pace with industry dynamics, forward-looking technological advances.
(i) In partnership with Juno Power, to build a new type of cyto-immunotherapy drug Ming Conde and junothapeutics (which was acquired by celigene in early 2018), a joint venture was launched in 2016. On 8 March of that year, Pinocchio announced the completion of a 90-million-dollar round of financing, with investments in Pyramid, Redwood Capital and Pharmacology.
Car-t technology is a revolutionary breakthrough for scientists in the field of oncology treatment. Car-t is essentially a lymphatic cell with the ability to identify and kill specific oncological cells, thus enabling treatment of tumours.
Success has been achieved, but the real cancer area has not yet taken a critical step. The drug-spiriting car-t product – jwcar029 – is based on Jcar017 of Juno, the data revealed at the Annual Asco Meeting, for 102 assessable patients (including multiple dose levels), jcar017.
The response rate and the full response rate reached 40% and 34% respectively. Of the 37 patients suffering from repeat or incurable b-cell non-Hoochkin lymphoma, 49% responded to jcar017. In terms of safety, the car-t product before Juno — jcar015 died from neurotoxicity during the ii clinical trial.
fda emergency stop; based on the data currently disclosed, the safety risk is lower for jcar017, and more than half of clinical patients do not have cytogenetic storms or neurotoxicity, which basically solves safety problems. According to iarc statistics, the number of oncological patients in the country is growing rapidly, with more than 4 million new people being added each year.
From the point of view of fractions, the blood tumors are generally low, so the treatment of the real tumors is the inevitable course for the future of car-t, which, after a technological breakthrough, is at least a huge market of hundreds of billions. There are now two types of car-t products on the world market – Kymriah (Novar) and Yescarta (kite), which are still in the country.
There are no such products on the market, but hundreds of companies are actively closing down, and the vast majority are still concentrated in the field of blood tumours. As of October 9, 2018, there were nine cfda-approved and clinical trials under way, with several companies with very large time gaps, Jwcar029 of the drug's brightest jwcar029 ranked fifth in time.
More companies are developing car-t for blood oncology, and they're getting closer to R & D, and the market is going to be very competitive when products are listed. We think that the car-t project for blood oncology is more important for companies to get through the whole development process and prepare for the company's follow-up car-t project.
It is unlikely, but it is still to be expected that the current market patterns for oncological treatment will be changed once the technology matures. (ii) In the case of Figilco, the new antibacterial drug is expected to become a sharp instrument for anti-bacterial therapy.
The company has two sectors of agricultural health and human health, three of which are listed and nine in the agricultural health sector. The human health sector focuses on the development of products in the field of external infections treatment.
Five products are currently at the research and development stage, but projects are still in the early stages. With the overuse of antibiotics, pathogenic bacteria are beginning to become resistant to commonly used antibiotics, even giving birth to the “super bacteria” that are currently helpless for all antibiotics, so that the development of new antibacterials is urgently needed while reducing the abuse of antibiotics.
The core advantage of Figilco is that it has a unique range of delivery technologies, such as plasma technology and electroshock technology that fixes the fungus to almost any substance surface, biodegradable microball polymers that can continue to release the fungus. When the company's products are shaped, it is expected to become a sharper instrument for treatment of drug resistant bacterial infections.
In May 2017, a merger of the capital and the capital was established with Dr. Li, Chairman of the board of directors and founding partner of the capital, and Mr. Chen Lian Yung, founding partner of the capital.
At present, there are seven funds under the banner of Concorde, which are more than $10 billion. During the period from 2015 to October 2018, the Concorde capital invested 30 times in a combination of projects such as the stone-based industry, Fang Yu, etc. The Drug Minding Condt research and development team has always been on the line of research and development and is well aware of the cutting edges and technological changes in the development of the industry and can be financed.
The project’s investments are a source of inspiration; the projects that incubate the capital investment can complement the industries and techniques of the drug’s Ming Condé and promote the further development of the autonomous industries. In addition, the projects that carry the capital investment also generate investment and performance gains for Ming Condé, but the returns of the investment projects are highly volatile and difficult to predict and quantify accurately.
VI. Horizontal comparison of domestic counterparts: Physics Conduit is more competitive in terms of operating income, which has an absolute advantage over similar companies in the country. In 2017, Physics Condolence earned more than three times as much as Conlon No. 2. Cro is a technology-intensive and labour-intensive industry, so people are managed and managed.
Efficiency is a very important factor in the company’s long-term development, with the pharmaceutical industry’s per capita operating income at the industry average. Further, the cmo/cdmo sector, which has a relatively low demand for labour, generally has a higher per capita operating income than the cro sector.
And the per capita operating income is higher than that of companies of the same kind; after deducting part of the entire pharmaceutical industry from the company as a whole, the main source of the proceeds of the drug Minding Condé is drug discovery and pre-clinical cro, with a per capita operating income of $479.1 million, which is still a leader in the industry.
In terms of the net profit from maternity, it is influenced by the size of the business, and by the fact that the drug Ming Conde is a first step. On a separate tour of the whole drug industry, the net profit and the net profit margin are both industry leaders; after deducting the entire drug industry, the remainder of the drug ' s business is a net profit for the mother of $6.29 million, and the net profit rate for the mother is 13.13%, which is higher than Qinglong ' s transformation and wisdom chemistry (the new drug owner ' s incissulation).
Pre-cro in clinical practice, with a structure that does not fully overlap with several other companies, is influenced by industry attributes, and the fact that the cro/cmo operations are mostly based on the pace of completion to recognize revenue and collect payments makes companies generally in a better operating cash flow position.
In terms of Māori ratio levels, the drug discovery and pre-cro operations are ahead of the same companies (the Māori Unit of Māori/cdmo operations is expected to return to normal when they mature, given that they are still at an advanced stage of the market; the Māori Unit of cmo/cdmo operations is expected to return to normal levels)
In terms of the cost of the period, the sales cost for the cro/cmo sector as a whole is much lower than for the “product-marketing” industry, with few differences between companies; moreover, the management and financial cost rates for the drug Minding Condé are also at the industry average.Cro provides R & D services to its clients, and most of the costs of R & D activities are accounted for as operating costs.
The costs incurred by cmo in optimizing production processes for its clients are also accounted for in operating costs. The R & D costs of cro/cmo include, inter alia, inputs for upgrading technology platforms, and therefore R & D costs are usually lower than in the pharmaceutical industry. In absolute terms, the R & D costs of M & D are significantly higher than those of similar companies; because of the size of the harvest, the R & D costs of M & D are relatively low.
Figure 55: Comparable company R & D costs in 2017, in terms of net asset yields, the drug is in the first tier of the ranks. In terms of business policy, the net interest rate for the drug is 15.80%, slightly higher than the industry average, but breaking down the business shows that each business is in the industry ' s lead position;
In terms of financial policy, the equity multiplier for Physics Conduit is 1.95, which is higher in the same company.
The level of goodwill of the drug Ming Condé is higher than that of similar companies in the country, amounting to 958 million yuan; however, M & As restructuring is more common after the development of the crón industry to a certain stage, so it is not higher than that of other cro giants abroad. Moreover, the firm’s goodwill has been corrected on the basis of net assets, and the value of the drug Ming Condé has been adjusted to be lower than that of the Tag Pharmacy and Botten Unit.
Figure 57: Comparison of company goodwill in 2017 by type of work, with a majority share of the research and development and production staff of each of the cro/cmo companies, as in the case of Pharmacy Condé.
Healthy personnel structure is also a key driving force in the company’s long-term development in the technology-intensive and labour-intensive cro/cmo industry. After years of development, the company has developed a well-developed system of talent development and personnel management, and other small and medium-sized croes.
The company ' s position is threatened by its difficulty in establishing and effectively managing a sizeable workforce in the short term. Figure 58: Comparable number of employees in 2017 (by type of work) Figure 59: Comparable number of employees in 2017 (by education)
In terms of upstream/downstream relationships in the industrial chain, the ratio of sales to procurement by the top five clients of the drug Mind Condé and the top five suppliers is low in the same companies, client groups and suppliers are more dispersed, and the risk of changes in client demand or disruption of supply is relatively small, contributing to stability of operations.
Taking into account the company's leading position in global drug discovery and pre-cro services and its “engineer dividend” in the country, we believe that the company's market share in this business will increase further and continue to grow well over the next few years; the clinicalcro industry is still relatively small, but with greater potential for development and is one of the directions of the company's focus, plus researchpoint
The impact of the global matrix will be sustained at a high rate of growth over the next few years; benefiting from the transfer of productive capacity, the country ' s cmo/cdmo enterprises achieved annual corporate income of $6.82 billion and $2.67 billion, respectively, from business operations in cmo/cdmo, resulting in a significant increase in the overall exchange rate of business over the next few years, leading to a greater reduction in financial costs.
The impact of exchange rate fluctuations on performance is partially offset by company hedges with forward contracts in foreign currencies. Excluding exchange rate fluctuations by billions of dollars, overall operating income will continue to grow at a rate of 25-30% over the next few years.
The country's risk premium is calculated with a “risk premium”; given the short period of time in which the drug's share a landed, and the larger deviation in the calculation of the beta coefficient based on the returns on the drug's stock, we have used the longer-listed comparable company Tag, Botten, Hin-Swe's share of the drug as a combination of the last three years of the CS return, and the calculated value as the drug's Ming Conde.
Using the combined annual growth rate of global R & D spending for the last 10 years as a sustainable rate of growth. The present value of corporate equity is calculated as 1134.7.
Cro has a cost lead (3) with a greater potential for clinical growth in the business of the company (4) and a better global transfer of production capacity (cmo/cdmo) The domestic Cmo/cdmo firm (5) has a large advantage in small molecules (cmo/cdmo) (6) The company’s investment returns are gradually emerging, with the company being rated as buying-b.
Competition in the areas of drug discovery and pre-clinic cro, cmo/cdmo has increased: there are already a number of cro and cmo companies in the country, and the competitive market environment is likely to deteriorate.
A large amount of existing hospital and doctor resources may make it difficult for meddling Condt to take over its market. The integration after the acquisition of the researchpointglobal may not be as expected: the acquisition of the researchpointglobal will require the integration of its business team and the company’s former clinical core business team, which may not be as effective as expected to expand the United States normally.
Fluctuations in investment operations: there is greater uncertainty in investment operations, leading to greater fluctuations in the years in which investment returns are earned. Exchange rate fluctuations: the companies currently account for most of their operations in United States dollars and, although foreign currency forward contracts are hedged, there is still a risk of exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the renminbi.