Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
I. Mautai sales increased by 31.80 per cent and series sales doubled, resulting in higher than expected prices: 30205.52 tons in 2017 (expected to include early distribution in December 2016).
In line with market expectations, such as the increase in the share of non-supplier liquor, the net profit of the pots is rising high, and confidence in fundamentals is strong. Sales revenue is growing faster, at 42.71 per cent. Other series of liquor sales in 2017 are as follows:
A total of 29,902.84 tons, or 113.19 per cent more than in the same year, is worth noting the revenue from the sale of a series of liquor.
The faster growth of the series has led to a decline in the higher Maori share of the product structure.
The Māori rate has decreased by 0.68 pct. The combination of the two factors has reduced the Māori rate for liquor sales by 1.48 pct. According to cost analysis, the direct material cost of 59% and the direct person of 30% in 2017 were significantly higher than the increase in alcohol income (+49.76%).
No direct increase in bid prices has been made, and the increase in the price of non-target products alone has not, in effect, fully covered the cost increase, while the increase in the price of the series has been greater, resulting in a 9.20 pct increase in the Maori rate of the series.
Our point is that one thing: last year, the kowtow wine was sold more than 30,000 tons in a controlled rhythm and a tight supply, confirming the market’s improved demand for high-end white wine. In 2018, despite higher prices, the price of a batch of prices and final retail sales is expected to stabilize.
Guo Dai reported in 2017 that performance was higher than expected and that this year's period was better, and that it was not a problem to absorb 31,000 tons or even more of the mahogany in reasonable areas; and that this year's production was under less pressure than last year to increase the cost of production, and the company had changed by raising the price of the plant.
At the same time, we believe that, as the price of good products rises and the price of non-standard products, especially alcohol for the year, increases are expected to be relative, both consumption demand and sales are expected to grow faster, the structure of the product is expected to upgrade further, and the price of tons is likely to rise faster than expected.
The expansion of the wine series is surprising, and it will continue to be high in 2018, but taking into account the factors of productivity and the need for market digestion, sales are expected to increase at a slower rate than in 2017, but price increases are still to be expected, especially as the Prince's wine has developed raw wine.
After the sub-high-end price categories: 4 and upscaling were the main driving force behind the high growth in company performance in 2017, and an important driving force in sustaining company growth in 2018. Second, consumer taxes were better than expected, and advertising and market expansion costs increased by nearly 90%, with cost-effectiveness than desired.
In terms of sales costs, the company’s advertising and market expansion costs amounted to $2,359 million in 2017, an increase of 87.70 per cent, while transport costs and transport insurance costs also increased by 66.18 per cent, resulting in an increase of 66.18 per cent.
The sales cost rate is 4.89%, an increase of 0.70 pct over the same period.
The adjustment of the guidelines (management costs in 2016 include $7.817 million in taxes), as well as the economic effects of the scale-up, which resulted in a marked improvement in the management cost rate, with a decrease of 2.7 pct to 7.73%. The financial costs are related to the company’s health, with current financial costs of $55.72 million, prior period of $33.18 million, the same amount.
In three combinations, the company’s input in 2017 was effective, and the combined cost effect was better. While the sales and management rates were relatively high in four quarters alone, they were consistent with the company’s long-term pattern of input and cost recognition.
Our point is that: 1, a sound cost strategy and a scalding effect are important reasons for the continued improvement in net interest rates for company sales, and that the tasks associated with the higher-than-expected growth of the series and the overall income scale are slightly lighter than in 2017, and that the main ones are to be good at existing distributors and at the same time to absorb price increases.
Third, there is an increase in the share of direct sales, a rapid increase in the number of distributors and a sharper flattening of channels, and, during the reporting period, an increase of 648 domestic distributors and 19 foreign distributors have increased their share.
Not to reach 2,979 and 104, but the flatening of the channels is all the more prominent.
The Division better adjusts quotas to match market demand, while also helping to better regulate the price of products: 2, the increase in direct sales and the increase in the number of distributors and even the stratification, which helps to promote non-stamped tea and wine series, consistent with the company's future development strategy and business thinking.
A small decrease in advance receipts is still at historical highs, accounts receivable are sound and production capacity is rising steadily
In 2017, business income also grew at a rate of 41.80%, largely in line with market expectations.
The goal of a stable 50,000-ton annual production capacity is expected to accelerate in the development of a series of alcohol production capacity.
Billion dollar advance payments are still at historical highs, and the real rate of growth is consistent with the optimistic expectations of the market, which, in terms of current market sales and stocks, is strained, demands are not fully met, and rising productive capacity is an important guarantee of the company’s future growth.
In recent years, the white wine has been undergoing a major adjustment, with a downward revision of the valuation, the mainstream company being 22 times more than this year, and a 24-fold drop in the price of the Kotai in Guizhou. In our view, the premium is still high and, given the high growth in certainty, 30 times this year and 25 times next year.
Macroeconomic recession; short-term rapid increases in market prices have led to bad marketing, slower repayments, and so on. Kotai, Guizhou, in 2017, reported that performance was higher than expected, and this year was even better.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.