The Mahoubo event: the company published its annual report, which in 2017 generated a total of 61.06 billion dollars, representing a net return of 27.8 billion dollars to the mother.
Revenue profits were slightly higher than expected, with 17 years of strong and rapid demand-led high income growth: 1) led by a recovery in high demand for alcohol + upswing in public consumption, a total of 52.39 billion khokims were sold throughout 17 years and 30.2 million tons were sold, compared to +42.7 per cent and 31.8 per cent, resulting in a rapid increase in revenue performance.
In 17 years, the company changed the dealer’s lending policy, making advance payments on the basis of actual deliveries, and the change in advance payments reflects the actual deliveries made by the company during the period. 2) Seventeen years, the list of liquor receipts was $5.77 billion, with sales of 29.9 million tons, compared with 171.5 per cent and 113.2 per cent, achieving the middle end product.
The rapid expansion is expected to create a new income increase in the future. 3) 17 years of birth, year and high end of liquor, high-end liquor sales, including custom liquor, have increased, while 17 years of direct sales of $6.25 billion, +80 per cent, with revenue rising by 11 per cent, leading to an increase in the overall ton price; and a faster share of medium-end liquor series.
Increases and increases in the cost of raw materials production have led to a reduction of alcohol Maori by 89.8 per cent, or 1.5 per cent, compared to the same period.  Cost placements have stabilized gradually, tax effects have been phased out, increases in taxes and charges and changes in net deposits to central banks and counterparts have resulted in changes in net cash flows: 1) corporate sales costs have stabilized
Management costs of $4.72 billion, +12.7%, and management costs of 7.7%, are high. The company paid taxes and bank deposits in time bank deposits in 17 years, as well as the central bank ' s statutory deposit reserves.
▪ Strong demand supply and demand patterns have not changed, and Gianxy’s price boom has been positive for the long term: 1) strong demand has been concentrated during the strong season. Strong market demand has been combined with 17H1 puppies and insufficient market input, leading to a rapid rise in market prices and retail prices, and companies have been concentrated in the second half of the year, ensuring a spring boom.
At the same time, social demand is stable, the pre-supplier part of the end-sales is still missing and the stock levels of distributors are low. 2) Stability of market prices is good for industrial health.
We believe that during the spring season, the stable prices of the huts are more conducive to the long-term development of the huts. 3) Supply and demand are more conducive to the long-term development of the huts.
The pattern has not changed, and in the future it will enter a new phase of price-driven performance growth. At the end of the year, the puppies increased their output, and the "Wanting seasons outperformed their expectations, or the prices were followed by a reasonable distribution of profit from the channel.
The company is expected to use high-end alcohol in the future.
Increased direct sales ratio increases to a new stage of price-driven growth in future corporate income performance.  Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that Mao Dai led the white wine industry to a recovery in 17 years, relying on accelerated growth in goods
The card advantage quickly raised the market share of high-end liquor, achieving both consumption excellence and valuation of Davis.3 The meaning of " Mao-Tai " goes beyond the expected concentration during the 18-year high season and continues to be raised through product structure upgrades and direct sales increases
The scarcity and non-substantiation of the 207-04-25 brands of white wine itself maintains the “buy-in” rating, which is underused; food safety issues; and a series of alcohols that are not growing as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board