The performance is over-expected, and the leadership industry continues to grow at a very high rate.
Performance in 2017 is projected to be over-expected, with a net profit growth rate of 50%. Companies expect to achieve gross operating income of more than $60 billion, an increase of about 50% over the previous year, and a net return of about $9.7 billion over the same period last year, an increase of $26.4 billion, an increase of 58% over the same period.
In 2017, the company was able to produce about 4.27 million tons, a 9% increase over the previous year, and the end-of-service sales of about 30,000 tons, corresponding to accounts receivable.
The stock is now sufficient in the circulation b/h (millions of shares). As the spring festival is later this year (on 16 February) than last year (on 28 January), the effect of the spring festival will be greater in the quarter.
As the product structure continues to improve, the annual share of the market has risen year by year, adding up the growth generated by the average increase in product prices since the beginning of the year, thus contributing further to the company’s performance.
In order to control the risk of significant price increases at the end of the year, Mao Dai increased the volume of shipments by the early spring.
The distribution of not less than 7,000 tons of parchment, 6,000 tons of series of wine, increased regulation of distributors, sales were strictly restricted, and efforts were made to keep the market terminal price on the pow table at $1499 per bottle. At the same time, sales were intensified online, and the share of cloud vendors increased from 30 per cent to 40 per cent, with a further increase to 60 per cent in the future.
The current investment price for cloud traders is $1499, which helps companies to maintain a stable consumer data level.
The first price is $1699. We believe that the price of the bottle is not foamy, and the share price is not foamy. 2, "Gouzhou Maow" (600519): Performance is over-expected, and if the two actions of the "price increase plus price control" are in place, the price can be set at 1,500 more.
3 Guozhou Mautai (600519); Significant increase in advance payments and high-end pricing authority in hand, a model that is a monopoly on “volume prices” and should be given a higher 4 and Guizhou Mautai (600519): significant increase in receivables
To maintain the firm’s “highly recommended” investment rating.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Duren, England, and a double degree from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.