Value analysis for Consistency Holdings (002352.sz): Medium- and short-term performances maintained relatively high, long-term value space available Shareholdings (002352).
Incidents: Three-quarter reports in 2024 issued by HSBC. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved a net return profit of $7.617 billion, an increase of 21.59 per cent over the previous quarter; in the first three quarters, they achieved a net return profit of $2.81 billion, looking at the transformation of large logistics companies and the overall development of logistics operations.
The Consistency Holdings are based on a network of default operations, full-scale deployment of logistics operations, and the current overall development of time-bound, economic express, express, inter-city, international and supply chain operations has evolved into the largest integrated logistics service provider in Asia.
Short-term: robust growth in income and a gradual increase in profit margins 1) robust growth in income: revenues are expected to grow steadily in the first three quarters by 9.44 per cent and 12.07 per cent in the first three quarters by 12.07 per cent.
Driven by the capacity of the air network, the time-bound express service operations relied on increased revenue in the first half of 2024, increased service demand by 16.1 per cent in the first half of the year compared to growth in the fast-moving operations; multi-wheel-driven operations with higher revenue in the first half of the year compared to 18.5 per cent in the same period; supply chains and international operations caught up demand from the sea.
2) A gradual increase in the profit margin: capital spending is narrow and multi-netized, and corporate profitability is expected to increase continuously; on the other hand, the optimal operation of the company is sustained, the multi-net accommodation continues to lead to cost-end compression, and in the medium and long term: the international business at Orzhou Airport is enabled, and the corporate value space is opened.
With the operationalization of the Soho State Aviation Hub in the third quarter of 2023, the Ozhou hub has opened 55 domestic and 13 international freight routes, connecting 40 cities throughout the country, reaching 15 international terminals. With the increased presence of the fleet and the Ozhou Airport, international operations have accelerated and developed into a new hub.
Asia’s largest, global 4th, integrated logistics company, international couriers, freight forwarders, and supply chain operations have covered the development of international operations in 97 regions and countries, opening up forward value space for companies. Shareholders’ returns are expected to rise steadily.
Sunda Securities Co., Inc., announced in October of the year that it was proposed to split in the medium term, with a special share of over $6.7 billion, according to the company's next five centsco., ltd
The annual (2024-2028) shareholder return plan, 2024-2028 cash share, 2028 cash share, will increase steadily over 2023 from Golden House No. 127 West Avenue in Beijing City West Side, and the company will be in principle subject to the conditions of the cash share.
In our view, the preparation of a company’s long-term shareholder return plan reflects the company’s consideration of factors such as its own development strategy, stage of development, operating position, capital expenditure plan, cash flow, etc.
\triangleright’s \triangleright pipeline for courier logistics, with a wide range of medium- and long-term values, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: less time-frame requirements than anticipated; new business improvements than expected; excess capacity to deliver \triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, major areas of transport, new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.