Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) rating: companies publish medium-term and special dividends, looking for higher corporate value, Sufficiency Holdings (002352).
Events: The company issued its medium-term bonus programme and its special bonus programme in 2024, which received over $6.7 billion in red. The share has steadily increased, giving high priority to shareholder returns.
On 28 June, the company submitted its ipo application to Hong Kong, and on 12 September, the Hong Kong Federation handed over its listed members.
There will be a public hearing and, as of 10 October, the company issued a communiqué of the fifteenth meeting of the sixth Board of Directors to consider amendments to various regulations, including the Charter of the Company (to be applied when the shares are listed) and the Bill on the Revision and Development of Part of the Corporate Governance System, which will be delivered from the company to Hong Kong.
With the entry into force and implementation of listed transactions,h stock listings are steadily moving forward, and we believe that company listings will help to increase overseas financing capacity, accelerate international business expansion, further enhance brand influence, and improve stock holdings (002352.sz) are reported in mid-2024.
Stable growth of the statute of limitations + continued profitability of the new business + improved cash flow, looking forward to improved corporate value. Stable growth of the statute of limitations: business of the statute of limitations is a profit base, a straight business, air network and end-of-year net profit of $8.2 billion in 23 years, shareholder returns
A multi-dimensional service built deep barriers to production with the Axis irradiator hub, the billing unit price and profitability of the time frame, the January speed logistics business “open door red”, the supply chain and international business revenues.
2) Continued profitability of new operations: 1) Return of economic operations to Focus Camp, 21h2 ongoing clean-up of the preferential franchise and the removal of the loss-and-loss net in June 23 23 23 23rd year, the main hit was the "Embrand fast" direct system product, the product Sindha Securities Co. Ltd.
Accelerated business improvements are expected under structural combing; 2) fast transport or accelerated profit release, benefit network accommodation, cindasecuritiesco., ltd pattern improvement and compliance restoration double-wheel drive, future profitable space availability; 3) immediate distribution with the city
With regard to the Golden Mansion No. 127 A. in Beijing, in the west-city district of Beijing, the company was able to make a transfer through the optimization of its business structure, fine management and technology-driven drive, with a net profit of 24h1 having been increased to 62 million yuan.
(3) Continuous improvement in cash flows: After removing non-business-related tax return factors, the growth of the company ' s free cash model is expected to lead to a sustained increase in operating cash flows, on the other hand, the company ' s capital expenditure is either high, future or gradually shrinking, and the overall free cash flow is expected to continue to grow.
The company has successfully transformed its integrated logistics runners, and beyond the continuous consolidation of its real-time delivery infrastructure, the company has diversified into emerging industries such as fast, cold and medicine, colliding, supply chains and international industries, which have become market-led and profitable through multi-dimensional operations such as network accommodation, business structure optimization and so on.
Improved, steadily higher incomes plus higher profit margins, higher profits and valuations are expected to double.
The company, as the leader of the integrated express delivery logistics, has a wide range of medium- and long-term values and maintains “buy risk factors: timeliness requirements are less than expected; new business improvements are less than expected; and production capacity is outpaced \triangleright \triangleright
In major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, the components of the new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022 were not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations that the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.