The performance of 24q3 has been positive, with the medium-term and special division of 2024q3 from the south of Lo Gang, where the company adheres to a sustainable development strategy, with a steady growth of its operations.
See, in 2024, of the q1-q3 operating revenues of $20,686.1 million, rapid-moving logistics operations/supply chain firms continued to show a steady growth trend in the main business portfolios under their development strategies; and corporate supply chains and international operations were achieved by the same ratio, particularly with the return of international air and maritime transport demand and the company taking advantage of business opportunities.
Ningseji: Ningxiuqi_yj@chinastock.com.cn q3 single-season camp has reached a new high level in the year.
In 2024q3, the company further refined its network structure, released its economies of scale, released its Māori rate, and increased its Māori rate even more slightly. Companies are strengthening their profit-making and management, and science and technology endowments continue to improve management efficiency.
During the year, the capacity of the Orchid Lake hub continued to improve, and the level of integrated supply chain services was strengthened. By the first half of 2024, the Orchia hub had opened 55 domestic freight routes and 13 international freight routes.
In the first half of 2024, the company increased its volume of international cargo throughput by more than 50 per cent over the Orzhou hub in December 2023. During the year, Ozhou’s production capacity continued to increase. On 10 October, the company issued a public announcement proposing the mid-term distribution of the 2024 Red Programme and the special allocation programme.
According to the bulletin: 1) Medium-Term Red Dividend Scheme 2024: Gold Dividends are found to all shareholders for every 10 shares In the first half of the year 40% of the net profit of the mother. 2) Special Dividend Scheme: The risk of increased competition for gold is found to all shareholders for every 10 shares, and the Australasia Hub is able to raise the risk below expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.