Jo Xudong h was transferred to the Hong Kong Deep Port List for long-term development of the company.
The company's h share was transferred to the Hong Kong stock list and its liquidity was raised: recently, the company's foreign share (“h share”) was transferred to the Hong Kong and Hong Kong stock lists as of 23 December. The company's h share was listed on 27 November 2024, ending with a price stabilization period on 22 December.
H-share prices remain attractive. As the company’s h-shares are transferred to the Penang, Deep Harbour Stock List, the inward investors’ investment thresholds are lowered, which is expected to enhance the company’s h-shares trading liquidity, and the company’s internationalization strategy continues in the second half of the year: International 2024.
The freight market is warming, corporate revenues from international and supply chain operations are accelerating in the second half of the year, and the July-November convergence is an important strategy for the future, both to increase corporate internationalization on the h-stock market and to continue to promote the building of its own aviation resources. As of 21 December, the company’s fleet of cargo aircraft had expanded to include:
Group of 88 products, consisting of b737, b747, b757, b767 and other narrow, wide-body machines, allowing for a combination of long-, medium- and near-range flight ladders and enabling companies to achieve a combination of domestic statute of limitations and international fastware services
The size of the fleet of logistics companies, such as Toyotang, Kyoto and others, is currently around 13, 10, mostly Asia-based, with companies leading the mooring of air resources. Institutional investors account for the share of circulationa.
20 times, 17 times, 15 times, 16 times, 14 times and 12 times, respectively. The company's H-stock is transferred to the Hong Kong stock exchange list and is expected to benefit from the company's H-share price performance, while the public sector's international and supply chain operations are warming up, and we look forward to the company's long-term development, and we buy it.