Successfully joined the industry to Top10, but the net profit of the parent fell by 81%.
Growth, cumulative sales of $133.57 billion in January-July, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period, and the success of the trade top 10th camp, the sales performance of Hangzhou, Shanghai, South Sudan, and Nanjing all exceeded $10 billion.
Over 40 per cent growth in revenue was also achieved, but owing to carrying structures, product types, contagion shocks, price limits and so on, there was a marked decline in the level of corporate profitability, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $913 million, a decline in the same year.
Xiaogang.
In 2020, business snakes took advantage and sales performance increased significantly, with cumulative sales of $133.57 billion in January-July, an 11 per cent increase in comparison with the previous year, with successful participation in the Top10 industry, with sales in Hangzhou, Shanghai, South Sudan, and Nanjing outperformed by $10 billion. With a significant carry-over, businesses also registered more than 40 per cent growth.
However, due to factors such as carry-over structures, product types, epidemiological shocks, price restrictions, etc., the level of profitability of the enterprise has slipped significantly, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to 913 million yuan, an 81 per cent decline in the same year.The 2020 epidemic has had a significant impact on the sales performance of real estate enterprises, and with the continued efforts of housing enterprises,
Marketing performance has also recovered in an orderly fashion, with multiple housing firms returning to their same level in July 2020, with an average 2% increase in market performance in January-July to Top10. It is worth noting that in January-July, the total sales of SOE/AM in January-July 2020 resulted in a cumulative contract sales of $133.57 billion, an increase of 10.82% over the same period.
The sales area of 6.0144 million square metres, a decrease of 5.51 per cent from the previous year, 53.7 per cent of the target performance of $250 billion for the year, the merchants and snakes were also ranked among the 12th successful industry in 2019, with sales reaching $10 billion in four cities, including Hangzhou, Shanghai, Sunan, Nanjing, and so on, with a marked increase in the impact of the city. Considering that sales performance in the first half of the year was generally lower than in the first half of the year, and that it was received in the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic is more severe, and it is not so difficult for traders to achieve the $250 billion target for sales performance. Second, there has been a significant increase in revenue, but there has been a marked decline in profitability, which has increased significantly in terms of operating income and profit performance, but the profit rate has declined in the first half of 2020.
The main reason for the increase of 45.74 per cent over the previous year was: first, the significant increase in the size of real estate operations, which resulted from the large carry-over of projects such as the town of Wuhan Xiangjiang, the city of Shanghai Xinghua, the city of Shanghai, the host city of Guangqing and others, which resulted in a similar level of income in China, the region of East China and the Southwest region.
Second, in the area of park operations, the expansion of corporate property management operations has led to a greater increase in income from park operations on a year-on-year basis, with a gross profit rate of 23.85 per cent, down 14 percentage points from the same period in 2019.
(b) Second, there has also been a downward trend in the gross profitability of park operations, mainly due to changes in the park’s income structure, an increase in the property management business income ratio and the direct impact of the epidemic on the park’s rental operations.
In terms of profit structure, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies decreased considerably, with the first half of 2020 being listed in the first half of the first half of the year, the loss affected by the policy of regulation of limited prices for real estate projects was discouraged, and the structure of the carry-over of some property items led to a decline in the gross profit margin for community operations on a par, while the first half of the year saw the spread of some real estate projects.
(b) Second, since the outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic at the beginning of the year, companies have taken measures such as rent reliefs for rental properties, which have led to a significant decline in profits from the public sector’s park operations:
During the same period in the third year, 2019, the profit base was raised by net after-tax gains from the transfer of subsidiary shares, including through the replenishment of equity. As one of the firm’s vendors, their claims for scale are now strong, and the investment end is outstanding.
In the first half of 2020, the market for traders continued to be positive, and in January-June 2020, there was a cumulative increase in the area of land.
Two hundred and fifty-eight thousand square metres, with a cumulative planned area of 6.6009 million square metres, with a total land value of 63.5 billion yuan and an equity value of 405.57 million yuan, and a number of high premium items in new projects in 2020. On 15 June, after a 796 round of competitions, a total of 2,422 million yuan was collected from a residential plot in Jiangsu Xu Xu County, with a premium of 138.45 per cent and a discount on the floor.
The price is $6579/m2. The maximum floor price of the plate was updated. On 3 July, the merchant snakes took down the Shanghai Rainbow Pass plot at $4.404 billion, at a premium of 28.4 per cent, and the price of the docking floor was approximately $8.11 million/square.
There is a certain advantage, but high premiums also have a negative impact on the profitability of the business, so for merchants to keep the pace of their own investment and to secure the advantages of their layout, they need to take into account the issues of profitability and efficiency. One of the greatest expectations of the industry for merchants is the realization of the pre-sea project, which is within the scope of the pre-sea landscape.
A total of 4.5584 million square metres of construction space (excluding rooms for talent) had been set aside for the project as at 30 June 2020, with 392.81 million square metres remaining unworked. In 2020, the Commissary had also initiated a reorganization with the Southern Oil Group to acquire 24 per cent of the South Oil Group ' s shareholdings and introduce Ping.
As a strategic investor, funding will be raised to cover the cash exchange portion of the acquisition of 24% of Yuzhmorgeologiya’s equity. The assets held by Yuzhmorgeologiya are indirectly held by the former Sea Snakes Development Co. Ltd. (“former Sea Self-Trade”) of Shenzhen, a company that recruited its business through Shenzhen City.
The trading zone has high-quality land resources. If the deal is successfully concluded, the Southern Oil Group will become a full-fledged subsidiary of the merchants, which will help to increase the share of business interests in the former sea trade and increase the value of the former seamount resources enjoyed by the merchants, and progress in restructuring remains to be seen.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.