Tigermed (300347 CH)
Business stabilizing from late September
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB80.31
Tigermed reported 3Q23 revenue of RMB1,940mn, up 7.1% YoY (vs +3.3%
(Previous TP
RMB94.41)
YoY in 1H23), and attributable recurring net income of RMB405mn, down 3.8%
Up/Downside
31.5%
Current Price
RMB61.07
full-year estimate, in line with its historical average, while attributable recurring
net income represented 22.7% of our forecast, which fell short of its historical
China Healthcare
average of ~27%. If excluding COVID vaccine revenue, 3Q23 revenue would
Jill WU, CFA
grow by ~18% YoY (vs ~27% YoY in 1H23). Management indicated a policy
headwind impacting patient enrolments in 3Q23, which has already largely
resumed normal by late Sep. Gross profit margin (GPM) in 3Q23 continuously
rose to 41.2%, improving by 1.0ppt QoQ and 0.2ppt YoY. According to
Benchen HUANG, CFA
management, GPM would be ~41.7% if excluding COVID vaccine revenue,
which declined 1.3ppt YoY. The adj. gross margin dilution was mainly due to
Stock Data
the impact from policy headwinds, margin pressure from lab business and the
strong recovery of low-margin SMO services. Additionally, new orders
(excluding pass-through fees) signed in the quarter achieved positive growth
was RMB673mn, down 18.5% YoY.
Source: FactSet
Globalization to serve as a long-term driver. Tigermed acquired a
Shareholding Structure
Croatia-based clinical CRO, Marti Farm, in Jan 2023, further enhancing its
service capability in Europe. Althrough the Company adjusted its personnel
in Europe to reflect the post-COVID demand changes, Europe still plays a
Source: HKEx
critical role for patient enrolments in MRCTs as well as for biosimilar
Share Performance
projects. In the US, Tigermed doubled its local clinical operation team to
more than 110 staff in 1H23. In the Europe and US market, Tigermed
strategically aims to collaborate with small- to mid- sized companies with
intention of incorporating China in their MRCTs (especially CGT projects)
Source: FactSet
and Chinese clients going to overseas markets. Management expected the
growth of the US and EU business to outpace that of Tigermed as a whole.
12-mth Price Performance
Besides, Southeast Asia and Latin America market with large population
bases continue to remain as strategic end markets for Chinese pharma
companies in the long term, creating extra business opportunities for
Tigermed.
ADC and obesity to trigger additional clinical demands. Although the
global biotech market has saw an initial inflection point in terms of financing.
management of Tigermed pointed out the continuously decreasing risk
Source: FactSet
tolerance of clients, leading to the longer waiting time from request-for-
proposals (RFPs) to contract signing. However, management indicated that
the successful POC and commercialization of certain products in
international market, such as ADC and obesity drugs, will bring additional
clinical demands to clinical CROs. Specifically, Tigermed has already
observed a growing interest from client on obesity drugs.
Maintain BUY. We revised our TP from RMB94.41 to RMB80.31, based on
a 10-year DCF model (WACC: 11.5%, terminal growth: 3.0%), to factor in
slower projection of recurring net income growth. We forecast Tigermed's
revenue to grow 7.3%/ 24.9%/ 26.0% YoY and attributable recurring net
income to grow 9.2%/ 23.8%/ 27.6% YoY in FY23E/ 24E/ 25E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.