2024 and 2025: performance is on schedule, high-end products are on a continuous basis, research assistant Lee Boway
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients + 14.9 to 1569 Unit Prices + 14.9 to 1569; sales/productions
In Thailand, the company’s production capacity has been phased in, with full production capacity, and in 2024, the company’s revenue/net profit share from the company’s tetahopte (a fully-owned plant in Thailand) saw a rapid increase in the share of 800g/400g products, and the silicon light module, pushing the company forward.
Increased productivity and output of the silicon light module overseas. Thanks to increased output and integration of the business system, the cost of company sales/management/research and development in 2024 was 0.8 per cent/2.8 per cent/5.2 per cent.
We see the following trends in industrial demand in 2025: 1) Under the three-fold trend of reasoning demand highlighting + arithmetic + card supply expansion + self-built network, the demand for 800 g light modules in 2025.
It will be fully released; 2) British Weida will continue to maintain the excellence of the hardware and software system in training, training and integration, while its client structure will continue to be optimized and will lead further to such cutting-edge products as 1.6t.
Intergenerational application; 3) Silicon light module with materials to ease the shortage of light chips and so on, to absorb silicone co-encapsulation trends, and to reduce the cost of three layers of industrial logic, is expected to accelerate penetration. Company comments as a contact with large clients: growth trends are positive, looking forward to silicon light, 1.6t
Close global head manufacturers are able to respond to demand from mainstream customers, while increasing production in an orderly manner, and, in the context of upstream material scarcity, deep silicon chip layouts are expected to yield structural advantages to material supply chains, thus benefiting from industrial demand trends in 800g, 1.6t and silicon light.
The annual net return profit was adjusted from RMB 945.1115 billion to RMB 824.970 billion, and the forecast for 2027 is that R & D will fall short of expectations; competition in the industry will increase; supply of raw materials will be scarce; and industrial technology will overlap.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.