Xin Yishan Mountain, Mid-Sud (300308.sz) has improved their profitability during the quarter, and the offshore capacity of 2025 remains high demand.
On 22 May 2025, the company ' s Māori ratio (33.8 per cent) and net interest rate (22.5 per cent) were further realized as a result of the rapid increase in the share of high-end products such as 800g/400g, the continued optimization of the product structure and the continued mitigation efficiency gains.
The net profit margin, such as higher product share and lower costs, and better rates in overseas factories, has risen. The first quarter of 2025 saw a positive year-round slowdown in ring growth, with company capacity continuing to grow to meet demand for delivery. The first quarter of 2025 saw a gradual slowdown in corporate income growth, mainly due to a large clientele of 800g.
Switch to 1.6t, ib market transition to roce, etc. The 800-g drop in volume and ring ratio are clear, and the 400-g drop in output is mainly due to a more 800-g shift from overseas customers. Meanwhile, according to the consistent expectations of factset, four companies -- Microsoft, Meta, Google, Amazon -- total capex.
It is expected to rise by 37% to $30.55 billion in the same year, and in the latest 25q1 financial report we see a steady guide to capital spending. Corporate capacity climbs rapidly to respond to growing demand and reflects a stable share of the company’s supply.
The power of the silicon chip is one of the world’s leading, and the Thai factory has become the main source of overseas customers. Face the light module.
On the one hand, the firm’s self-research of silicon chips has produced a large volume of 400-g products, and the 800-g silicon light ratio will gradually rise in 2025, targeting 1.6t major customers.
The company's silicon light program or its main supply power. According to yole, the Xinjiang will be the lead manufacturer of the silicon silicon light module in 2025, ahead of the past silicon chip intel.
In the face of tariff shocks since 2025, under the most recent policy, there has been an exemption for semi-carrier-classified telecommunications equipment, light modules, etc., so that Thai exports are temporarily duty-free, and companies have acquired the capacity to deliver fully from Thailand, thanks to the scale of capacity-building in the past.
Beyond overseas computing: Domestic computing and vehicle-borne communication have also become new spots. q4 domestic \triangleright has a combined capex of $70.7 billion in 2024, a 253.5 per cent increase in the rate of service for ai.
The bulk of the increase is in power and network equipment. Lightcounting predicts that China will have a field size of $6.5 billion in 2029 and that the domestic market will grow in a flash in 2025 under the deployment requirements of Deepseek and various smart applications. In 2024, the company ' s domestic market revenue will reach 31.5 per cent.
In addition, in 2024, the company achieved $760 million, a significant increase of 128.1 per cent.
Rapidly developed, the company uses smart steering as an innovation brand for car light electronics, with vehicle-borne communication and telemetry as the core of the breakthrough. In March 2025, smart-wielding released the first global car-borne 4.0-based pcie, light transfer modules and solutions that are expected to drive the fttv (fibertothevehicle) on board in the future.
The landing of the bus network, which is benefiting from the sustainability of global i-infrastructure inputs and the continuous increase in the ai chip bandwidth, is expected to affect overseas csp capital spending less than anticipated by the aiinfra landings and the uncertainty of tariff policies.
In North America, csp imports of new suppliers have led to a decline in the share of a company's available supply; a reduction in the overall Māori ratio of companies as a result of an increase in the domestic collection ratio: changes in exchange rates affect the profitability of companies, etc. Financial statement forecasts and valuation data are summarized
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.