Mid-Station (300308.sz) A little over-expected in a quarter, and the ai will continue to drive the industry.
The company issued a quarterly performance forecast, expected to realize a net return profit of $1.41.7 billion in the first quarter of 2025, and the demand for 800g/400g high-speed products continued to rise: 800g and 400g high-end module sales were made during the reporting period as a result of the continued construction of power-base facilities by end-users and strong growth in capital spending
There has been a significant increase in sales, a sustained optimization of the product structure, and a substantial increase in corporate operating income and net profit on a year-on-year basis. In addition, a quarter of companies have recognized equity incentive costs for restrictive stock incentive schemes, employee equity schemes, etc., resulting in a reduction of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies by about 37 million.
We believe that the demand for high-speed light modules brought by ai will continue over the next few years, that corporate performance will increase, that tariff concerns will ease slightly, and that the demand for a light module industry will be laid by a fast-growing ai: the company now accounts for about 88% of the revenue abroad, most of which is exported to major United States-owned plants.
The problem has recently subsided, with Thailand’s relevant production capacity, which was previously deployed by the company, being suspended for 90 days, expected to be affected in the short term less than previously expected by the market. The development of the ai industry is still the most important science and technology competition in the world, with the light module being of high importance to the ai technology, and the value of the ai industry chain.
Relatively low, and as a result, large clients such as Internet manufacturers were willing to bear the brunt of the product mix tariff fluctuations in the course of the transaction; and because of the importance of light module products, the scarcity of production worldwide, production
The cost, such as the cost of the photochip, is imported from the United States, so that the light module has the potential to be exempted from the relevant tariffs; in addition, in terms of the overall competitive pattern of the industry, the production capacity of the major overseas competitors is also largely concentrated.
Institutional investors account for Asia’s share of the share in circulation a. Taken together, companies are undervalued by the impact of the tariff event or by a lower than previously anticipated market site.
The company is the global leader in the field of light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: light is the core area of the computing industry, and the company is firmly in the world's leading position.
First, the head is strong. The new product, the company ' s 1.6 t light module product, has entered the testing phase and is expected to be delivered in a small volume of O4 this year, up from 2025, leading to a new round of growth; and the company ' s silicon light technology is well stocked and now has a 1.6 t silicon light solution.
And self-researching silicon chips. We believe that there will be enough company technology in the future to keep the industry at the forefront in an era of high demand.
The capital expenditure of overseas cloud producers is not as high as expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.