High performance in the ai pull, sustained release of high-speed light module time-limited — performance ratings for the 2024 annual report and the 1q25 quarterly report
56.83 per cent more. On the one-quarter side, 4q24 achieved revenues of $6.550 billion, an increase of 77.61 per cent.
High-speed progress in artificial intelligence-building within the sphere of the ball, with companies benefiting from the growth in demand for high-speed light modules, represented by 400 g, 800g, and a high-volume basis for the company’s products. According to light counting, benefits are derived from the strong demand for e-net receivers in a cluster application of the ai, as well as the cloud.
The service provider upgrades its intensive dwdm network, etc., with a global market size of 2024-2029 or 22 per cent of cagr remaining on track and expected to reach $37 billion by 2029. Corporate operations abroad accounted for 86.81 per cent in 2024, while 4q24 had Microsoft, Meta, Valley in the first quarter of 2024.
The combined capital expenditure of four companies in Go and Amazon rose by 69 to 70.6 billion dollars on a year-on-year basis. According to the factset, the combined capital expenditure of four companies in 2025 is projected to increase by 37 to 30.5 billion dollars on a year-on-year basis, superimposed by strong demand from the British Weidagb 200 and gb300 cabinets, mainly 800g and 1.6t.
The high-speed light module is expected to provide companies with sufficient growth dynamics. Investment proposal: as the Internet giants move deeper into the i and the big model layout, gpu servers will lead the brain count base or will be one of the main directions for the year 2025 and the future, for high Maori 800g
The need for more high-speed light modules has continued to rise, and the development and testing of higher-speed 1.6 t light modules may well go further, with companies leading the industry and promising a continuing status and core technological competitiveness based on high industry growth.
Less than expected risks, increased competition in the light module industry, etc. Medium-to-Technology (300308.sz): high performance and a major development in the light module tap.
2. [Galactic communication] Middle and Middle Creatures (300308.sz): Profitability is continuously optimized, and the research and development delivery power industry leads by 3. [Galactic communication] Communications industry point review: British Weida high performance.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.