q1 shows steady improvement in performance and profit margins continue to improve, mid-year reviews of 24-year newspapers & a quarter of 25 April 2025, mid-year reports 2024 and quarter q1 2025.
The net profit of the mother was $5,171 million, an increase of 137.93 per cent. q1 quarter data show that the company's current operating income is $6,674 million, an increase of 37.82 per cent, and a net return to the mother is 1,583 million.
The increase in the size of the company during the year was mainly due to the impact of large-scale shipments of light-module products, in addition to the increase of 128.11 per cent in car-optics and electronics, and the intelligence of the subsidiary and its subordinates.
Musical and electronics help companies to improve their business. At the level of net profit, profits rise from 800g/400g of high-end products, Māori rates from product optimization, and net interest rates. In addition, the company’s optical module capacity, output, and sales have increased over 24 years.
The “Base of Production Project” continues to advance, and the continuous upgrading of production capacity provides a solid basis for sustainability of company performance expansion. Cost control capacity has improved, and profit margins have gradually improved.
Shares have been significantly weaker than income levels in the last year compared to depth of 300, a downward trend that continued in q1 in 25 years, with sales/management/research showing a steady forward trend, with a Māori ratio of 2024 company light module products of 34.65 per cent, compared to the previous
Trade warfare impacts or is less than expected, and arithmetic needs generate light-based module needs. We believe that middle ground is either affected or less than anticipated by the trade war, for the following reasons: 1) companies have good long-term relationships with major customers and suppliers, and customers are more sticky; 2) companies can go outside.
In addition, since this year, the reasoning model, represented by DeepSeekr1, has moved into an intensive period of time, and the need for reasoning has grown rapidly, and companies, as leading companies in global light communications, are expected to benefit first from this round of reasoning.
Arithmetic trends, with specific product patterns in the following two dimensions: 1) the traditional light module continues to grow towards q3 performance and the light communication industry is intensive, accelerating the acceleration of the fast-rate series; 2) cpo silicon module has a clear logic of low power consumption and is expected to carry
— October 25, 2024, q1 High Performance Growth, Qai Driver Light Module Releases. With the increase in capital spending by cloud producers in North America/Congress, the Arithmetic Clusters have become new.
The situation is beginning to emerge, and the light-based telecommunications industry chain, represented by the light module, is expected to be further strengthened. The company is the world’s leading light-module manufacturer and is expected to grow at a high rate with 800g/1.6t light.
Large-scale models are not commercialized as expected; North American cloud producers are not investing as expected; network structures are changing; macroeconomics are not as commercial as expected; and corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.