Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: on 16 April, the company issued an advance performance announcement for the first quarter of 2021, which is expected to be achieved
The net profit of the mother was $5.2-5.8 billion, an increase of 137-164 per cent over the same period; the core view is expected to be that the net profit of the non-retroactivity of the mother: q1 net profit forecast of $5.2-5.8 billion, the hub of $5.5 billion, is close to market expectations Some investors are concerned about the sustainability of the industry landscape, and spare parts platoons are being tracked from the present time
According to production, sales, downstream start-up data, the industry is still in a good mood, and looking forward to the year, we believe that there may be quarterly fluctuations in the growth rate of the industry in 2021, but that the industry as a whole will remain stable.
The alpha values are driven, shaped, protected, baptized by a wave of sand, and ultimately realized, "The King is the King, the Power is the Strong." At present, companies value less than 14 times, undervalued, maintained a “buy-in” rating.
• The engineering and machinery industry has remained high and the company's performance has grown high. According to the latest industrial chain: 1 spare parts supplier has been full of production and, against a high base, in April there was still a double-digit increase in excavator tank output on the same basis; 2 low base has been added up to the end of the year.
Project work continued, equipment requirements were maintained, host plant sales were higher than expected, 127,000 in the excavator industry were combined during the quarter, compared to 85 per cent in the previous quarter, and the vehicle crane industry combined sold 8214 items in January-February, an increase of 83 per cent in the same year; 3 downstream start-up data: in March, the start-up was 122 hours for Matsuma.
At that time, it was 8 per cent higher than in March 2019, when it was 136 hours lower, but still at a higher level, while the iron net 2 mobile phone start-up rate averaged 91.1 per cent for the country as a whole, and the start-up rate for new machines and mobile phones was relatively high, proving better for downstream property, infrastructure, etc.
The demand for engineering machinery is real and efficient, and the industry is on the rise. In this context, the company’s performance is at an all-time high in three months of sales and sales.
In terms of sales, 31 March saw a $10 billion break in sales, exceeding the $6.6 billion sales peak of the month of December 2020. Of this, as overseas markets recover, Trinity sells once a month a billion. Combined, two dimensions, leading firms perform excellently, according to our analysis.
The year 2020, the third heavy worker reported an in-depth assessment of the company ' s rate of diggers in the year 2020 at around 28 per cent, rising on average over the last 10 years, and the future of the R & D layout, leaving the strong Wang.
According to the 2pc rhythm, the market is expected to reach 30% for the year 2021, and the export market will be the largest.
• The q1 profit margin is expected to continue to rise on a year-on-year basis and the ring ratio will remain stable. 1 q1 revenue increased by 117 per cent (mocked, for information purposes only) less than the net profit increase, with net interest rates continuing on a year-on-year basis, sales of 37,000 excavators at an average cost of 400,000 in 2020, and revenues from the disassembly plates.
At 149.9 billion, at 40%, q1 had a total income of 37.47 billion, with net interest rates still rising at the same rate compared to 2020.2 The q1 ring ratio will remain stable in 2021.In 2020, it was subject to product restructuring, dealer price discounts, price increases for raw materials, and accounting standards.
The material price increase will still affect the Māori rate, but will remain stable overall for the following reasons: (1) improved product structure. Digger segment: Excavator sector in a quarter. Cumulatively, in January-March, 85.3 per cent of the total number of dredging industry; crane component: affected by the epidemic in 2020, exported.
Markets have been blocked, with more exports of high Maori large tonnage products, better control of the epidemic in 2021, recovery of exports, and an expected increase in the share of high Māori products. (2) Dealers have raised their final sales prices for the first quarter of the year, higher profitability rings, and less pressure on prices. In February 2021, 311.
Thirty-one is the main plant, and the price for agents reduces pressure. (3) The scale effect continues to be apparent, as well as the bargaining power of the stronger industrial chain. In the face of higher prices for raw materials, companies, on the one hand, have a new high in sales, and the scale effect is significant, and, on the other hand, because of the size of the company, they are the largest in the chain.
Downstream customers, with a strong bargaining power, can channel some of the cost pressures to upstream suppliers, and have the effect of hedgeing the price pressure on raw materials. In 2021, under an international and digital layout, it is hoped that the cycle will be smooth, with profit stability raised.
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in the pace of economic growth, with less than expected impact on the capital-remedial shortboard; overseas market openings have been blocked; city, table 1, table 1 and round table 1 and table 2 and table 2, table 3, step in the direction of digital upgrading of the industry.
The company's revenue grew by 31.29 per cent in 2020, and the company's revenue from excavators reached $37.530 billion in 2020.
The company's revenue from concrete machinery was 27.5 billion in 2020, and the automobile crane industry sold 53,657 in 2020.
The company ' s heavy machinery revenue has reached $19.41 billion since 2020, and the 31-Māori rate declined slightly in 1520 and the net interest rate rose.
Diagram 18,3 1xDubon analysis (Red 2020, Black 2019)
The company's research and development expenditure as a percentage of total revenue has been increasing, and the composition of the employees of the 23rd company is changing, closely following the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.