:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • Core view: performance is largely as expected.
In the stock market, the firm, as a leader, relies on innovation-driven innovation to build a deeper protection of the city, and the firm's prices compare to 300 deep, and the strong will be stronger and more competitive;2 real operating net cash flows will be better, and
In 2014-2019, the company continued to operate a net cash flow that exceeded the net cash flow of the company, and continued to optimize the quality of its operations. In 2020, it acquired the Trinity Car Finance Corporation, which was internally offset by the cash flow generated by its financial leasing operations, although on account.
Cash flows are lower than net profits for the first time, but higher real cash flows with internal offsets.3 Higher profitability and competitiveness are evident. The company ' s Māori ratio is 30.32%, compared to 2.37pt, net profit is 15.85%, compared to +0.66pt, with a marked upgrading of digital transformations, good internal controls, Māori
Each year, in a context of modest growth in domestic markets, overseas markets will be a new bright spot for performance, with a firm recommendation to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In 2020, the company achieved an operating income of RMB 10054 million, an increase of 32.23 per cent over the same period.
27.23% weight, the world ' s first concrete equipment brand. Against the backdrop of environmental and road regulations, the cement industry as a whole entered a peak stock update period, according to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, with a combined sales volume of 137,000 concrete and machinery units in 2020, an increase of 41%; and 3 liftings.
The machine achieved revenues of 19.41 billion yuan, an increase of 38.84 per cent, or 19.54 per cent, and the city of Car cranes.
— Three-by-one in-depth work reports series II Capacity, marketing systems, channel development, and enabling companies to achieve a “driver overcarriage” with an increased share of major markets abroad.
Three-pronged work: Digitalization drives mitigation efficiency, internationalization support through cycles - in-depth reporting is a multifactor that leads to a decline in the Māori rate, a rise in net interest rates, increased profitability and increased competitiveness
The Māori rate has declined as a result of multiple factors such as raw materials, accounting, product structure, etc..2 Business-cost adjustments, company use of new accounting standards in 2020, and inclusion of freight costs in sales to 3.97 pct, mainly due to the decline in the average price of excavators.
On the other hand, giving distributors discounts, the average price fell from $450,000 in 2019 to $40.096 million in 2020. Since the second half of 2020, middle-dwelling sales have continued to take the lead, with product structures in the context of capital resilience and medium-dwelling new products.
The impact of the epidemic has hampered the export of the high Maori ton crane. In the future, the recovery of overseas demand has led to a strong rise in the weight ratio. Concrete machinery: 27.30%, a decline of 2.52 pct over the same period, product structure changes are a major factor, with low Māori blending products due to the “overrule” transition.
Sales are increasing faster and proportionally. In 2021, the weight of the Māori burden came mainly from the cost side, and the Division expected to achieve this control through standard batch quantification, supplier diversification, and digitization of the supply chain. We believe that the Māori rate will remain stable overall in 2021.
In 2020, the cost for the public sector was 12.80%, compared to 1.92pt, where sales and management costs maintained a downward trend. Companies achieved significant efficiency gains while actively promoting digitization, intelligence.
The decline in the Māori rate has been accompanied by higher net interest rates, increased profitability, and increased competitiveness of companies.
The last cycle has relied mainly on real-estate infrastructure, relative homogeneity of demand, and the current cycle, in addition to capital resilience, machine-to-man, renewal of demand, multiple pull-in of export demand, wide demand, cross-linking, and the landscape will continue.
The influx of players has led to vicious competition in the industry, and aggressive marketing policies overstretched demand in the industry, causing it to quickly enter the adjustment period. In the current cycle, after a market wave, the supply side has been optimized, leading firms out of business, and the industry as a whole has moved into a stage of rational development. In the case of diggers, for example.
In 2021, with internationalization and digitalization, it was hoped that the cycle would be smooth, profit stability stable, economic growth would decline significantly, capital panels would be less effective than expected, overseas market openings would be hampered, stock prices of the three-in-one stock market would change substantially in two cycles, and the company's alpha attributes would be prominent.
The cycle has been dominated by a rise in downstream demand and a rise in the industry landscape, brought about by macro-policy regulation; changes have been made in the current cycle at both the industry and corporate levels: at the industry level: the whole industry is healthier and more sustainable, as reflected in: 1 demand structure.
There is a trend towards diversification, capital investment and machine-driven demand for new and additional demand, stock upgrading and environmental switching. 2 Client structures are different, with an increasing number of experienced old clients downstream of the mainframe plant, professional upgrading of the client community, rational acquisition of machines, and low demand. 3 Competition Ecologics are different: the context for increasing competitiveness in the country’s product plates.
At the firm level, the rest are kings, and the strong are strong. In stock market games, the three-tiers are leaders, guided by both digitalization and internationalization strategies, will rely on the product’s own advantages (performance, services, etc.) and supply.
The chain advantage (scale effect, lower cost, strong bargaining power) + the financial advantage (with capital investment in R & D), the continued capture of the market, and the reliance on innovation-driven, deeper branding of the moat, the baptism of the sands and the ultimate achievement of “the king is the king and the strong is the strong”.
In terms of the digital transition upgrade, the digitization of thirties can be understood to be three levels: 1 drives up the operational dimensions of tri-one boost, drops, efficiency gains, savings, etc. Since September 2020, the thir-one pump, stumps, heavy cards, etc.
Dozens of lighthouse plants, such as restarting, blending stations, have been brought back into production or production. In March 2021, the Trinity Beacon plant officially became operational, with automating productivity close to 80%, and production capacity increased by 50%.
Intelligentity, efficiency and productivity have all increased significantly. 2 Businesses have shifted to manufacturing services. Introduction of changes in their own business models, such as leasing, long-distance transport, and integration, has expanded the scope of business operations. 3 External empowerment.
Figure II.3: Digital upgrading of industries, maintains a strategy of internationalization and enhances global market competitiveness. Companies are now largely internationalized in terms of R & D, manufacturing, sales, 10 marketing regions worldwide, and four production bases (United States, India, Pakistan).
The corporate globalization strategy has been effective in improving market competitiveness by internationalizing research and development, absorbing the technological gains of developed countries, and internationalizing production, reducing costs, expanding capacity, and reaping the development dividends of emerging markets.
The layout is almost complete, and the expansion of global market shares has become a new and important goal, with overseas epidemics fermenting in the first half of 2020, corporate challenges turning into opportunities, market share rising inversely, and the share of excavators in major markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia, and South-East Asia increasing dramatically.
The internationalization of the industrial unit in figure 3, three and one, we believe that companies are on track to double their valuation and performance. Performance: three and one industrial digital transformation is on the rise, and the grade is at the top of the world's fragmented manufacturing industry, with better long-term competitiveness, on the one hand, reflected in a catch-up scheme.
Model growth, profit elasticity greater than revenue; on the other hand, in cash flow, high risk control, good asset quality. 2 Valuation: Carter, Pine, more affected by the small epidemic from an income point of view, significant decline in income scale, 31 income size, historic rise in 2020; ratio of overseas income
Look, about 60% of Carter's income, more than 80% of his income, a more stable pattern of income areas, a higher share of overseas income, a more domestic income, and a greater scope for future overseas expansion. Carter and Matsunaga, based on 2021 income projections, pe are about 29, 21 times higher, and three have recently returned stock prices, with lower valuation levels and steady performance.
In 2020, the company achieved business income of $10054 million, an increase of 32.23 per cent in the same year (up from $993.42 million in interest income before the consolidation of the Tri-Car Fund), an increase of 36.24 per cent in the same year; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $15,431 million;
In comparison with the same period in 2019, R & D costs $4.99 billion for the whole of 2020, an increase of 2.1.1 points in operations: diggers, cranes, bright eyes, excavators, a marked increase in city share, and an increase in sales of small, micro-diggers.
In terms of volume one, in 2020, the company achieved a volume of 91,623 excavators, an increase of 50.82 per cent in the same year and a municipal rate of 27.97 per cent, a significant increase in the share of large, medium and small digs in terms of tonnage, including 2 prices, 2020, average company sales of excavators of approximately $40.96 million, a decrease of about 40,000 from 2019.
On the one hand, as a result of product restructuring, small and micro-digger-type upgrading, we believe that the high rate of small digs is due mainly to the first release of the need to re-engineer in the field of downstream applications (municipal engineering, village construction) in the first half of 2020, and the second half of the year, the need for medium and large digs is being released, but the overall rate of small digs is still higher;
On the other hand, as a result of price concessions for distributors, where companies test distributors at a market rate and provide incentives through commission return (costing) and price discounts (price reduction), the sales commission increased by only 3 per cent in the same year as the sales of companies expanded in 2020, we believe that companies have a strong discount on distributors to ensure stable channels.
Increases, which in turn affect the overall average price.3 On the revenue side, the company's excavator business has achieved a total annual revenue of $37.530 billion, an increase of 35.85 per cent, compared with 35.85 per cent. Concrete machinery: according to IAEM data, in 2020, the volume of concrete machinery sold across the industry was combined.
A total of 137,000 units, representing a 41 per cent increase over the same period, of which 11,917 pumps, representing a 66 per cent increase over the same period, were close to the peak of the previous round (12,030 units), with 46 per cent and 41 per cent respectively of mixing stations and blenders, while the cement industry as a whole reached a peak of stock renewal in 2020, against the backdrop of environmental and road regulations.
Land operations generated revenues of 27.5 billion yuan, an increase of 16.6 per cent, or 27.23 per cent of total revenue, and were the first brand of global concrete machinery, with a lower rate of growth mainly influenced by overseas markets, with German Pumay dragging the overall performance.
Corporate revenue from concrete machinery amounted to $27.5 billion in 2020: in 2020, the company earned $19.41 billion in cranes, or 38.84 per cent more than in the previous year, with a faster market share for automobile cranes. In 2020, the entire industry sold 53.657 million cranes.
As a post-cycle variety, we believe that the cranes have grown with greater strength, adding to other engineering and mechanical operations abroad: in 2020, the plant machinery earned $6,825 million, an increase of 41.9 per cent, compared with 6.87 per cent, and was China ' s first brand; and the road machinery sales generated 2,804 million yuan, an increase of 30.59 per cent, compared with 2.82 per cent.
2.1.2 Sub-markets: The overseas strategy has been steadily advancing and the market share has been rising inversely Sub-markets, where firms have achieved revenue of $827.2 million and $1410 billion, respectively, respectively, at a rate equal to the rate of increase, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on Pumay, which has led to a decline in income.
The marketing system, the development of channels, and the export of the main product excavators abroad outpaced 10,000, increased by more than 30%, and grew faster in the dominant markets of South-East Asia, as well as in the relatively weak mature markets of Europe and America. Overall, given the current low share of company excavators in overseas markets, we believe that the share of the future excavators in overseas markets is still much higher.
In 2020, the Division used new accounting standards to account for freight costs as part of its sales costs; 3 product structure changes, with product breakdowns:
In the second half of 2020, there has been a steady increase in the volume of such sales, and the product structure is expected to be optimized in the context of the resilience of the infrastructure and the gradual roll-out of new and medium-divide products.
The export of heavy machinery is blocked. In the future, the recovery of overseas demand and the recovery of the crane-rich ratio are more certain.
In 2021, the weighting of the Māori ratio was mainly from the cost end, and the company expected to control the cost through standard batch quantification, supplier diversification, supply chain digitization, etc. We believe that in 2021 the Māori ratio of the company will add the corporate control hard-line to the smart-line upgrading and profitability. In 2020, the cost of the company ' s period will increase.
The ratio is 12.80%, corresponding to 1.92pt, with sales, management, finance, and R & D rates equal to 1.92pt, respectively, representing exchange losses. The results of corporate efficiency reductions have been remarkable, with internal controls setting hard-testing indicators to reduce costs while actively promoting digitization of production lines, intelligent transformation, improved productivity and productivity, and reduced labour.
Further cost reductions have led to rising corporate profitability, with net corporate interest rates of 15.85 per cent in 2020, compared to +0.66 ptt, while net interest rates have increased and profitability has increased, highlighting the competitiveness of companies, mainly as a result of the growth of net interest rates and a marked increase in the profitability of firms.
2.3 The cash flow is abundant and operational efficiency is enhanced Real net operating cash flow is better than net profit. In 2020, the net operating cash flow of companies was $13,363 million, stable, well-funded and capable of supporting the financial leasing operations of automobile finance, with two types of operations
On the one hand, unlike internal offsets from bank mortgages, financial leases and mortgage operations resulting in business cash miscarriages, the company ' s long-term receivables (including finance leases, instalments of sales of goods) ended with an increase of about $4.3 billion, the financial impact of the car shaved (with expenditure of about $4.6 billion in cash) and the actual net cash flow of the business
Over $17.9 billion, well above net profits during the same period; on the other hand, financial leasing and mortgage operations facilitated repayments, resulting in a 26-day reduction in corporate business cycles and a 11-day reduction in accounts receivable swing days.
In 2020, R & D investment exceeded 6 billion yuan, representing an increase of 33.20 per cent over the same period, of which $4,991 million was spent on cost-effective R & D, receiving inputs and the remuneration of R & D personnel.
There is a gradual shift from simple, human-dependent manufacturers of equipment to intelligent manufacturers, and a shift in the composition of the employees of Chart 25 to two: domestic product upgrading and Euro-American standard product development.
New products of market competitiveness, with the introduction of super-tonne new products, have achieved full coverage of up to 150 tons, with superior performance; overseas, internationalization strategies have been pursued to accelerate the opening of Euro-American markets by developing new products that meet European-American standards and markets, with sales of offshore micro excavators increasing by 90 per cent in 2020.
In 2020, the company increased its investment in the construction of the lighthouse plant to $5.06 billion, an increase of 114.86 per cent. At present, there are nearly 30 lighthouse workers.
The plant or smart workshop project has fully introduced new forms of production organization, such as tri-current data set controls, flexible production islands, and the invisible part of the smart plant is a “dividual” (standardized, online, automated, intelligent) input into the R & D, regulatory, etc. process that directly improves operating efficiency.
2.5 Accompanies the dividends, giving back to shareholders, and giving back to investors. Since it was listed in 2003, the company has made 18 dividends (over 30% in 2017), and the company insists on a high percentage of the cash transfers, both up and down in the industry cycle.
The company plans to allocate $6 per 10 shares, with a cash share exceeding the three industry outlook: in the context of diversified demand, the climate is expected to continue. The main reason for the continuation of the cycle in the engineering and machinery industry is the diversity of demand and the specialization of participating subjects.
The last cycle has relied mainly on real-estate infrastructure, with a relatively homogenous demand, while the current cycle, in addition to capital resilience, has seen machine-change, demand-renewal, export demand-driven, demand-wide, cross-linking, and the landscape will continue. From the protagonists, the last round of unprofessional players has led to vicious competition in the industry, aggressive marketing policies.
In the current cycle, after a wave of the market, the supply side optimized, the leading business emerged, and the industry as a whole moved to a stage of rational development. In the case of excavators, we excluded macro-factor influences and increased penetration was the main driving force behind the new demand for excavators.
The main reasons for this are, on the one hand, difficulties in hiring and higher labour costs, and, on the other hand, more efficient machinery and equipment to meet the needs of late workers.2 In the medium and long term, the cost of excavators remains a significant catalyst for the expansion of downstream applications. Large excavators are used mainly for mining and large-scale infrastructure, small and medium-sized.
Diggers are usually used for property projects and infrastructure projects such as roads, orbital traffic and water engineering, while small excavators are usually used for farm water, municipal works, etc. The ease with which excavators are used, the price falls, the demand for the end is stimulated and the application area is broadened, except for traditional applications such as infrastructure, property, mines, etc.
In 2019, there were between 76.5 and 8.29 million reserves in our market, including nearly 2 million excavators, with steady growth in stock.
Under the market, new environmental emission standards are upgraded as a catalyst for the renewal of old equipment. Under the intergenerational phase-out pattern, N2 equipment will be phased out. In the case of excavators, based on past actual demand, N2 has nearly 850,000 excavators, and more than 200,000 excavators are expected to take place each year in a stable state.
After the epidemic, the global economy is in urgent need of recovery, similar to our own, capital investment is also an important instrument of overseas economic stimulus, a strategy that is consistent with our “one-way” strategy, which, as of 2019, is estimated by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to be in the direction of emerging economies and development.
The average annual capital investment needs of the developing countries amount to $730 billion, and the size of the overseas capital investment is considerable. At present, we have signed nearly 120 “one-way” cooperation agreements with over 100 countries and international organizations. The capital is an important part of the agreement that directly stimulates the export of engineering and machinery.
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in the pace of economic growth, which has led to less than expected capital fixes; overseas market openings have been hampered; and market competition has intensified. A careful follow-up of the heavy white and mechanical pontoon, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.