Mid-year review of the 2020 report/food and beverages industry 10 August 2020
In the semi-annual report for the year 2020, the company achieved operating income of 2,913 million yuan, i.e. 4.65 per cent for the reporting period; a net profit of 1,020 million yuan, i.e. 4.92 per cent for the listed company. The equivalent of 0.813 yuan for the eps. 1,143 million yuan, i.e. 3.81 per cent for the second quarter of 20q2; and a net profit for the listed company.
439 million yuan, +1 91 per cent of the year.
Business income amounted to $1,143 million, compared to 3.81% in the previous six months. Companies were affected by recurrent outbreaks and varying levels of crowding control in various parts of the country, and performance remained high, but marginal improvements were evident, with 20q2-quarter corporate revenues increasing by the same amount.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Unit increased the rate of the single-quarter feature plus 8.32 per cent for the special category of products, which benefited from positive corporate performance after the outbreak, with a high-digit increase in the 20q2 quarter of the special category of products, and a price increase for the four-way, symmetrical season at the end of June.
Corporate confidence is also evident. The marginal improvement in other products of the company is evident, but there is still pressure on performance as a result of the resilience of the epidemic and the heat of the weather. By product structure, 20h1 has improved efficiency in its operations, with a robust net interest rate level.
The Māori sales rate for 20h1 companies was 69.45 per cent, compared to -2.51 ptt, mainly due to a 35.53 per cent decrease in sales costs during the epidemic, mainly due to a decrease in promotional activities affected by the epidemic and a decrease in advertising investments (46.69 per cent for the 20h1 advertising bill compared to the previous period, and the resources associated with the mitigation of the epidemic are being invested in an orderly manner).
The same-0.08 pct net interest rate level remained stable, and the fall in cost during the period could not be reflected in sales due to a decline in the sales rate and an increase in the turnover tax and surcharge ratio.
The market is still recovering, and the off-provincial market has grown in a reverse manner. The pattern has changed slightly over the same period in the 20h1 provinces, where the share of the off-provincial market increased by between 0.7 pct and 6.85%. The increase in the number of intra-provincial distributors has been 14 and in the number of off-provincial distributors has been 88, so the expansion of channels has been the main factor in the growth of off-provincial revenues.
The recovery of salt is relatively slow in the Nanjing region or more stringent control measures than in the other regions, due to the similarity of revenues in the 20q2 quarter/Liao An region/Nanjing region/Sunnan region/Susumi region/Saline city area/Hiaohai region/out-of-provincial markets;
The city’s brightness, or related to the early onset of the epidemic, the faster recovery in consumption and the initiative of large firms, has been remarkable in terms of market outreach, leading to accelerated growth and the rapid recovery of the provincial markets through the orderly development of new markets, with companies expected to make a breakthrough in the Jiangsu market in the course of the year.
Trusting that the company is determined to meet its annual targets and wait for the next acceleration of growth \triangleright’s 19th annual report, the company’s target of 10% growth in revenue and net profit by 2020 is highlighted.
Confidence and commitment to development. In April 20, the company launched a draft equity incentive scheme to grant 12.5 million stock options to not more than 360 company employees, representing about 1% of the company’s total stock capital, with incentives for a sustained growth phase, multi-products-based local leadership alcohol companies, to watch the company’s future performance.
The company's valuation is lower than the 44.6-fold valuation of the white and wine industry as a whole, with a “recommended” rating. Epidemics or economic downturns drag demand, increased competition in the provinces, less than anticipated expansion, and food safety issues.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.