20q2 recovery of growth and high level of certainty in the year-round performance targets - mid-2020 report of Constellation (603369)
The growth trend resumed in 2002 with a further increase in the share of the national series, and continued to be released, with a total of 1,689 million yuan (0.92 per cent compared to 0.92 per cent) in the collection of taa+ white wine, 897 million yuan compared to 7.79 per cent, and a decline of 1.08 pct to 31.96 per cent in the share of the same year.
Regionally, 2,706 million yuan, or 5.27 per cent, were collected in 20h1 province, and 8.28, 6.01, 3.91, 3.50, 2.93, 2.44 respectively in Inner Nanjing, Huai An, Salt, Oyang Woo Sword City, Su-chung, Sunan and Huai regions.
To 6.85%. In addition, there was a net increase in the number of distributors in the province of 2020h1 from 14 to 344 at the beginning of the year (the net increase in the regions of Nanjing, Huai An, Salt City, Su-chung, Sunan, Huaihai +7/+0/+2/+0/+7/+7/2), and in the area of ex-provincial distributors Guo Xiaodong
There was a net increase of 88 to 843 and a steady increase in out-of-town development, with continued strong profitability and steady advance performance of advance payments, with the company 20h1 Māori at 69.45 per cent, compared to -2.51 pt, mainly due to the fall in operating income due to the impact of the epidemic.
As a result of the 56 million dollar reduction in advertising inputs and the relatively low level of promotional activities, the management rate is comparable to that of the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 28 Sinrixi Street, in Beijing West Side.
In the second half of the year, a return to the mid-autumn season is approaching, and the year’s performance targets have been set to a high level of certainty.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, has been exempt from duty for the last six years.
In terms of goods, Nanjing and Huai An have been growing at the same rate in the first half of the year. Looking back in the first half of the year, the company was more aggressive and more resilient in the middle of the urban high-rises. The product-end structure continued to be optimized, and the revenue from the sale of strategic monolithic goods increased significantly.
In the second half of the year, the white and wine consumption scenes are gradually returning to the Mid-Autumn season.
Sub-high-end positioning and the advantages of grouping channels are expected to take the lead in benefiting from the opportunities for recovery consumption in the provinces, with companies having a high set growth target of double 10% year-round.
Business resilience is expected to sustain robust growth in the future, based on in- and out-of-the-way farming, maintaining the company’s “building” approach, using legally compliant information, and producing this report independently and objectively. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.