October 30, 2019.
In the first three quarters, the company collected $22,918 million, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 19.39%. Meanwhile, the company published "Assumptions of Multiplicity of Employees for Subsidiaries " .
The announcement of the Stockholding Programme envisages the implementation of a diversified employee holding scheme in companies that are in line with the company’s “twilight” strategy over the long term.
The net return to the mother is $21.316 billion, representing an increase of 19.08 per cent over the same period. Because of the impact of an increase in sales costs of 0.72 pct, an increase in management costs of 0.10 pct and an increase in research and development costs of 0.09 pct, there are 28 research and development centres worldwide as of 30 September 2019.
At the 2019 fa exhibition, the Colmo Turing microclimatic hanger won the gold prize for indoor air technology innovation, and the colmo phase-down water heater won the gold prize for digital energy storage technology, and the company's product strength steadily increased.
The diversity of employee holding programs stimulates the growth potential of the company, while maintaining robust performance growth, the company is also working for the future through changes in the new business equity structure.
Layout. The company has issued an announcement that subordinates to new and emerging technological fields such as "smart home plus smart manufacturing" or belonging to relatively independent industrial platforms that the company intends to focus on nurturing, including but not limited to artificial intelligence, chips, sensors, precision control and drive, industrial imitation systems, big data, cloud computing, etc.
The company is piloting a diversified employee holding scheme. The program will cover the American global partners and business partners, the company core management and technology team, and the company core cadres.
The Board of Directors closed its deliberations, and the plan will be valid for the long term after its adoption by the Corporate Shareholders Assembly, and we believe that while maintaining the vanguard of the former business sector, the company will stimulate the potential for emerging business development through changes in the equity structure, which will provide a stable impetus for the company to develop over the long term.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.