The net cash flow from operating activities is $29,790 million, a year-on-year increase.
Lee Conghua 2. Our analysis and judgment: (i) q3 is over-expected, channels are flattened to improve efficiency.
Information on the preparation of this report is provided by the company ' s operating income of $22.92 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 7.37 per cent over the same period, which is exceedingly expected to increase rapidly and strengthen the industry ' s position first.
This represents a 6.36% increase, slightly lower than in the first and second quarters.
In terms of consumer appliances, the first three quarters have also seen steady growth in ice, washing, and small household electricity. Companies will continue to push for flattening and lowering the cost of channels.
Inward, the company’s online sales are expected to grow at a steady rate. Underline companies continue to promote the direct supply model, taking full advantage of the product class’s overall advantages, by adding a new home shop to provide a one-stop shop for consumers.
The rise of the scene will further increase the size of the electricity market. (ii) The Māori rate has steadily increased and profitability has increased. Māori sales by 2019q3 were 28.2 per cent, an increase of 0.83 pct over the same period.
Because the prices of raw materials, copper, steel, aluminium raw materials, and the exchange rate changes, have decreased slightly. We believe that the company's Māori sales rate has continued to rise in the last three quarters against the background of a price reduction in air conditioners, mainly because the company has more control over its costs, and the promotion is in the company.
Based on a stable profitability, the net interest rate on corporate sales, the cost of sales, the administrative cost rate of 10.12 per cent, the lack of growth and the increase in the Māori rate in the previous three quarters were due mainly to the higher cost of sales, which resulted from a lower price promotion.
Cost rates and management rates have slightly increased. Cash generated from corporate operations in the first three quarters of the year is 3.2%, an increase of 0.1 pct, and companies will continue to develop R&D advantages and build based on the idea of “developing a generation, saving a generation, research and development a generation”
In October 2019, companies launched a scheme to diversify their shareholdings.
The scheme will reward the shares of top-level, core team companies, which focus on emerging technological areas such as artificial intelligence, chips, sensors, precision control and drive, industrial imitation systems, big data, cloud computing, etc.
By 30 September 2019, the company had accumulated 60.25 million shares in a centralized bid through the repurchase of specialized securities accounts, accounting for 0.86554 per cent of the company ' s total equity as at 30 September 2019, exceeding the lowest value of the amount the company proposed to buy back. We believe that as our electricity industry matures, the company ' s growth stabilizes, cash requirements are lower, and the dividends are higher due to the fact that it has become more demanding.
Outlier M&As and expansions have less demand, cash demand has decreased, and corporate stock buybacks are expected to be normal. Stock buybacks are beneficial for equity interests, while repurchases can be used for diversified equity incentive schemes, for matching interests, for full corporate product classes, and most product markets are at the top of the industry, with higher overall performance certainty and high risk resistance.
Robotic operations are expected to benefit from the fast-growing dividends of the country’s intellectualization, offering a new profit point for beauty. We predict the risk of weak internal sales, stimulate consumption policies that fall short of expectations, and the risk of price volatility of raw materials.