On October 14th, 2019, our group headquarters in the United States and the company's investment relations department recently discussed the company and the industry.
Wei Hongmei has had an in-depth exchange and prepared research briefs for investors. The reason for the increase in the share of the company ' s air conditioning business in the first half of the year 2019.
The reasons for the rapid increase were, inter alia, the speed with which the Chinese brand (low-end air conditioning) was launched online and received good market feedback in the first half of the year. The main reasons for the increase in the share of the internal sales market were, first, the formation of the Chinese region last year, and the promotion of marketing resources by the Chinese Ministry of Regional Integration and Industry.
Zhang Xiaojun efficiency and outreach; second, companies optimized the flow online, and sales on the line increased (S034011860029)
In the first half of the year, sales in the inner market were 33% of sales, and it is expected to increase by the second half of the year.
To 35%. Most of the online channels are Skycat and Kyoutung, which account for about 80% of the total, and the United States owns a smaller business base. It is expected that in the future, the ratio will increase further, the offline channel will be experienced, one-stop solutions will be provided, the online channel will be dominated by one-stop shops, and the price will be more competitive.
Companies are likely to have a 50% share of the overall sales line. Given the slow and inefficient feedback on the market from the traditional hierarchy of agents, firms will gradually reduce the level of agents in the future, with pilot roll-out of some products in some regions.
Basic information on small household panels and kitchen panels. The small domestic electricity sales market grew by about 10% in the first half of the year, but the external sales market declined, mainly because of an outsider.
The 12-month maximum price ($) is higher than the previous year for large customers who have lost more of their electricity pressure cooker product because of the stock loss, which is the lowest in December.
Dust products are not very good because of industry, and in the first half of the year, little Toshiba's electricity non-core business was cut off from sales data. In the first half of the year, there was an increase in double digits, which is expected to be around 20% of the year's growth, and the size of the cooking power is currently relatively low, currently at billions of dollars.
The main reason why the Kuka didn't perform well this year is that the automobile industry is not very good, that the capital spending of the manufacturer is not very positive, that the Kukashonde factory will be ready for production this year, and that by the end of this year there will be six production lines for cars, medical, 3c, logistics robots.
In planning, companies do not have performance commitments with Kuka, so they don't do accounting, and the US-China trade war affects companies. Companies export US$ 2.4 to 2.5 billion, and are really affected by tariffs of about US$ 600 million (an increase of US$ 600 million), and US clients are now in business.
More than 95 per cent of the business is 0dm, customers are less likely to choose alternative products, so companies share tariffs with their customers, and some of them absorb consumers through price increases, which vary depending on the situation. This year, the devaluation of the renminbi dilutes the impact of tariffs, and companies have more than a dozen production bases abroad, such as the one in place.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified by the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice, with a diligent and professional attitude, and with an independent and objective knowledge of what I know.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.