
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I'm just saying, it's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to have to do this.
19netprofitup 23%, solidbeat.midea'snetprofitat.increasedby 23%
walterwoo yoy, 10% abovebbg'sest., battedby 6% yoyysalesgroveth, nottedthatconsoleflittleswanacountedfor - 4% npatt.groth.gpmargin
Expandedby 0.7 ppt, inourview, helpby 1) rmbdepreciation 2) softening ravmaticpricesand3)greatersalesfromh-endproductsservies(e.g. stockdata)
.olex, as %offtoralsalesalsoredasaving of 0.4 ppt, thankstothecompany'sridcostscontraltrategy.a.csalessloweddown, consummeclecticsqickenup, roboticsand
At the end of the day, there was a series of events, including the following: aditional stabilized.eventhougha.c. salesgrovesloweddowndowntojust ~5% in3q19 (vs12%1h19), itwasstillfarbetterthantheindustry, where both volumeandasphadfallfallenby~3%and~5% (offline) ~10% (online).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Electronicsin3q19acceleratedto~10% (vs6%in1h19), drivenmostlyby strolongrecoverofwashingmachines, by~12% (vs6%1h19) and small applications, by 13% (vslowingledigitin1h19), plusheimprovedexports
They're not going to be able to do anything about it. They're not going to do anything about it. They're not going to do anything about it.
ebitmarginalsoloseto 4.3% (vs3.1% lastyar), byefectivecostscontrol. remainsconfidensalesgrovethandmarginexpansions2h19e.gpmarginexpansionandableopratio.italsoexpectonlinesalesalesto
Source: bloomberg accoundedfor ~35%oftoralretailsales (cmbest.~38%ofgroupsales), 12-mthpriceperformance
Implyinga 20% + yoye-commercesalesgroveth.moreover,foroffline, the companymenstoopenmorehomedeformation (nowat ~150), multi-category (targeting ~1,000,nowat ~500) andflagshipstores (targeting ~ 1900).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Audit: pricewaterhouse coopers relaedreports 1.mediagroup (000333/ch): prudent
"Mideagroup" (000333/ch): deversed facuscharts source: companydata, cmbisestimates
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Assumption source: companydata, & bisestimates source: bloomberg, & bisestimats
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, therebeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisoritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistaction.thisreportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanysecurity ornyinterestinsecuritiesorenterintoanytransaction.nether and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, curators, offices, offices, offices.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.