The company review report on the electricity industry on Thursday, 31 October 2019.
Performance is much higher than expected, and profits continue to rise □ events. The American group issued its three-quarter report in 2019, and the company achieved business income of $22.918 billion in the first three quarters of the year, compared with 10.737%; the net return to the mother was $21.316 billion, compared with 10.08%;
Realization of non-net profits of $20,598 million, or 1019.39% of the year. Business earnings achieved in the single q3 quarter remained stable and cost controls were better over the period. The company’s Māori rate and net profit fall in the first three quarters and the VAT adjustment dividend, although the ring declined in the second quarter, remained smaller.
The management fee rate for the single q3 quarter was 3.15%, down 0.48 pct from q3 last year, but the ring was down 0.61 pct from q2 this year, and the total q3 (sales costs + administrative costs)/business income □ cash flows were abundant and of excellent quality.
This represents an increase of 52.07 per cent, mainly from the sale of goods and the provision of services: by the end of the third quarter, the amount of money available (money + notes receivable + financial assets) amounted to $67,065 million, and the amount of cash available reflected the quality of the company's own business and supported the company's cash share.
□ Investment advice. Companies continue to perform beautifully in the third quarter, with a steady rate of income growth, with profits going beyond market expectations when external factors add up to the company’s own good business, and show a firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s “product lead, efficiency-driven, global operations” when the industry is in a bad mood.
Three strategies remain unchanged, with the introduction of high-end products, multi-brand responses to different segmented markets, reduced channels, reduced unnecessary costs, and so on, further boosting corporate performance. So we still see beauty. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.