On March 29, 2024, Warluhingl published the 2023 report, and in 2023 the company realized that the average sales price for new energy-related products was approximately $7102 per ton, corresponding to 12.13%; the chemical fertilizer series, Liu Haiyong
Through measures such as improved production management systems, more efficient energy use of resources, and more efficient asset extraction, incremental production was achieved and market entry was achieved, with a significant increase in sales of all major products. Of these, tons of new energy, an increase of 14.87 per cent compared to the previous year, and 52.16 million tons of organamine series products, an increase of 8.80 per cent compared to the previous year.
The sales of acetic acid and derivatives increased by 24.20 per cent to 71.54 million tons, compared with 24.20 per cent in the same year. The priority projects went well and the Qingzhou project succeeded in driving.
In November 2023, the Jingzhou base project was built and operated to create the fastest new record of building, driving and profiting within the industry; the Texas headquarters promoted new energy sources, new materials “two new” projects and platform optimization projects, high-end solvents, capacity replacements of 3 x 480t/h
Projects such as coal-fired boilers have been successfully launched, and the nylon 66 High-end New Materials Phase project is on schedule.
In 2023, the company settled its intellectual property dispute with Sichuan Kim, El Seri, and Beijing Crystal Technology over the cooling of pressure gas and melamine production technology, and paid $30 million in technical licence fees to Sichuan statues and Beijing Jing Jing, in Germany.
The state ' s melamine production unit is no longer dismantled, the technical information involved is no longer destroyed, and it continues to operate along the technical routes and processes. So the company ' s business is no longer further affected.
8x. We look forward to the future growth of the company and maintain a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the present report. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.