• 28 October 2021: In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved business income, net profit and non-return.
Net profits are 25,927 million yuan, 1,895 million yuan and 1,762 million yuan, respectively, and the industrial circle is growing faster and the overall business is expected to improve. In the first three quarters of 2021, the industrial core company, China and China, achieved a net profit of $7,804 million (year to 11.4 per cent).
1.7 billion yuan (same as -1.1 per cent). q3 quarter, continued to be affected by the price reduction factor, with China showing a 12.7 per cent decline in business earnings in the east of the country over the same period, but a 2.0 per cent increase in the ring; net profits fell over the same period; shares, incubation of many of the country's leading technology biotech companies, and the pharmaceutical research and development biosphere accelerated.
Business actively optimizes the in-house market, expands the out-of-the-hospital market, and overall growth has been steady. “Girl Girl” Eyres has been well promoted, and over $100 million has been prepaid.
At the end of August, the company officially sold the product, Ellensé Yeon-sein, on the mainland market, and announced that in late October there were over 120 co-operative hospitals contracted and over 200 certified doctors trained. By 26 October, Yeon-se had received more than $100 million in advance, and the company was expected to receive more than $100 million.
Overachieving the year’s sales targets and generating a new growth in domestic medical and aesthetic operations in 2022, the pharmaceutical industry was reported to be stable, facing a boom in global market demand, with a new Sinclair built in the face of an increase in production capacity.
In the near future, the market for new domestic medical products will contribute to the expansion of production capacity at the Netherlands ' Almeller plant, which is now in operation to ensure full follow-up. 2021-08-10
The U.S. medical industry abroad continues to grow rapidly, and the ebitda caliber of the sinclair consolidated report has been assessed quarterly: the business of medicine and medicine is fast reaching £5.6 million.
Growth has been restored, and the company’s high-end medical and beauty products have grown rapidly. Business income (including the merger of the Spanish ghh acquired in the first three quarters of the year) has increased by 79.24 per cent, and the company expects to earn a full year.
The best-case scenario. Subject to such factors as the one-time costs associated with the acquisition of the stockholdings of the Hightech company, the product lines are rich, and the net profit of the "girl needle" as a whole of the consolidated statements of the girls continues to show a loss, but ebitda is the best performance in history.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account that industrial plate q3 is still heavily affected by the fall in prices of medicines, medicine
The risk of increased competition in the market for medical and American products is high. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.