The emerging market has performed well, with a steady increase in profitability, with a mid-2024 performance rating.
Events: Companies published their semi-annual report for 2024, achieving business income of 135,623 million in the first half of 2024, with steady growth in revenue and excellent performance in emerging markets abroad: in the first half of 2024, domestic retail sales of white electricity and food security products and retail sales were $29.5 billion and $11.393 million, respectively
(b) The growth in overseas market revenues of 3.7 per cent, benefiting from the company's continuously rising market share in developed countries and emerging markets;
In South and South-East Asia, the company achieved the first share of retail sales in the high-end domestic market refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc.
This represents a 145 per cent increase in sales revenue over the same period; a 31 per cent increase in Leader retail sales, a robust new track, a digital change that enhances operational efficiency, and a steady return on profitability: in the face of a changing external business environment, companies are pushing for a process-wide digital change, continuous and iterative user experience, improved operational efficiency, and maintenance.
Continue to increase profitability. 2024h1 sales of Māori 30.6%, an increase of 0.2 pct from the same year, mainly to benefit from continuous digital change in the company, the construction of a digitalized production and marketing synergy system, the Overseas Supply Chain Agreement, and an increase in capacity utilization by 7.8% net interest rate, an increase of 0.9 pt from the same year; q2 single season Māori rate
Increased efficiency in marketing resource allocation, logistics distribution and warehousing operations, optimized management costs as a result of improved business processes and organizational efficiency enhanced by digital tools; 2024q2 sales/management/research and development/financial costs Investment proposals: companies as leaders in the electricity industry, well-developed global layouts, high branding leadership, etc.
Digital change reduces efficiency gains. As consumer goods are replaced by old goods, industry leaders are expected to become deeply involved in the second half of the year. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.