Hale Jiist (600690.sh) intends to acquire the South African water heater business in Elektra, to fill up the channels and accelerate the development of the sea.
Home appliances, white appliances, investment ratings: better than the big city.
On July 18, the company signed a deal with the Ileks Group in Sweden for 2.45 billion south.
The transaction is still pending approval by the regulatory body and is scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024.
NBC: 1) The South African water heater business in Ileks is branded as kwikot, a leading South African water heater manufacturer with a strong local system of sales and after-sales services. 2) Hale and Kwikot are expected to achieve good synergy and, thanks to the advantage of the supply chain and technology, Hale and Kwikot are expected to enrich the kwikot product lines and increase their competitiveness; and Kwikot marketing channels and after-sale systems are available
In South Africa, Hale has been able to expand white electricity products, such as refrigerators, washing machines, etc.) overseas, through home-grown branding and branding, and has grown into a global power leader, with overseas revenues occupying half of the company’s walls. The acquisition of the Elektra South African water heater business is expected to complement the company’s marketing and post-sale systems in South Africa, adding bricks to its overseas development.
kwikot is a leading South African water heater business with a well-developed manufacturing, marketing, and after-sale system, owned by kwikot, a leading South African water heater brand, founded in 1903 and founded by Eli in 2017.
Kris acquired $3.18 billion (approximately RMB 1.270 billion) in South Africa. Its annual income as at 30 June 2016 was SL 1.130 billion (approximately RMB 450 million).
The main products of kwikot include water storage, solar water heaters, gas heaters, heat pumps, photovoltaic water heaters, and energy solutions. The company has a world-class modern, Iso9001 certified plant in South Africa, accounting for 80,000 m2. After years of development, kwikot has established a well-developed marketing/installation and after-sales service system in South Africa, with customer service response speed and services.
In collaboration with Kwikot, the Hale thinker is expected to work efficiently together to help each other develop products and channels, and improve the competitiveness of their products. Heil thinker is the first in the country to have a share of gas and electric water heaters, and in 2023 generated 15 billion yuan in sales of water, including water heaters and water purification units, and has a strong presence in a variety of products, such as water heaters and water purification units.
The company is expected to further enrich the kwikot hot water business product arrays by enabling and synergizing products such as product technology and supply chains, supporting the better development of products such as solar water heaters and water cleaners, and contributing to the development of kwikot.kwikot is expected to accelerate Heir’s development in South Africa by providing sales and post-sale network support to Heir thinkers.kwikot has been working for years in South Africa, and is expected to contribute to the growth of Heir in South Africa.
The creation of a wide range of heating channels and a well-developed after-sale network is expected to help Heir expand his refrigerators, washing machines, and other white electrical products in South Africa to sell and sell after-sales. In 2023, Hale’s Middle Eastern wiseman earned only $1.9 billion, a low-income region of the world’s major regions, and South Africa is expected to receive the same lower share. The acquisition is expected to provide a good boost to the company’s accelerated development in South Africa.
Investment proposals: Acquisition of the Ileks South African water heater business, with complementary advantages to accelerate the development of the sea, the Hale thinker has grown into a global electric pole through home-grown branding and branding abroad, with overseas revenues occupying half of the company’s walls. Purchase of the Ileks South African water heater business is expected to complement the company’s marketing and after-sale system in South Africa, adding bricks to the company’s overseas development.
Risks of untimely acquisitions; increased competition in the industry; substantial increases in the price of raw materials; and less than expected recovery in demand in the industry. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.