With 10 billion dollars in revenue, efficiency gains have led to higher performance rates.
According to the announcement, the company's operating income will have reached a record high of 10 billion in 19 years, with a projected increase of 26 per cent over the same year, a 35-65 per cent increase in performance over the same year, and a continued acceleration in the growth of net corporate return profits, reflecting a sustained increase in corporate profitability and a significant reduction in efficiency gains. The company is expected to achieve a net return in the fourth quarter.
In addition, the company expects a 19-year net operating cash flow of about $1.5 billion, the best level ever, compared with the growth of the Unit in comparison with the trend of Deep 300, changes in the international environment have not affected company performance, and the development of the artificial intelligence industry has contributed to the continued upturn in corporate business.
\triangleright’s 19-year operations focused on priority sectors, focusing on education, smart hardware, politics, medicine, etc., and related areas of business based on human intelligence.
In addition, the construction of the 860 million yuan and 1,586 million yuan of the Harbour Smart School in the New Zone on the Western Coast of Qingdao Island in December will have a positive impact on the company’s performance for 20 years, and will help to further develop its educational activities. As a result, companies are using the core technology of autonomous research and development in the face of changes in the international environment.
A “recommended” rating will be maintained while business health is being developed, drawing on trends in the domestic artificial intelligence industry. As the lead sheep in the area of artificial intelligence, companies will have a positive impact on the company's 20-year performance through the education informatization project of 2,446 million yuan, which was awarded after the end of the year, using the ai technology.
(96x) and the company's position as a leading business in the artificial intelligence industry. Therefore, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
Three-quarterly review of 19 years: net profit increases and cost gains are significant.
Mid-19: b+c end business double-drivers, performance upsight Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, he joined the Chinese Institute of Securities and Trade and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. He was a research assistant in Education and Computers at the Chinese Institute of Education and Human Security and a Master of Banking and Finance at the Kings College in London in 2019.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,