On 22 April 2025, Mountain Gold International released its corporate finance report for the first quarter of 2025, which showed a slight decline in sales of public mineral gold during the reporting period, but benefited from a steady improvement in the company ' s capacity to produce and operate, as well as tons of mining, which increased by -10.61 per cent, sales by 2.03 tons, and sales by -10.96 per cent.
There has been a steady increase in capacity and in the lead-up to mineral prices, cost-control capacity, and Māori operations. The cost per unit of sale of mineral gold in the first quarter was $147.87/g, ton, 23.39 tons; lead powder production, 1312.19 tons, 1226.28 tons; and zinc powder production.
In January 2025, the company entered into an agreement with the limited public department for the development of Haihua in Mang City to acquire 52.07% of the shares of the Yunan Western Mining Company, whose core assets are gold exploration and prospecting rights in the Yangtze Dam area of Yunnan Province; and the same month, the company continued to work with the company.
The price of gold for exploration for gold and polymetallic mining in the Yusai city of Yunnan Province is again high. In the first quarter of 2025, the average price of current gold in London was $2859.62 per ounce per quarter. The average price of current silver in London is $31.88 per ounce per quarter, with a near flat ring.
The year 2024, when the price of the gold rose, the profits rose sharply, and the Trump tariff war shaken the dollar as the foundation of the world's currency, and a new round of international monetary and trading systems was formed, looking at the long-term movement in gold prices.
Gold International: The dollar, the dollar and the dollar debt, have not demonstrated their risk-free asset nature as is the case in history since the gold is new and ready to be issued as a “reciprocal tariff” policy. On the contrary, the dollar index has continued to weaken, and the ten-year rate of return on the US Treasury debt has risen.
After the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, the dollar anchors were not a single special commodity, but rather a combination of goods and services that were closely linked to international trade. After Trump launched a global trade war under the pretext of a so-called reduced trade deficit, the dollar became the currency of the world.
The impact, under a deglobalized trading system, was widely questioned about the need for the dollar as a means of trading for countries, adding to the current high level of debt of the United States Government, creating a very special dollar asset situation for the current round. In the process of forming a new international monetary system,
This is bound to be accompanied by strong market volatility, which is more conducive for gold to represent its risk avoidance value, and it is expected that emerging market countries will re-open the purchasing cycle to offset the impact of potential financial risks on the financial security of their countries, while stabilizing their exchange rates, which is expected to exceed the scope of the current boom.
Traditional reserves such as China, India, Russia, Singapore, etc., will probably be more explicit about the pull effect of gold prices: Against the backdrop of the rise in gold prices, we look at the pre-performance of companies in 2025, the continued escalation of the Chinese-American trade war, the sharp fall in gold prices, and the unanticipated expansion of corporate projects.
Main financial data and projections: