Events: company reports in 2025: business income of $4.32 billion for the first quarter of 2025, year-on-year growth Mountain International (stock code: 000975.sz)
Gold sales declined slightly in the first quarter of 2025: company mineral gold, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc fine powder production in 1.8, 22, 1312, 1395 tons, same to 11 per cent, + 6 per cent, + 21 per cent, + 1 per cent; sales volume control stabilized, higher product prices led to higher profits: company mineral gold measured in the first quarter of 2025,
The average sales cost of mineral silver, lead powder, zinc powder is $659/g, $6266/kg, $14,806/ton, gold, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc concentrate unit sales costs are equal to -5 per cent, -16 per cent, -41 per cent, -20 per cent, and the cost control costs of the company ' s mineral gold unit were lower by 8.4 per cent in the first quarter of 2025.
In the first quarter of 2025, mineral gold, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc fine powder single ton Māori, +51 per cent, +11.7 per cent respectively, gold mineral resources are highly sustainable, with a clear forward increase: in January 2025, the company developed with Haihua in Man City.
The company has entered into an agreement to acquire prospecting rights for gold exploration in the Maungxi dam area of Yunnan Province, where the two parties are working together to promote the resumption of production of the Chinese gold mine. The Blue Dragon Trench Gold Mining (Extension) project has entered the pilot production phase, allowing for the efficient replacement of the existing production capacity of the mine; and the mining rights of the Fine Crystal Trench Mining Project.
On the overseas side, Namibia’s Osino project is under construction. The company’s mineral resources are more continuous, and the forward mineral gold increases are clear.
The price of gold is expected to continue to rise, driven by the need to avoid risks. Corporate cost controls are stable, followed by the risks of geopolitical changes overseas; 4) the impact of Central America and the United States tariffs exceeds expectations; and 5) the risks of public-sector projects falling short of expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.