-Samkin International (000975.sz) incident evaluation report fuhh@cfsc.com.cn Stabilization of gold mine costs in the first quarter of 2025
In the first quarter of 2025, the company produced 1.77 tons of mineral gold and sold 2.03 tons. According to the annual report, the company expects to produce no less than 8 tons of gold in 2025.
Gold prices continue to show a strong trend, with the average gold price having reached a high of $765.52/g in April 2025.
In January 2025, the company signed an agreement with Haihua Development Co. Ltd. in Man City to acquire 52.0709 per cent of the shares of Yunnan Western Mining Co. Ltd., limited mining in Yunnan West, which holds the right to explore for prospecting in gold mines in the Maunxi dam area in Yunnan Province, and to survey the mines
1 Mountain International (000975); 2024: Significant growth in performance, low-cost gold mine advantage, 2, Gold International (000975); Goldfall
During the same period, the holding company, Huaming Gold Development Co. Ltd., in Man City, and Heihuachang City, respectively, were successful in opening an overseas mine M & A agreement to acquire their holdings in the Xiangxi city of Yunnan Province.
The company has now acquired the right to explore for prospecting in the gold and polymetallic deposits, which cover 20.38 square kilometres in the stable area, and for the gold species. The company has acquired the right to explore for prospecting in the gold and polymetallic mines in the stable area of the city of Yuxi, Yunnan Province.
Given the strong value of gold, the company’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.1 The Fed’s interest rate falls short of expectations; 2) the company’s gold and other mineral production slips; 3) the company’s gold cost rebounds significantly; and (4) offshore mining is not working well.
Presentation by the Colored Group of the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, with a six-year experience in new energy research.
I did not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.