les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
East Money Information (300059 CH)
NOT RATED
Strengthened capital in support of robust growth
Current Price
RMB17.62
As a leading online financial service provider in China, East Money Information
continued to gain market shares from traditional financial institutions and
delivered strong revenue and profit growth amid gloomy market environment,
China Financials Sector
outperforming the industry. Upon the completion of conversion of RMB 16bn
convertible bonds in 1H22, the company inserted the capital to its brokerage
Gigi Chen, CFA
subsidiary, Eastmoney Securities Co. Ltd, strengthening its capital position and
capabilities in delivering business growth in margin trading and security lending
segments. With a strengthened capital base, we look positive on potentials of
Eastmoney Securities Co. Ltd in support of robust growth among intense
Nika Ma
competitions. On fund distribution front, we expect the company to outperform
peers and sustain market-leading position, given its lower customer acquisitions
resulting from early entry and online ecosystem scalability.
Stock Data
Mkt Cap (CNY mn)
232,834
Strong growth in brokerage business. East Money Information's
Avg 3 mths t/o (CNY mn)
3,649.07
brokerage business delivered revenue growth of 23% YoY in 1H22, beating
52w High/Low (CNY)
32.79/
the industry average of 11% YoY decline, thanks to a continual market share
expansion. The robust income growth was driven by 24% growth of fee &
Total Issued Shares (mn)
13,214
commission income and 19% YoY increase of net interest income. Looking
Source: Bloomberg
forward, we expect that the company's newly launched investment advisory
business and fund custody business will engender more synergies with
Shareholding Structure
Qi shi
19.31%
existing brokerage lines, further enhancing value generation from wealth
Lu Lili
2.76%
management segment.
Strengthened capital base in support of robust business growth. In
1H22, East Money Information injected RMB 16bn capital to its brokerage
subsidiary, Eastmoney Securities Co Ltd., upon completion of conversion
and delisting of its issued convertible bonds, which boosted the broker's
capital base by 50%. We expect this enhanced capital position to support
robust growth of the company's brokerage arm in forthcoming years.
12-mth Price Performance
Expanding market shares in third-party fund distribution segment. East
Money recorded year-over-year growth in both fund sales volume and fund
distribution AUM in 1H22, outpacing the industry average. Ranked as the 3rd
largest distributors in non-money market and equity funds, East Money is well
positioned to weather from market volatilities with its low customer acquisition
costs driven by an extensive online ecosystem and economies of scale.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates; share price dated 3 Oct 2022 market close
Source: Securities Association of China, CMBIGM
Sales Co., Ltd; only incl. the scale of non-money market public funds
held by the fund sales institution.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.