Equity incentives for greater cohesion, steel digital taps sailed on December 29, 2022, research assistant Wang Shijie.
Keywords: #equity incentives Events: 29 December 2022, companies released the third restricted stock plan (draft).
Of this amount, no more than 27 million shares were awarded for the first time, representing 90.00 per cent of the total amount awarded, representing some of the company ' s shareholdings, mainly company directors, senior managers, middle managers, core technical, business, etc.
East, corporate and employee interest communities; 3) full motivation to mobilize core staff; 4) attracting, retaining, and motivating good managers, core technical (operational) cadres of employees.
Treasure software (600845): mid-2022, industry faced market share concentration, "double carbon" conversion, digitalization and intellectual upgrading multi-point evaluation: short-term impact performance statement of the epidemic
The Bo-Sin software, as China's steel digitized leader, relies on the Treasure Group for new products such as large-scale plc, "Bolo" robots. We recognize that the Iron-Intelled Dragon is more powerful now.
To be promoted by equity incentives, the bond cohesion and innovation capacity are expected to increase further, leading to a continuous digital transformation of the steel industry.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: This is a broad range of equity incentives and full incentives. The bottling of bottany continues to be high, and the bottling of bottling performance as a digital leader in the Chinese steel industry is expected to accelerate the pace of national production substitution and to do well in steel.
At the same time, the industry has expanded to other industries, becoming a digital giant in the Chinese process industry. But Ki, in 2022, advanced the Shanghai Epidemic Impact Corporation project, and we revised the company down to 2022-2024.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board