Communications Group Steady Delivery, Smart Manufacturing and Greater Security, with steady growth in performance and rising spending on research and development. 2,691 million revenues were realized in the first quarter of q3 in 2022.
The net profit is 527 million yuan, an increase of 19.07% over the previous year, and in the context of the recurrent epidemic, the company industry is on schedule.
The only listed software enterprise under the banner of the “crowd core” has grown significantly in cash flows. Since 2019, Bo-wu has been restructuring several steel companies in China, such as Mamoto Mountain Steel, Taibar Steel, Chongqing Steel, Kun Steel Holdings, Shandong Steel and New Surrounded Steel.
3. In the context of the high-quality dual-wing construction of the Industrial Internet + Cloud Computation and the period of acceleration of the merger of the steel industry, companies are expected to continue to benefit, contributing to the digitalization and intelligent development of the steel industry, while at the same time actively promoting product innovation and applications, which are increasing.
Core competitiveness, enabling intelligence manufacturing. In 2022, the company rolled out a whole new inner core of xln3plat.
New products, new technologies, such as robots. On August 31, 2022, the company and the stables signed the Poloaas Framework Agreement for Services with High Performance, Smart Manufacturing and Cloud Services, which allows for the initial signing of the Polo Robots.
The national strategy supports the steady development of the intellectual manufacturing and idc industries. On 21 December 2021, eight departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Smart Manufacturing, which proposes to promote digitalization, networking, synergy, and intellectual change in manufacturing.
It has become a clear trend towards economic development. With national strategies, companies have accelerated the national deployment of the Treasure Windc industry and strengthened the national industrial software platform.
The ability to open up and further enhance the competitiveness and profitability of the company’s market.idc, an Internet vendor, has less demand than expected; and the informationization expenditure in the steel industry is less than expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment