A new round of equity incentives has been put in place, and high standards of unlocking conditions show firm confidence.
On December 29, 2022, the company released its Third Restrictive Stock Plan (draft), which proposes to award up to 30 million restricted shares to the target audience, based on restricted shares (including pre-encumbered) granted under the plan, with a strong and unlocking incentive round, highlighting the company ' s confidence in and demand for future development: this round
Equity incentives are stronger and more inclusive than the 2017 and 2020 rounds, covering no more than 860 members of the management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc.
Incentive coverage will fully motivate core staff and will also bind the interests of company employees, management and shareholders over the long term; tighter conditions for unlocking will place requirements on the quality and quantity of future performance and reflect firm optimism over the next two years in the area of steel and steel manufacturing.
The Bosin software continues to benefit from the expansion of the market following the parent company: on December 21, 2022, according to the State Finance Committee Network of the State Council, the China-China Steel Group Ltd. as a whole was included in the product portfolio of the China-China BMW Steel Group.
Companies. Companies are the backbone of the BMW Group ' s intelligent manufacturing field, leading researchers in the industrial robotic domain of the group, empowering them with material networking, big data, and artificial intelligence. The continued expansion and acquisition of the parent company will also bring a lot of business to the industrial intelligence business of the company.
In the 2021 annual report, the top five companies in the company-related trades were horse and steel shares, precious steel shares, institutional investors as a share of the circulation a.
Reorganisation continues to be expected to bring new business growth to the Bosin software, with a view to making a step-by-step information transformation for the Sino-Soldier Group to adapt to the BMW Group's in-it ecology. Three quarters of performance is slowly recovering, and the Māori rate is steadily increasing: the company was real in the first three quarters of 2022.
The current revenue is $7,653 million, an increase of 3.35 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is $1,530 million, a net return to the mother is $539 million, an increase of 14.59 per cent over the same period. The performance of the third quarter is on track, and the company is on track, benefiting mainly from the firm’s steady advance of the idc five, leading to an overall increase in the Maori rate.
The cash flow of the Division was excellent, with a collection of $8,575 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 27.38 per cent over the previous three quarters; after Chinaresearchdept. Chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.