We're looking forward to continuing to benefit from the company's parent company's Treasure Group.
On 21 December 2022, under the State Finance Committee Network of the State Council, China Bo Wu Steel Group Ltd. and China Steel Group Ltd. were reorganized and China Steel Group Ltd. were integrated into China Bo Wu Steel Group Ltd.
In mid-2021, the Steel Group achieved its main operating income of 70.3 billion yuan, with a net profit of 460 million yuan, and continued to make a profit for five years. It is mainly engaged in metallurgical mineral resource development and processing; metallurgical raw materials, product trade and logistics; and related engineering and technology services and equipment manufacturing.
According to monitoring data from the Lange Steel Research Centre, the Sino Steel Group has investments in mineral resources such as iron ore in Australia, South Africa, etc., which could further expand China’s overseas interests in the BMW; in the same time, the SSG’s system of services in engineering and technology services and equipment manufacturing could also upgrade China’s Bo.
The combined power of martial arts, the coordinated integration of the relevant components of the industrial chain system, has helped to raise China’s overall competitive advantage, and has helped China’s steel industry to become more competitive. With parent companies expanding their markets, Bo-Sin software continues to benefit: the company is a smart builder of the BMW Group.
The central force in the field is the leading researcher in the industrial robotics of the group, with the help of material networking, big data, and artificial intelligence to empower the bologna. The continued expansion and acquisition of the parent company will also bring a lot of business to the industrial intelligence business. According to the 2021 report, the company is the top five traders.
We believe that the restructuring of the Sino-Styrene Group, which is an industrial enterprise under the umbrella of the BMW, will continue to be a Bosin software.
Idc’s operations are advancing steadily, and policies are driving the industry into a period of high growth: the recent capital of the national cloud giants.
(b) This year, the platform’s economic regulation has slowed, and the policy of the idc sector is stronger, and the cloud’s giant capex is expected to pick up. The company’s idc business is moving steadily, and the group is back-to-back in Shanghai.
Large mountain data estates have good customer resources, with the largest single data centre resources in the country’s first-line cities, and are expected to continue to increase their market share in the future. Three quarters have seen a slow recovery, with a steady increase in the Māori rate: the company became real in the first three quarters of 2022.
The net profit was $539 million, an increase of 14.59% over the same period. Three quarters of performance met expectations, and the company was back on track to benefit from the firm’s steady advancement of the idc, leading to an overall increase in the Māori rate. At the same time, the company’s cash flow was excellent, with a revenue of $8,575 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 27.38% over the same period; and cash from operating activities.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.