The cash flow is bright, the Treasure Letter software (600845.sh) has generated $7,653 million, an increase of 3.35 per cent over the previous year, a return to the mother net profit of $1,530 million, the same amount.
High-end automation of national production continued to advance, idc was steadily released, cash flows were growing faster, and according to company announcements, 2,691 million yuan was collected in the first quarter of q3 in 2022, an increase of 6.29 per cent in the same year, 9.17 per cent in the ring, 539 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 14.59 per cent in the same year, an increase in the ring.
In the first half of the year, in the face of the critical situation of the Shanghai epidemic, the company took full advantage of the “one headquarters multi-base” system, ensuring that several major projects were delivered on schedule; in the area of market openings, there were many intelligent manufacturing, etc.
Control, Master Packepc priority projects were signed in all cases; information technology capabilities were used during the epidemic. Jiang Young was active in the prevention and control of the epidemic in Shanghai, actively assisting in the development of nucleic acid codes and square compartments; and industrial connectivity was relied on.
Web platforms to enhance differentiated competitive advantages in the fields of smart environmental protection, water, and emergency response, and to provide life-cycle services and holistic solutions for relevant industries.
National strategies such as “New Capital”, “Industrial Chain Security”, “Autonomous Control”, etc., focus on key core technologies The challenge of national production to replace and decipher the industry's “cricket” has led to a sustained increase in R & D investment and a comprehensive push for the scaling up, industrialization and intellectualization of nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems.
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Māori increased in the third quarter by 36.17 per cent in the first half of the year, including 31.8 per cent in software development.
3.98 percentage points. In the future, with the company's “soft-to-hard” integrated layout expanding, the intelligent manufacturing business, with automation, informatization and industrial Internet platforms at its core, is expected to provide much room for improvement in the Māori rate of corporate software development, while, under the two-carbon policy, the scarcity of resources in the Idc engine room in the company's core segment is becoming increasingly evident and profitability is expected to increase.
Industrial Internet operations have continued, with the launch of the "Bolo" robotic brand \triangleright, which set up the Industry 4.0 Project for early deployment of industrial Internet technology many years ago.
A self-researched industrial Internet platform xin3platt has been set up, along with the development of a large data “5s” component and the completion of a demonstration project on the Iron Interconnection Platform for Intellectual Control (Honkers); and the establishment of the China Bianwu Institute for Internet Research and the China Po Wu Data Centre at the beginning of 2021, together with Bo-Sin, to coordinate the design of an Internet framework for the BMW industry and forward technology development.
Building on years of strong research and development power in industrial software and professional experience in the steel industry, the company has developed autonomous industrial networking platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, using both the iplat and the eplat as wings, and has actively built the iron and steel industry Internet biosphere, opening up new growth paths and wider development space for future development. In recent years, the Boshin industry Internet platform has been operating.
Re-introduction into the “two-way” platform of the Department of Industrial Communications, with a steady increase in ranking; accelerated industrialization of industrial Internet platforms and cross-industry and cross-domain promotion by companies to build Xin3plat fully kernel xo, supporting synergized structures: introduction of autonomous national production, industrial basic automation software, iplat-ba, which fully meets the intellectual monitoring and process control needs of industrial sites; release of the first edition
Network components to complete deployment of low-code components; generation of real-time data collection into lakes and processing capabilities; development of the capacity of marginal models to accelerate push, schedule search, cloud issues, etc.; launch of the "Bolo" robot brand, using the 10,000 "Bolo" induction plan as an opportunity to build autonomous and controlled "Boloun Platform" based on the Treasure Industries Internet platform.
In July 2021, after 10 years of research and development, the company officially released large-scale plc products from the metallurgical industry, which we consider to be of strategic importance, amounting to proof that the company already has a lead in the field of industrial and industrial software in the country.
First level, in two dimensions: 1) Large plc threshold is very high: large plc is very high for stability. Besides the technical difficulties, it is important to have customers willing to accept it. Large domestic plc market share is largely in the hands of European and American enterprises like Siemens, Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, and businesses are generally business-stable.
Sex, unwillingness to easily replace plc. For the Treasure, it became a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product and, after 10 years of testing, created its unique competitive power; for the Steel Metallurgy industry, the plc threshold is high: in all industries, the steel metallurgical industry plc has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and for the Treasure, it is capable of doing so.
The steel metallurgical industry plc means that it has the power to expand across industries. The release of the large plc in the bovine industry is proof of the power of its own industrial software, the future company's “one-way” expansion of space, vertical expansion of product sequences, horizontal expansion across industries, and we believe that the value of the bovine intelligence manufacturing needs to be remodeled, and future profit-plus valuations raise space.
\triangleright, where we report in depth on the Treasures software, "Long-term certainty value of the new capital dragon from three major expectations" clearly emphasizes that, in the light of the fact that it is not possible to use it as a tool, the idc has a unique capacity, a country's core location, and its potential for expansion.
Markets usually attribute the reasons for the success of the Treasure in idc to a single endowment of resources, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division's unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”. 1) Seen from resource endowments, companies have unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy consumption, etc.; 2) labour.
In terms of software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the city to be computerized in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives the company excellent cost control, robust maintenance, and a high-quality engine room.
It is highly recognized by Shanghai’s city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. The company’s strategic development approach is clear, and it insists on a self-building model that sustains a diversified range of high-quality clients on the front line, while at the same time developing a large customer base business with a strong potential for expansion and profitability.
The company's long-term, long-term, firm-minded vision of the long-term development of the company, as a hard-tech leader of the scarce deep layout of the country's “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet + idc cloud computing.” The company's net profits are projected to be 2,072 million idc in 2022-2024, less than expected, and 5g less than expected.
Served as a member of the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, deep-covering smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industry, Ishi Yoje, assistant in communications industry, Master of Arts in Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English. Served as a member of the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s Mri Research Centre, responsible for motor block research. Joined the Sinta Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, conducting research in the communications industry, mainly covering the network,
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, specializing in condensed physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & communications, laser radars, vehicle vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.