Marketized incentives to fully release dynamism: On 29 December 2022, the company released its Third Restrictive Stock Scheme (draft), proposed Treasure Software (600845.sh).
\triangleright \triangleright
The company, although a company, has extensive management experience in management teams, flexible management systems, alternative internal tests, market-based systems and several market-based incentive programmes. In 2017 and 2020, the company implemented two equity incentives, and on 29 December 2022, the company issued its third restricted stock scheme.
The three drafts, with a wide range of incentives covering company management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., highlight the firm confidence of corporate management in the long-term development of the future, while at the same time it is hoped that the motivation of staff will be mobilized to fully release the dynamism of the company.
On December 29, 2022, the company released its third restricted stock plan (draft) to provide incentives for the award of up to 30 million restricted shares, representing about the sum of the company's equity as of the date of the announcement of the plan.
For the first time, the scheme offers no more than 860 incentives, including: directors of companies, senior managers, middle managers, core technical, business, etc.
For the first time, the award of an incentive is based on the criteria.
The sale period is 24 months after the issuance of restricted stocks, 36 months after the end of the sale period, and the sale period is limited to the end of the sale period.
When the performance conditions are met, the sales limit will be lifted in three instalments over the next thirty-six months, at 33% respectively, the restricted shares awarded under this plan will be subject to annual performance appraisals and liftings in the three fiscal years during which the sale limit will be lifted, with an incentive to meet the performance test.
At the time of the announcement of the plan, the total cost of awarding restricted stocks for the first time was estimated at $5,586.3 million, the cost of which will be limited to this plan.
During the sale period, the release period is amortized and charged to administrative costs.Industrial Internet operations continue to advance with the introduction of the "Bolo" robotic brand \triangleright
The company launched an autonomous industrial Internet platform, xln3plat, in December 2020, and promoted the development of a large-scale “5s” component to complete the demonstration project of the Iron Interconnection Platform for Intellectual Control (the high furnace); and in early 2021, Bianwu established the China Bianwu Industrial Internet Research Institute and China Po.
Wei Da Data Centre, which is co-located with Bo-Sin, combines the design of the BMW Internet framework and cutting-edge technology development, and the company is actively building an Internet biosphere for the steel industry, building on the strong research and development power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous research and development of industrial networking platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, with iplat and eplat as two wings.
New growth paths have opened up a wider development space for future development. In recent years, the Bosin industry Internet platform has continued to serve as a “double-cross” platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in rankings; companies have accelerated industrial Internet platform research and development and cross-industry and cross-domain industrialization, building a new Xln3plat nuclear Xo, supporting a combinable structure; and introducing autonomous national production for research and development.
The basic industrial automation software, iplat-ba, fully meets the intellectual monitoring and process control needs of the industrial field: release of the first edition of the network component and complete deployment of the low code component; generation of real-time data collection into the lake and processing capability; development of the capacity of marginal models to accelerate push, schedule solve, cloud issues, etc.; launch of the "Bolo" robot brand, with the 10,000 "Bolo" induction plan
As an opportunity to create an autonomous and controlled “Boloyan platform” based on the Internet platform of the Treasure Industries industry, the launch of large-scale plc products from the metallurgical industry, and the launch of a ten-year research and development programme, the company officially released large plc products from the metallurgical industry in July 2021, which we believe is the Treasure letter plc.
The release of the product is of strategic importance and is equivalent to proof that the company is already at a leading level in the field of industrial and industrial software in the country. In terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is high: the large plc is very demanding for stability, it is important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, and the large plc market share of the country is largely captured.
In the hands of Euro-American companies like Siemens and Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, the general enterprise is not willing to change plc easily because of its business stability. For the Xin, the Xin Wu became a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product. Ten years of tests have proven the unique competitive power of the Quest; 2) the steel metallurgy industry has a high plc threshold: in all cases
In the industry, the steel metallurgical industry plc has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and in the case of the Treasure, the ability to do the steel metallurgical industry plc means the ability to expand across industries. The release of the large plc in the Treasure Iron and Steel industry is proof of its own industrial software power, the future company will expand its space in a “one-way-by-the-way” way, and its product series will expand vertically.
As the landscape continues to expand across industries, we believe that there is an urgent need to reshape the value of Treasure Smart manufacturing, and that future profitability + valuation will increase the space. idc has a unique capacity, a national core of cards, and a full potential for expansion \triangleright \triangleright
In its depth report, " Long-term certainty value of new capital dragons from three major expectations " , we clearly stress that markets usually attribute the reasons for their success in idc to a single resource endowment, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division ' s unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of "resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities".
(b) In terms of industrial software capabilities, companies are the only ones in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprises in the market that have an information base in the idc field, automated full autonomous research and development)
Businesses, which give companies excellent cost-control, robust transportation capacity, with their hangars of high quality, are highly recognized by Shanghai city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. Corporate strategic development is clear, consistent with a self-building model, with sustained diversification of high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate outreach to large client base-based businesses and strong combinations.
The company's long-term success as a hard-tech leader in the scarce deep layout of the country's “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet + idc cloud computing”
Long-term certainty and firm interest in the long-term development of the company. The company is expected to have less than expected net profits of 2,072 million idc in 2022-2024, less than expected in the build-up of the company, less than expected in the build-up and acquisition of the weapon of war, less than expected in the 5g.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, carrying out research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.