Head of domestic long-crystal equipment, semiconductor fast-tracking, crystal-singer power (300316.sz) 19/01021
The crystal growth process is the most central material process upstream in the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries. The crystal growth device, as nuclear equipment, serves as a material supply and efficiency enhancement in the iterative development of the semiconductor industry, helping the country.
The inner-industry chain solves the problem of material autonomy from the source. The crystal-spill power is the backbone of the country's long-crystal equipment, with downstream customers being the world-renowned photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon silicon enterprise. The company's long-crystal process has accumulated deep and highly equipped manufacturing capabilities, with rapid caps in core materials and equipment, and we predict the company's return from 2020 to 2022.
● Semiconductor operations: As a core manufacturer of domestic crystallized silicon equipment, the crystals engine power established its strategic objective of equipping semiconductor materials with national production. In 2007, the company successfully developed its first fully-automatic straight-line single-silicon growth furnace in the country.
In 2009 and 2011, companies took up two major national science and technology topics, with deep process accumulations. The silicon monocrystal furnaces have now been delivered to customers, extension equipment, polishing equipment have been technically validated, and 12 inches semiconductor monocrystals are already in the country.
Industrialization applications among prominent clients, with the advantage of a semiconductor material industry chain. Quasi-voltage business: mid-2019, with high hand orders, introduced 210 series of photovolts of silicon, leading the industry towards larger silicon tablets.
In addition to working in close cooperation with the country’s head, the company also worked closely with the Turkish company Hanhua Cairn, Turkey.
Kalyon Energy, in partnership, has strengthened global leadership and further opened up international markets. According to quarterly reports, the company was on an order of $5.9 billion at the end of 2020q3, a significant increase from the $3.8 billion at the end of the semi-annual report in 2020, providing a strong guarantee for future growth in its performance.
Transistor power: Crystal growth equipment tap 1.1, long crystal equipment accumulation deep, crystal sensor power was established in 2006 as a leading enterprise in the field of crystal growth equipment in the country. The company is based on crystals.
Development, manufacture and marketing of growth equipment, expansion of the applications of crystalline silicon growth equipment and processing equipment in the photovolt and semiconductor fields, deployment of the new sapphire materials industry, and continuous extension of the industrial chain around “new materials, new equipment.” According to a company offer disclosure, in 2007 the company successfully developed its first fully automated single crystal silicon growth furnace in the country.
Breaking the industry pattern of high-end monocrystal technology, which has long been under foreign monopoly, fills the domestic void. The Tdr system of crystals has evolved from the first generation to the fourth generation, and the company's research and development team has passed through the "key technologies for large semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal long-term equipment" and has developed superconductor magnetic field matching techniques, ccd video detection techniques, etc.
Innovative technologies have led to a major breakthrough in smart, fully automated monocrystal silicon growth technology, which has become internationally advanced and has become a leader in the monocrystal industry in the country, with semiconductor materials growing and processing equipment technologies and models leading companies.
The single-crystal production line is once again at an all-time high. Figure 1: Transistor power-deeping long-crystal equipment. Corporate business earnings have increased steadily in recent years, and net profits have recovered at a single-quarter rate.
The company’s operating income reached 2,485 million yuan, a record high, largely benefiting from the continued expansion demand of domestic photovoltaic silicon companies, while the company’s semiconductor long-crystal equipment was also emerging. As the photovoltaic market cooled and the semiconductor industry went up, the company’s net profits continued to grow in the first quarter.
In the second half of 2020, corporate profits began to reverse the downward trend, with a positive increase in the same year. In the third quarter of 2020, net returns reached 247 million yuan, an increase of 11.00 per cent in the same year, a rise of 74.09 per cent in the ring, and the largest net profits in the first quarter of the year.
Value added. The company’s Māori rate, which has been affected by rising raw materials prices, has declined slightly in recent years, but remains at around 30%. The decline in Māori is mainly due to higher raw materials prices and other business effects, such as the low Māori rate of the company’s bluestone material at this stage, which will be in the future with the successful preparation of large-scale sapphire crystals.
There is scope for a rise in the Maori rate. Upgraded to 5.14% in the first quarter of 2020q3, showing a growing profitability of companies.
This is a decline of 9.01% compared to 2017, mainly due to reduced management costs. After years of rapid development, both size and technology crystals have gained an absolute advantage in the same industry and have grown into a leading enterprise in the field of crystalline silicon growing equipment.
Operating income from long equipment amounts to $2,173 million, which is much more comparable in size. 1.2. Material equipment is actively laid out. The company's main business product consists of crystallized silicon growth equipment, optical intelligence equipment, led intelligence equipment and blue.
Gemstone material, with revenues from crystalline silicon growing equipment, is the most important component. According to the company ' s equity offer, with the success of the expanding company in 2013 in developing its first grinding and sapphire processing unit and the new sapphire crystal furnace, the company ' s performance has been given a new growth point, with crystalline silicon growing.
For the last two years, the demand for silicon has driven the production and sale of crystalline silicon growing equipment. In 2019, the crystalline silicon growing equipment achieved operating income of 2,173 million yuan, or 69.89 per cent, and smart equipment and sapphire materials accounted for 16.21 per cent, respectively.
And 2.12 per cent form the model of development in which the main business is prominent and diversified: Figure 9: The income scale of the crystalline silicon growing equipment continues to expand; the dividends of the expansion of the downstream photovolcose silicone industry continue to expand; the income size of the crystal silicon growing equipment continues to expand.
The annual crystallized silicon growth facility achieved operating income of 2,173 million yuan, an increase of 12.03 per cent over the same period, and was sustained at a rate of more than 10 per cent per year for five consecutive years, thanks to strong demand in the photovoltaic and semiconductor markets. In terms of sales, 1,457 silicon growth equipment were sold in 2019, an increase of 8.41 per cent over the same period in 2018.
In terms of the Māori ratio, the Māori rate for crystal silicon growing equipment is relatively high, with constant stability between 40 and 55%, of which the Māori rate for all-automatic monosilicon growing furnaces is generally about 10 percentage points higher. The Māori rate for fluorescent smart equipment is stable at around 40%, while the led smart equipment and sapphire material are used as 2015
The rate of Māori for Led smart equipment has been slowed down mainly by the growth rate in the industry downstream of led, client funding has been tight, expansion has been affected by restrictions on production, and there has been a decline in sales of old léd equipment due to the upgrading and new business start-up of photovoltaics in subsidiaries.
To be adequate, the industry ' s Māori ratio is generally low, but as the company ' s super-sized sapphire crystals are successfully developed, there is scope for future Māori coverage of the business.Crystal power has always focused on product R&D and technological innovation, spending on R&D costs and the number of R&D personnel in recent years
In 2019, R & D costs amounted to $186 million, representing 5.98 per cent of the year’s operating income, and R & D personnel were authorized to patent 387 patents, 55 of which were inventions. According to the company’s network of officials, in 2015 and 2016, the company successfully developed a single photovoltaic silicone stick grinding composite processor and a half.
In terms of the sapphire material, a large-scale sapphire crystal growth furnace of more than 120 kg was successfully developed in 2016, and a small batch was put into production, with 450 kg of sapphire crystal in 2017, the world’s largest.
Mechanical and electrical cooperation with higher education institutions has also been increasing, with the Institute of Mechanical Engineering of Zhejiang University building “mechanical and electrical hearts” in 2015. According to the company's network of officials, in December 2019, a “Crystal Fund” was set up with Zhejiang University to expand cooperation between the company and LanthyTech in September 2020, which jointly built a sapphire material manufacturing base.
Building on the technological and cost advantages of the corporate sector, the scale of sapphire materials in the area of electronic applications for consumption. In 2020, in the context of the impact of the epidemic on both domestic and foreign markets, crystallization still made significant progress in technological R&D and product development.
The company completed the development of 8-inch straight-axis silicon monocrystal furnaces and 6-inch carbonated silicon monocrystal furnace extension equipment during the reporting period, in which the carbonated silicon monocrystal furnaces had been delivered to customers for use, extended equipment, polishing equipment for technical validation, 12-inch.
The semiconductor monocrystals have been industrialized among well-known customers in the country. In addition, the company has increased its research and development and market expansion for new products such as semiconductor polish, valves, magnetic fluid components, 16-32 inches of tiles.
On August 23, the crystallizer crystal lab used the hard axis to pull the silicon single crystal, the first 8-inch crystal to grow from the country's first hard-axis vertical furnace. The successful growth of the crystal was a major breakthrough in the country's semiconductor-class equipment for silicon monocrystal growth.
The crystals power has focused on the development of semiconductor silicon monocrystal growth equipment, starting with the first generation of silicon monocrystal furnaces in 2006, and has developed a multiplicity of silicone monocrystal growth equipment 6-12 in diameter.
The most advanced technologies, such as track, liquid-level control, shoulder setting, and superconducted magnetic field crystallization, have led two major national science and technology-related topics, namely, the currently well-developed and technologically leading silicon monocrystal furnaces. The traditional straight silicone monocrystals use tungsten alloy cables as transmission axes for transistors and rotational movements, commonly referred to as soft axes.
The hard-axis technology developed by this crystals engine overcomes the swings of crystals under high crystals during the use of soft axes, which can effectively improve the homogeneity of crystals. In developing these, the crystals team solves a number of technical problems, such as axle sealing, vibration, axle water cooling, air flow.
The development of a hard axle straight puller has successfully provided equipment for the large silicon industry in the country, and in 2021 the company will launch a 12-inch axle straight silicon monocrystal, market-oriented, which will support the development of the semiconductor silicon silicon industry in China. Figure 15: The company will launch a 12-inch axle straight silicon monocrystal furnace
On August 26, 2020, the official Wireless public platform released a news announcement that the crystal-spiral 8-inch silicon furnace and the 6-inch carbonated silicon extenuator were accepted by customers. The official public platform news shows two years of delivery of equipment, showing strong research and development capabilities and process understanding.
The silicon excavator is a special equipment used to grow the outer layer on silicon tablets. The equipment developed is compatible with 6-8-inch excavation, and is characterized by a homogeneity of the outer silicon thickness and high resistance. 8 inches of silicon excavation. The first prototype entered the client field in August 2019 and was steadily produced for nine months, with a cumulative production of more than 40,000 pieces.
At the same time, the 6-inch carbonated silicon extenuator process, developed autonomously, has been accepted by the client and is now being tested for six-inch process. The carbonated silicon silicon extensions produced by the carbonated silicon exten furnaces are widely applied to new energy vehicles, electrical power, microwave frequencies.
The successful development of silicon outreach equipment and carbonated silicon outreach equipment by crystals is helping to expand the company ' s market layout in the areas of silicon semiconductor and third generation semiconductor equipment and to significantly reduce the costs of silicon and carbonated silicon material applications by nationalizing the equipment.
2. Semiconductor operations: process thick thin hair 2.1. Semiconductor long crystal barriers are higher. Single crystal silicon is the most basic material in semiconductor chip and device preparation, conductivity to light, electrical, magnetic field or temperature
A super-pure single crystal silicon is the semiconductor of the primary. It can be made of p- and n-silic semiconductors by blending the elements of the iiia and va, respectively, to form p-n knots with one-way conductive properties, so that single crystal silicon with high purity is commonly used to prepare photovoltaic or semi-conductor silicon silicon. Silicon plays an important role in modern silicone industries.
It is divided into three main components: multi-crystal silicon pureness, single-crystal silicon growth, and silicon formation, in which the crystalline silicon growth equipment directly determines the efficiency and quality of subsequent silicon production, which is the core equipment in the production of silicon.
Silicon. The purity requirement for single crystal silicon is generally “6 9” (i.e. 99.99%), while the semiconductor level single crystal silicon is usually “11 9” or more, with higher technical requirements for the purity and smelting chain. The usual monocrystal silicon preparation methods include both direct lafa (cz method) and zone molten (fz method), with straight pull.
The most common preparation process. The high-purity polysilium silicon melts at high temperature in the quartz, and then the single crystal silicon crystals melt into the molten body, forming a single crystal silicon stick by turning the crystals and silicons over the crystals and glyceums, following the steps of crystallization, neck shrugs, shoulder-slaves, and closing. The advantage of the straight lafa is that it is more suitable for large-sized single silicon rod pulls, with growth rates.
Fast, single-stage equipment is relatively low in value. The molten process is to use heat to produce a melting zone at the end of a multi-crysilium, to melt a single-crystal crystal, and then, by regulating the temperature, to move the melting zone slowly upwards, to produce crystallineized single-crysilicon sticks with the same crystal as the seed crystals, with the process being divided into horizontal areas.
Melting and silica silicon silicons are often used to make raw materials for gbt power semiconductors. However, the smelting method is usually applied to single silicon rods below 8 inches, subject to crystal growth mechanisms.
As a core manufacturer of domestic crystal-silicon equipment, the crystal-single power hit the semiconductor-equipment national product label from the start of its creation. According to the company’s network, in 2007 the country’s first fully-autical single-lined silicon growth furnace (tdr80a-zjs) was successfully developed, breaking through the long-term monopoly of high-end monosilicon-growing plant equipment by foreign firms.
Thanks to the company ' s research and development capabilities, two major national technology-related projects, the development of 300 mm silicon monocrystal growth equipment and the development of 8-inch silicone single-crystal furnace national production equipment, were undertaken in 2009 and 2011, respectively. The semiconductor-class single-crysilica rods were pulled in 2012 and the first successful silicon-melting zone was developed in 2013.
In September 2017, the 3,000tdr series of single crystal silicon growth furnaces were downlined at the assembly workshop and became an important milestone in the field of high-end equipment manufacturing. According to the 2018 report, the company’s main clients in the field of semiconductor silicon are currently semiconductors.
Prominent companies such as Chengzhou, Tianjin, and Kim Rui-chung now have world-class advanced levels in their 8-inch monocrysilica growing equipment. At the same time, the company is the only supplier of 12-inch silicon equipment in the country, with 12-inch semiconductor, single-crystal industrial capacity, and is sold in bulk to well-known customers in some parts of the country.
Figure 20: The development of crystals in semiconductor equipment is remarkable, the crystals in power are at the forefront of the national monosilicon growth furnaces, and technological processes are comparable to the international champions. Viewed globally, Japan’s Ferrotec and others are the leading firms in singlesilicon growth furnaces, the main product of Ferrotec.
It is an 8-inch monocrystal silicon growth furnace, whose product is superior to the application of magnetic fluid technology. The company’s tri-quarterly report of 2020 revealed that, as of 30 September 2020, the company’s outstanding contracts totalled $5.9 billion, the highest level ever, of which $400 million had not been completed for semiconductor equipment.
In the domestic market, companies with the capacity to produce a single crystallized silicon growth furnace include the Tokyo Express, Tianlong Light Power, and the North.
So, crystals power represents the most advanced form of semiconductor single-crystal silicon growth furnace in the country.
According to the company’s 2018 annual report, crystals power began to use the expansion dividend of the semiconductor silicone industry, focusing on the development of semiconductor silicone rear silicone grinding equipment. In the preparation of single crystal silicon bars, the crystal silicon grows.
Equipment is core equipment, which determines the electrical parameters of silicon, and in subsequent slices, inverted mills and polishing, the grinding device determines the geometric parameters of the final silicon product. For semiconductor single crystal silicon rod cut and roll.
Agr 812-zjs single crystal silicone roller and abbs 812-zjs single crystal silicon cutter for single-crystal silicon bars in inches have mastered the process of grinding and cutting large-sized single-crystal silicon bars. In the subsequent process, the technique of slices and inverted grinders, the milling process of semiconductor silicon silicons in in inches, and the state-production process is ideal.
Figure 23: Supply relationships between silicon silica polishers and major silicon companies around the world The technical requirements for equipment are high, technology is blocked in large silicon polishing equipment abroad, and international silicon polishers in major silicon mills are offered on an ad hoc basis.
In partnership with the American company Revasum, electromechanical power has worked together to advance the development of the polisher, taking advantage of the technical advantages of revasum in semiconductor silicon cmp (chemical machine polishing). From the 6dz fully self-motivated silicon silicon polisher product released at Semicon, an initial automated silicon silicon silicon silica silica silica silica polishing of 4-8 inches was achieved in 2018.
The crystal-spill power is officially launched into the market with an 8-inch polisher. Currently, the silicon polisher is blocking technology in the country, and new products from the crystal-spill power market will soon open up the domestic market. 2.2. Domestic production of the equipment is a necessity.
The semiconductor silicon, also known as silicon crystal circle, is a key raw material for the production of integrated circuits, and its demand is fast-tracked by the semiconductor industry, with the highest share being in Taiwan, China, with a market size of $11.45 billion. The mainland market in China accounts for about 16.25 per cent of the total, with a production value of $8.44 billion.
The semiconductor silicon is the market for the most valuable segment of the semiconductor material market, with a global semiconductor market value of $19.114 billion in 2018, accounting for about 36.8% of the market share. The silicon can be integrated into circuits and various semiconductor devices by means of light time, ion injection, etc.
Nationally produced silicons are now mainly concentrated in the supply of silicons up to 8 inches and below, unable to meet the 12 inches of mainstream demand. National silicons are firmly held in the hands of overseas manufacturers, which is consistent with the nationalization of the domestic semiconductor industry.
This is a major risk. Therefore, the development of the semiconductor industry must be accompanied by upstream materials to ensure that the process of national production is accelerated. In accordance with the objectives set out in the 2016 “13th Five-Year Development Plan Proposal for the Integrated Circuit Industry in China,” in the area of materials, the aim is to achieve 40-28nm process requirements for the industrialization of key materials by 2020.
Industrialization, with some areas of specialization advanced to 20-14nm, and two to three material firms became globally renowned brands. According to a stock offer from the Silicon Industries Corporation, the global semiconductor silicon (including polishing, extrapolation, soi silicon) industry sold a total of $12.98 billion in 2018.
Japan shares 27.58% in the chemical market, Japan shares 24.33% in the sumc market, Germany shares 14.22% in the siltronic market, China shares 16.28% in the global crystal round market, and Korea shares 10.16% in the sksiltron market. As the leading producer of semiconductor silicon tablets in the country, the silicon industry group simulates a merger of new and proud technology.
Japan’s silicon crystals are imported mostly from Japan, according to Japan’s customs disclosure.
As the domestic semiconductor industry developed rapidly, China’s mainland imports of Japanese silicon crystals increased from about 10% of Japan’s total exports in 2016 to 17% in 2019. The domestic semiconductor silicon films are higher than Japan’s reliance on Japan, and China’s silicon is in imminent danger of building its own productive capacity.
The Wassenaar Agreement, as revised at the end of 2019, further increases the risk of domestic import of large-scale silicon tablets. The Wassenaar Agreement, also known as the Wassenaar Arrangement, is an informal national organization of a small number of Member States, such as the United States, used to monitor and control exports of conventional arms or dual-use items from member countries and the transfer of related technology.
It has become a constraint to high-tech international cooperation between our country and its member countries. At the end of 2019, a new round of amendments was introduced to the Wassenaar Arrangement, which added two export controls in the semiconductor area, mainly related to the computation of optical software and the cutting, grinding, polishing of 12 inches of silicon crystal circle, targeting the rising China.
The silicon production capacity currently being built in China is mainly 8 inches and 12 inches, so domesticization of our semiconductor silicon is imminent. By means of Japanese customs export data, it is also possible to identify the silicon crystal processing equipment that Japan exports to mainland China.
The amount rises from year to year, and the large increase in sales unit prices over the past four years has significantly increased the cost of investment in equipment that we can build from our own semiconductor silicon products. Thus, the domesticization of equipment upstream of semiconductors is more urgent than the semiconductor silicon itself.
Long-term exposure to imports. 2.3. Need for silicon expansion-driven equipment. According to the latest data released by Semi, the 2020q2 global silicone crystal is 3,150 million square feet.
The volume of goods, even as a result of the global epidemic, has reversed its downward trend since 2018. The continued growth of global crystal-crystal capacity has created a huge demand for the silicon market.
According to the icinsights, the world-wide silicon production capacity will reach 2220 and 2394 million silicon-months (equivalent to 8 inches) in 2020 and 2021, respectively, and is expected to reach an all-time high. The strong build-up of crystals and silicone producers is bound to boost investment in silicon plant equipment.
Global semiconductor silicon equipment in 2019 amounted to $48.4 billion. Semi also projected that this figure would increase by 20% to $58.4 billion in 2020. We counted financing schemes for silicon enterprises that were listed/to be listed in 2020.
With downstream firms heavily listed or refinancing schemes launched, the semiconductor silicon industry is expected to reach a peak in investment, and the demand for equipment is expected to accelerate. Beijing has research: According to the Network of Research Officers, in June 2018, Shandong had limited semiconductor material.
The Department signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Daud County, with a total investment of $8 billion. The project began construction in March 2019 and has now completed construction of nearly 100,000 square metres of plant, installation of 15,000 square metres of cleaner plant, installation of newly purchased craft equipment, relocation of the Beijing line of production, and commissioning of the process.
With a capacity of 4.56 million silicon silicon tablets and 12-18 inches per year, and a good basis for the implementation of the next 12-inch silicon silicon.
The 8-inch silicon silicon road project will increase monthly production capacity by 100,000. In addition, Kim Rue Wei has completed the installation of a negative 12-inch silicon with a target of 1.2 million silicon annual production of integrated circuits, which is now in the advanced equipment procurement and construction phase.
Central ring leads: In 2017, the company launched an integrated circuit to produce large silicon tablets and put them into production. After the completion of the project, 8.775 million pieces per month and 12.6 million pieces per month will be produced.
According to the semi-annual report of the silicone industry in 2020, the subsidiary could produce 150,000 silicone tablets per month, 300 mm semiconductor in 2019, with a steady increase in capacity in 2020, reaching 200,000 silicone tablets per month by the end of the year.
Photovoltaic operations: In the hands order-filled 3.1, the photovoltaic silicon silicon industry has developed significantly. Photovoltaic power generation is a direct conversion of sunlight radiation into light using the photovoltaic effects of silicon.
The technological route for voltage consists mainly of crystallized silicon photovoltaics and thin-film photovoltaics, with crystalline silicon photovoltaic power packages containing single crystal silicon tablets and multi-crystal silicon tablets.
The single-voltane silicone device is the same as the semiconductor silicone device, which uses the straight-law process. There is a slight difference in the back-occupational process, which requires cutting the transcine without the need to go through the inverted grinding steps. The advantage of single silicone is in crystal integrity, optical and electron properties, higher mechanical strength, and more efficient photovoltaic conversion.
In addition to single-crystal silicon silicon, the photovolt area is technologically prepared with multi-crystal silicon. The silicon crystals are purified and melted into the silicon silicon silicon silicon furnaces, which complete the silicon in a multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon furnace, followed by silicon, slices, grinding, and polishing steps to complete the silicon film preparation and then form a photovolt battery assembly.
The jsh series of multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces with crystals power includes jsh 480, jsh600, jsh800, etc.. Compose multi-crysilica casting using heat exchange, with product loads ranging from 480 to 800 kg, equipped with a self-developed, fully automated computer control system, capable of self-drawn from vacuuming, heating, melting, long-crystalization, repulsion, cooling and cooling.
Motion control, with 800 kg of polysilium silicon prepared within 72 hours. The silicon silicon silicon silicon is more sophisticated, and the company is now pushing a single silicon stick and a multisilicon silicon silicon, respectively, a single processor and a cutter based on a diamond cutting technique.
Height is integrated into the functions of a variety of fractional devices, using the wcg 700-zjs single crystal silicon rod grinding composite processor, for example, a total of 21 square machines, floor grinding beds and rollers, based on an annual production of 300mw, while a single machine requires only 5 units, with an average of one third of the equipment invested per mw production capacity, effectively reducing the add-down.
Engineering costs. The application of the diamond cutting technology has refined the silicon silicon silicon silicon slicing process, which has many advantages, including narrow cuts, low silicon consumption, low cutting stress, flat-face cutting, and a high production rate. Figure 34: crystal-spill power has advanced optical crystal rods and silicon silicon processing equipment.
3.2. As the largest customer of the crystal-spiriting machine power, the Central Ring shares issued an announcement in March 2019 that the company and the People's Government of Hu and Hote had jointly invested in the construction of the “medium ring five 25gw single crystal silicon” in the city of Hu and Hoit in the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia.
The project is about 9 billion yuan, with construction planned for mid-April 2019, pilot production in the course of the year, and is expected to be fully operational by October 2021.
In addition, integrated enterprises such as Crystal, Crystal Australia, and Tonway have issued the corresponding silicon expansion plan. According to data released by the New Energy Research Center of the States, many photovoltaic-head companies are planning to start production in 2020.
Large-scale photovoltaic silicon tablets are becoming the mainstream, and equipment companies have benefited significantly from technological overlaps. In August 2019, the Central Ring shares launched the global launch of the "m12, m10, m9" series of new silicon silicon products.
The product in the m12 series is the latest 12 inches of super-silicon produced by the Central Ring shares to the all-PV industry. m12 is a 12-inch super-diamond line cutting of solar single crystal silicon squares, with an angle of 295 mm and an edge of 210 mm, an increase of 80.5% over the m2 area.
Power, for example, can reach 580w by 6 x 10 half pieces of mainstream power, and, if you add up the N-type technology, the power of the component can be raised to 615w. As a core equipment supplier for central ring shares, the company benefits significantly from 12 inches of silicon technology. In particular, the company’s representative product, the crystal silicon growth furnace, unlike other equipment, does not.
This can be done by technological adaptation. Once the size of the silicon is significantly changed, the crystal silicon grows, and the furnace must be completely upgraded. So, in the current wave of silicon technology, companies will benefit significantly from long-equipment enterprises as crystals.
The company has a deep partnership with large and well-known companies, both domestic and foreign. In addition to deep cooperation with major domestic companies, such as the Central Ribbon, Crystal Australasia, and Young-de, the crystal-sing machine power has been associated with the Turkish government, Hanhua Cairn.
In cooperation with the world’s large photovoltaic companies, the company’s industry leadership has been strengthened, and international markets have been further expanded. According to the third quarterly report of 2020, the company’s new purchase orders for photovoltaic equipment exceeded 4.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2020.
The growth in hand orders and contractual liabilities provides a strong guarantee for the future growth of the company’s performance. The operation of the Transistor Power Base is divided into: 1. Crystal growth equipment; 2. Smart processing equipment; and 3. Sapphire material.
1. Crystal growth equipment: in 2020, H1 received $1.02 billion, a 37 per cent increase over the same period. Given the introduction of investments in photovoltaic, large silicone expansion and semiconductor silicon, the operation is expected to pick up at a different rate in 2020-2022.
Given the price of raw materials and the optimal product structure, the business is expected to have a Māori score for 2020-2022. Smart processing equipment: $203 million in 2020 h1. Sapphire material: 167 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 148 per cent, taking into account Krypsum.
The Sapphire Project, which works with electromechanics and Ramsy, is expected to release production capacity in 2021-2022 and is expected to be the most central material process upstream of the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries. The crystal growth equipment, as a core equipment, has served as a material supply and efficiency enhancement in the iterative development of the broad semiconductor industry, helping the country.
The inner-industry chain solves the problem of material autonomy from the source. The crystal-spill power is a domestic long-crystal device, with downstream customers being globally known as photovoltaic and semi-conductor silicon enterprises. The company's long-crystal process accumulates deep, equipment manufacturing capacity surges, fast-tracks in core materials and equipment, and we predict the company's net profit share for 2020-2022.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating is covered in conjunction with comparable valuations and corporate business layouts. Global PVs are lower than expected.
Raw materials run the risk of higher prices. Higher prices for upstream raw materials may affect the level of corporate profitability.