Long Crystal Technologies, double-shooted Davis in 21st, 21st of 2021, research assistant.
In the second half of 2020, the entire photovoltaic industry started silicon expansion for 210 large silicon tablets.
According to our projections, over 10,000 single crystallized furnaces will need to be phased out in the stock market over the next three to five years, and the incremental market will look at the size of the market in the long-term space of the photovoltaic industry, taking into account the “3060” carbon neutralization and target, which is expected to reach 400gw in the future.
In the next two years, we'll see 200gw order capacity, corresponding to the size of the order of about $25 billion. The semiconductor silicon is in urgent need of national production, and the tap plant is expected to benefit from the outbreak of downstream demand.
The mass supply capacity is still in the client certification phase, with low-grade test pieces/blocks, etc., and national production is not delayed. Crystal is already a world-class supplier in the semiconductor monocrystal field, with 80% of the entire 8 inch line and more than 50% of the 12 inch single-crystal, polisher, etc.
In the long run, from equipment to materials, the sapphire business is expected to produce another crystallization.
51%) and a joint venture with LanthysTech (49% shareholding) to open a sapphire manufacturing and processing operation, with equipment expected to enter the plant in May 21. In December 20, a super-size sapphire crystallized version of the crystalline is expected to continue to reduce the price of the sapphire.
The prevailing view in the market is that the sapphire price is too expensive to use on a mobile phone. But the pattern of industrial development is that it will only be applied in large quantities when costs and prices fall to some critical point. We judge that as prices continue to fall + the process continues to rise.
In three years, applications such as cellular panels are expected to be released, and the market space is expected to create a new crystal. The potential for growth of the sic lineup is vast, and we judge that the future of the sin will be expected to extend to the end of the material, the furnaces and the 6-inch carbonated silicon outliers (the 4-inch process) will be accepted by the client.
The carrier technology is just beginning, the sic material is in the process of being certified by downstream customers, the market space is open, but there is a greater potential for future growth. Because of the difficulty and high cost of the sic liner manufacturing process, knowhow, which grows at the bottom, is better at the device end plus the process calibration end (equipment is not difficult but it works).
1 "Crystal Power" (300316): Photovoltaic art is very difficult, and 6 inches are not yet mature in the country.
The profit model has yet to be determined, and we're judging that the profit model of Jing Seong's business in sic is likely to extend beyond the effect that will hit Davis by double-click 2020-10 to the end of the material.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: sapphire, sic business increase in corporate profits for the time being, 2, Crystal Power (300316): holding hands, blues of blues, supply of creation needs
The semiconductor silicon silicon is not as good as expected.
Since 2019, silicon expansions have been launched in companies such as Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, Jingao, On-board Control, and Kyoto Express. On August 13, 2020, the People’s Government signed an agreement with the city’s people to invest about $5.8 billion in the construction of a 20gw monochrystal bars and slices project; on November 17, 2020, Tung Wei and Tsien could invest in the photovoltaic industry in partnership.
Links, with a planned investment of $6.5 billion in 15gw sticks and slices. We expect that in the year 2020-2022, with the advent of the large size of silicon, equipment such as traditional monocrystal furnaces will need to be upgraded, with crystallizer power serving as the backbone of the domestic monocrystal growth equipment, which will benefit in depth from the vast equipment space created by the need for additional load demand plus stock replacement.
210 or 18 x large silicone technology routes will continue to stretch the silicon silicon expansion cycle. We believe that the important reason for the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silic silicon silicon sili sili sili) sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili from sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili from sili sili sili
We believe that silicon preponderance is not excessive, and that the trend of 18x/210 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sprawl will continue. From the second half of 2020, there is a gradual consensus on 210 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
It is estimated that there are more than 10,000 monocrystal long-crystal furnaces to be phased out in the stock market over the next three to five years, and that the incremental market depends on the long-term market size of the photovoltaic industry, taking into account the “3060” carbon neutrality and target, and that future silicon production capacity is expected to reach 400gw, which will be able to see 200gw order capacity in the next two years, corresponding to the order size of around $25 billion.
Large-scale silicon downswing efficiency gains are evident, representing the direction of future development, and the intergenerational differences in equipment cannot be eliminated altogether, which will significantly boost the investment needs of silicon plants. On the one hand, the efficiency of silicon photovoltaic conversion and production efficiency of 210 silicon siliconsates has a clear advantage, as compared to m2 silicon silicon silicon silicon with 210 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Power, in the end, will be reflected in a significant decrease in the electrode cost of lcoe. On the other hand, 210-sized silicone devices and battery fragments can be compatible down by 18 x dimensions, making the direct choice of 210 routes more economical in the long run. The difference in silicon sizes will be reflected in the size of single crystal furnaces, which are shaped by the size of their cavity, and the inter-generational single crystals, depending on the size of the furnace.
The stove cannot be improved, but only buys new equipment. Since the "reduce effect" is the constant tone of the photovoltaic industry, the age of large silicon is highly deterministic. In terms of long-term economic efficiency, stock capacity is expected to be gradually replaced with 210 devices, long-term solution 210 silicon tablets are expected to be long-term solutions, and penetration rates are expected to accelerate.
In three categories: 1) some silicon production capacity, but vertically integrated to improve overall speech rights, including Crystal Australia, Artes, etc. due to better profitability of the silicon chain, the drivers of the component manufacturer’s operations gradually extend upstream into the industrial chain and participate in silicon silicon silicon expansion; 2) customers with stock capacity renewals resulting from large silicon trends, including central ring, crystallography, etc., are 18 x 210 large.
Silicon drop efficiency advantages are evident, and long crystal furnaces will be completely updated with silicon size, resulting in large-scale equipment replacement needs; 3) no silicon production capacity, new customers cut to silicon links, including Tweed, on-board control, etc.
On November 27, the Joint Initiative was co-signed by eight companies, namely, Trina, Orient Sunrise, Attez, Sunny Light Volt, Tungwok, Sunshine Science and Technology, Central Ring, and Flight Control. According to the Joint Initiative, within 210-220 mm dimensions, the size of silicon as defined in the Semi standard was selected: 210+/-0.25 mm as the only size.
Based on this joint initiative, the 210 camps are expanding, and the 210 silicon penetration is expected to rise faster than expected. With the strength of a stronger product, crystal-spill power has accumulated better customer resources, and many industry-leading firms have built up.
The main suppliers of single-crystal furnaces in the country today include crystal-singer power, Tianlong light power, fine technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, and North China. Even city numbers are linked to Lungi, working with Lungi deep in monocrystal operations. With the exception of Lungi, the crystal-crystal power account for 90% of the market demand.
The total market is about 50-60%, the main supplier in the industry. The company q3 is on a $5.9 billion order at the end of the year, +130%, and the first three quarters, with a new photovoltaic order of $4.5 billion, has a higher level of certainty.
After becoming first, silicon millers value more than the capacity of the equipment vendor for matching efficiency, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, is neutral, can deliver up to 21 items per day for six days a week, four weeks a month, and 504 per month. The present is the only single month available in the country to deliver more than 500 long-crystals.
(c) Future R & D potential, with sustained R & D capacity, and with capacity to continuously improve equipment production and reduce energy consumption.
2. The semiconductor large silicone tablets are in urgent need of national production, leading equipment plants are expected to benefit from an outbreak of downstream demand. The global semiconductor silicon sector market is highly concentrated and currently dominated by foreign leaders. The total market share of the top five semiconductor silicon enterprises is currently 93%.
The market share is 27%, the market share is 24%, the market share of Japan is 24%, the market share of Germany is 14%, the market share of Taiwan is 16%, and the market share of Korea is 10%. On December 10, 2020, the ring is announcing its agreement to buy the German silicon manufacturer siltronicag for Euro3.75 billion and sign a commercial merger with it.
Agreement (bca) is expected to complete the acquisition in the second half of 2021, and once the acquisition is completed, the spherical crystal circle is expected to become the world’s largest producer of silicon. The semiconductor silicon firm in mainland China produces mainly six inches of silicon and below, with only a few companies.
According to the icmtia, companies currently operating in the country in the business of silicon materials include the Zhejiang Jinxi, the semiconductor, the Central Rings, the Nanjing Shenggang, the Shanghai Xinhua, Hebei Puxim, and Kunshan mid-Silica. By the end of 2019, the Central Rings had a production capacity of 420,000 8 inches of silicon per month.
Zhejiang has the capacity to produce 320,000 8 inches of silicon polish per month, and the semiconductor has the capacity to produce 330,000 8 inches of silicon per month. The production of 8 inches of silicon per month has reduced our dependence on imports to some extent, filling the technological gap in the country and narrowing the gap with the world’s advanced levels.
Substitution of national production is urgent, and indigenous silicon companies still have opportunities to develop in the context of high concentration of industry. 90 mm and the process below is mainly based on 12 inches of silicon, which is driven by cost factors and is expected to remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon in the coming years.
Shanghai ' s new and central ring shares have a small supply capacity (150,000 units per month and 20,000 units per month) and are still in the client validation phase, with low-grade test clips/blocks, etc., and national production cannot be delayed. In our view, in the context of head concentration, to mitigate the risk of rising costs when supply and supply of silicon tablets are tight, the indigenous crystals will be created.
The plant will be more motivated to opt for a combination of multiple suppliers, so domestic silicon suppliers will still have a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line in the import-substitution trend, and the big silicon will benefit most from the wave of national production. The crystal-spill power has grown to world-class equipment suppliers in the semiconductor single-crystal field, with 80% of the 8 inch line and 12 inches.
More than 50% of the equipment supply capacity of single-crystal furnaces, polishers, etc., and close cooperation with major domestic silicon mills, such as the Central Ring, Research Institute, Jin Rui-chung, and Chengzhou. The large silicon is the most beneficial under the wave of national production.
The company’s clients in 8 and 12 inches of silicon are making steady progress in certification, and the gap between the top five silicon manufacturing firms is closing. With further energy release, we expect that 2020-2021 will be the node for the company’s client certification of the harvest.
8 inches of silicon: products used in areas such as power, logic, igbt, Sensor, through certification by multiple domestic and international customers, have been scaled up, released in 2020 along with the release of suitable automated production line capacity, market occupancy rate 12 inches of silicon: products used in areas such as power, cis and so on have been increased through certification by multiple customers
Phases; technology node development of the entire 28nm process has been completed and the product has been certified on the client. R & D and evaluation of 19nm crystals have been completed at the company crystal research and development base.
As well as research and development, the central ring is expected to give priority to crystallized equipment in its expansion. We expect that, as the central ring-free project accelerates, the equipment orders for the project are expected to land over the next few years, and that the crystal-spill power will gradually realize semiconductor equipment performance. According to our calculations, the intermediate scenario, the crystal-spill power plant accounts for 60% of the total procurement of the medium-ring-up project.
So we believe that the semiconductor equipment order for the next three years is 3. From equipment to materials, the sapphire business is expected to produce a new crystallization in the long run, which is a domestic sapphire material tap supplier. In the first half of 2020, the company's sapphire business generated 67 million dollars.
At a cost of $63.6 million, the sapphire business as a whole has not progressed as much as the company itself expected, mainly in the area of led, where the industry’s landscape pressure +led with a lower price of sapphire has led to a gain.
A joint venture (49% share) is set up for the production and processing of sapphire materials, which is expected to enter the plant in May. Blues is the home-grown glass tap, and this collaboration is expected to rapidly expand downstream demand space, and we expect a firm of certainty in downstream demand for the next 2-3 years.
Figure 11: Corporate sapphire business as a whole is not progressing as expected by the company itself
On the demand side: (1) The consumer electronics industry has a wide range of applications and currently has a low penetration rate, which is expected to be the main driving force behind the growth of the sapphire industry. For example, in the mobile screen market, sapphire material has a clear advantage over traditional glass (fail resistance, good hand perception, thinner film, etc.) and is expected to generate a great deal of demand as the sapphire falls.
Cell phone screens, market space, are expected to create a new crystallization; (2) the consumption of electronic sapphire is higher and more profitable than in the area of led, but the consumer electronics industry is typically characterized by supply-led demand, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future as capacity is released.
On the supply side: (1) the value of the company ' s long crystalry equipment and crystal growth chain is high at 70%; (2) the bulk of the cargo will bring a magnitude-reduce effect and increase the profitability of the company ' s products. (3) This time, indirect access to the supply chain system of international first-line mobile phone manufacturers, using Lancet technology, will open up the company ' s downstream customers in the field of sapphire, and the future is expected to be in the bottom.
On December 22, 2020, the crystallized crystallized laboratory and sub-crystal electronics jointly developed the latest innovation – the 700-kg-sized first sapphire.
In 2017, the company’s first 300-kg crystalline, and in 2018 450-kg-grade sapphire crystals broke research and development records in this area, with production costs down by 40% from 150-kg-grade sapphire crystals. This 700-kg-class crystals was re-recorded, representing the company’s sapphire growth technology to world leaders.
Larger, the greater the use of materials, the smaller the marginal loss, and the greater the cost advantage. On the one hand, the greatest disadvantage of the sapphire being used for mobile capping is the higher cost. On the other hand, as the company continues to drive down the cost of sapphire crystals, the use of sapphire in the consumer electronic field is expected to expand further; on the other hand, we believe that the company will be operating in the sapphire business in the coming years.
The prevailing view in the market is that the sapphire price is too expensive to use a mobile phone. But, by the way of industrial development, large-scale bulk applications only come up when costs and prices fall to some critical point.
The introduction of a super-sized 700-kg crystal with crystals is expected to continue to reduce the price of the sapphire, 4.sic is expected to grow with great potential, and we judge that the future of crystals is expected to extend to the end of the material, and semiconductors can be divided into three generations, with the first generation represented by silicon monosi, ge, and the second generation by arsenic.
The third generation of the third generation of semiconductors, represented by silicon chloride (gan), silicone carbide (sic), diamonds, and zinc oxide (zno), has the advantage of high pressure, high temperature, low energy depletion, etc.
In first- and second-generation semi-conductor material, the third-generation semiconductor material, represented by sic, has significant advantages in such key parameters as restricted bandwidth, electric field strength, saturation and electronic drift rates, thermal conductivity and radiation resistance, and therefore has superior electrical properties as follows: (1) high pressure resistance. Sic is more than 10 times the strength of silicon. (2) high temperature resistance.
It has a higher heat conductivity than silicon, which makes it easier for the device to evaporate and has a higher operating temperature at its limits. The high-temperature properties can lead to a significant increase in power density, while lowering the requirements for the radiation system, allowing the terminals to be lighter and smaller. (3) low energy loss. Sic has a two-fold saturation and electronic drift rate, making the sic device extremely low conductor.
Electricity resistance, low conductive loss; sic with a three-fold restricted band width over silicon, causing a significant reduction in the leakage of carbon-sic devices compared to silicon devices, thereby reducing power losses; sic devices are closed without electric current tugs, switch losses, new energy vehicles are one of the most important downstream markets for sic power devices and will become a relative new growth point for sic in the future.
In traditional si-materials, sic is one of the ideal materials for producing higher power, efficiency, high pressure, high frequency, high temperature, and miniature and lightweight power semiconductor devices, making sic-power semiconductor the dollar of the new energy car electronic market. As new energy vehicles develop, the demand for power devices is increasing and the power-power semiconductor is new.
The components of the architecture of the new energy vehicle system that involve power semiconductor applications include: electric power drive systems, vehicle charge systems (obc), power switching systems (dc/dc) and non-car charge posts. The sic power device is applied to the main reverse transformer in the power drive system, which can significantly reduce the volume, weight and cost of electrical electronic systems and improve power.
Rate density, of which Tesla's model3 is for the first time a complete sic power device was integrated into the main reverse transformer; the sic device was applied to the vehicle charger system and the power switching system, which effectively reduced the loss of switches, increased the operating temperature of the maximum, and increased the efficiency of the system. More than 20 car manufacturers worldwide are currently using the sic power device in the vehicle charge system:
The sic device should be used for a new-energy car charger, which can reduce the size of the charger and increase the charge rate. According to yole, the cagr of the sic power device will be more than 30% in the next few years, of which the new-energy vehicle and charger are the two fastest growing applications.
White home power dc/ac inverter dc/dc converter
Railway transport, hybrid power vehicles, electrical control of uninterruptible power supply wind turbines
The industrial chain of the \frac{text{kw}(text{mw} sic powerware) includes: bottom-extension-ware (design, manufacture, seal)-application. The bottom line and extension are the upstream part of the sic industry and are the material links that underpin the development of the entire industry, the performance of the final device.
And the cost is significant. The sic liner can be divided into two types: conductive and semi-insulated: the conductive liner; the long sic outer latency made of silicon silicon, which can be used for new energy vehicles, photovoltaic hair, orbital transport, smart grids, aerospace; and the growth of the gan outer latency made carbonic on the semi-insulated liner.
Silicon-based nitrium (gan-on-sic) extensions, which can be further made into microwave radio frequency devices, can be used in 5g communications, the mine sic-substrate manufacturing process is difficult and costly, and overseas poles dominate. The core difficulty in lineding is precision control: (1) high temperature growth.
Long, the growth process requires precise temperature control and control is difficult: (2) parameter control, sic has more than 200 homogenous isomers, many crystal types of liberal energy differences are very small, silicon carbon ratios need to be precisely controlled during crystal growth, growth temperature gradients, crystal growth rates and air flow pressure, otherwise multiple crystal traps are easily created; (3) feet
As the size of the crystal expands, the size of the sic crystal growth difficulty process increases geometrically; (4) later processing. Carbon silicon hardness is close to gold diamonds, cutting, grinding, polishing techniques are difficult, and the level of the process needs to increase over time. Due to the slow growth rate of crystals and the difficulty of preparing them, the cost of producing large-sized, high-quality carbonated silicone chips remains high.
Several times the base of silicone, which limits the penetration of the sic device in the short term. The sic liner is now more concentrated, with market participants mainly in the US, EU, and Japanese industries such as cree, ii-vi, dowcorning, rohm, Zhao and Electric.
The Yangtze sector has an absolute leading advantage - the city was over 60% in 2018. The country’s leading city of Chicounda is 1.7%. The country’s sic material industry is still in the early stages of development, with a product of 4 inches dominated and 6 inches undeveloped. (1) Bottom line: mass production at the 4 inch line has been achieved and 6 inches accelerated.
After more than 60 years of development in the United States, our domestic firm, represented by Chicounda, has gradually acquired the key technology of 2-6 inches of the bottom line. At present, the domestic carbonated silicon line is dominated by 3-4 inches, and the 4 inches of the scale of the scale have reached the world's bottom.
The 6-inch line is initially in the stages of preparation for engineering and small-volume production. (2) Extending: internal and external stretches are mostly 4 inches and 6 inches are in the initial stages. Domestic producers of carbonated silicon extrapolated silicon expanders are mainly small-scale, large-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, medium-sized, 55-sized enterprises that have accumulated through many years.
Tired and optimized, basically and foreign giants are in the same ladder. Currently, the internal and external stretch is dominated by four inches and starts to provide a continuous expansion in the size of the sic liner, the 6 inch liner will be mainstreamed and there will be great potential for future development. With the maturity of the 6 inch sic liner manufacturing technology of enterprises like cree, ii-vi, the quality and stability of the 6 inch product will gradually improve.
We believe that in a context where the 8 inch line is not industrialized, the 6 inch will gradually be replaced by the 4 inch: (1) size expansion is a necessary route to the reduction of efficiency gains in light of the development of photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon tablets; (2) since 2019, long-term supply agreements with the global sic lined dragons have been signed with downstream production of 6 inches of products, and downstream equipment is manufactured abroad.
The manufacturer’s demand for sub-sic procurement is gradually shifting from 4 inches to 6 inches, with a high potential for future development. With regard to material equipment, the long-crystal furnaces (the bottom-line furnaces) are self-researched because of their difficulty and high cost, while the long-crystal furnaces are key to the quality control of sub-village growth.
In 2018, the country’s sic material merchant, Cheonyang, established the Shenyang branch, which specializes in the production of long crystal furnaces, completes their own equipment and sells them abroad; the crystal-single furnace, which was developed in 2018 and has now been marketed. The key to the long crystal furnace is that it is high, and higher, and more economically, the long crystal-high is the core indicator of the industrial process.
The stove is mainly made of mocvd equipment, and the market is dominated by overseas aixtron, lpe and Veeco. The 4-inch process of the sic extenuator, developed by crystals, is also accepted by the client. It is now being tested for six inches.
At this stage, the market space is still open, but there is much potential for future growth. Because of the difficulty of the sub-sic manufacturing process and its high level, knowhow, which grows at the bottom, is more at the end of the equipment plus the process re-engineering end (the equipment is not difficult but the process is very difficult), and is currently 6 inch immature in the country.
So, in the short term, the profit model for the crystalsec business has not yet been determined, and we think it is possible to look at the sapphire business development model (the sapphire furnace space is small; but the sapphire crystal market is large), the profit model for the sic business is likely to extend to the material end in the future.
For the time being, no consideration was given to the increased profitability of the sapphire and sic operations to companies, only to the performance of the photovoltaic operations, the low rate of downstream expansion, the low-intervention period, the less-than-expected semiconductor operations, and the less-than-expected sapphire operations.