\triangleright \triangleright
According to the announcement, in 2023, the company implemented a repurchase write-off restrictive equity incentive scheme, which was partly restrictive, with sufficient cash and a greater potential for upscaling. The 23-year return net profit of $5.426 billion was based on \triangleright
Under the structural advantage of the dominant industry, net cash flows have been positive every year since they were listed, while companies have been in control of cash flow indicators, and operating cash flows improved significantly in 2023. Adequate cash flows not only guarantee a firm’s greater solvency, but also provide a basis for initiatives such as a further increase in the share of dividends.
Liu Haiyong ' s supervisory advice was 1,609 million yuan, a decrease of 31.24 per cent in the same year; 3,368 million yuan, an increase of 13.21 per cent in the same year in the sale of business and new materials; and 480 million yuan, a decrease of 65.17 per cent in the same year in the modern services sector.
However, foreign contracts continued to work, amounting to $36,679 million, an increase of 410 per cent over the previous year, and two Indonesian projects and one Russian project were awarded in May, resulting in a high rate of growth in offshore operations.
Business development adheres to an “innovation drive” and active deployment of front-line industries. Corporate business development focuses on research and development of new chemicals, such as \triangleright fibres, high-end nylon materials, degradable plastics, and special chemicals.
Technologies such as endamide, aditoxine, aerogel, and environmentally degradable plastics. Among them, China’s chemical flag, Qihang, began a large number of research experiments in 2011 to develop an autonomous intellectual property right-owned butadiene, the hydrocyanide method of synthesizing thiophosate; and in May 2020, the Tianxiang Nielong New Materials Project in Shandong.
(b) In February 2023, the nylon 66 unit successfully drove and produced the first class of excellence, which completely broke the technical blockade and monopoly on the country's Xyenium, filling the void of domestic technology.
White. There has been an overall increase in the start-up rate in the 2024q2, pa66 sector, with an average start rate of 64.70%, and the ring, which has broken through the upgrading of industrial processes, is expected to lead to rapid growth in our nylon 66 sector.
\triangleright The growth of domestic orders is robust, the business potential is strong, the dividends have long-term potential for upgrading, and the “recommended” rating is maintained. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.