The Chinese bank can get "Big Business Coverage + Gold" instead of the Chinese group.
In mid-2010, a business collaboration unit was established to promote intra-group synergies. The arrival of a credit card licence in mid-2022 pushed “facilitation synergies” to a new level, and corporate linkages in many industries complement each other, providing strong support for the development of the Sino-Bank bank.
In the larger context of China’s special-purpose valuation system, Sino-Bank can fully embrace the promotion of valuation opportunities. On the one hand, Sino-Bank is still in a low-value phase, with a stable red rate; on the other hand, Sino-Tribunal banks have a solid base, a clear business strategy, and good prospects.
The current development of the “new retailing” of the Sino-Trust Bank has benefited fully from its three-dimensional, incremental “synergy” planning.1 The various types of operations within the retail section have been integrated;2 the lines of the whole line, namely retail finance, corporate finance and financial market operations, have worked together to create the “fiscal”
The three core competencies of management, asset management, integrated financing; 3 are coordinated by the Sino-Trust Group, the China-Cin-Treat Control, and the associated subsidiaries are building a “Sino-Tin fleet” to give new impetus to the development of banks.
In recent years, the quality of public assets has continued to improve, including by restructuring credit structures and increasing the recognition of bad practices, while business development has relied on the Group’s capacity to strengthen services while continuing to consolidate the low-cost advantages of public deposits over the years.
The main paradox of the roe pressure in recent years is that there are three current trends: 1 asset quality has improved significantly; 2 asset-end retail trust
The ratio of credits to the ratio of end-of-debt deposits has the potential to increase, providing positive support for the difference;3 and the ability of the group to build on the three core competencies of wealth management, asset management, and integrated finance, with potential for growth.
In addition, in the process of restructuring the credit structure, Sino-Kind Bank began to withdraw from real estate at an early stage, and is now less exposed and open, and the overall risk is expected to be manageable. The current RMB 40 billion unit is about to land and can be issued to supplement the core level.
Capital, which is a capital reserve for successive expansions of scale. Investment proposal: Unloading quality packages, working together, building on the release of historical asset quality packages, trusting banks to capture the synergies between corporate and gold controls.
To further define its new retail development strategy, retail credit boosts the performance of interest income, “wealth management, asset management, integrated finance” brings with it the potential for moderate growth, and the logic of development is clear.
In 1986, the China-China Group applied to the People's Bank for the reorganization of its banking department into a “China-China-Industry Bank”, approved by the State Council and the People's Bank in 1987.
The Bank was formally established as one of the first national commercial banks to reform and open the country. At its inception, the Sino-Industry Bank was established primarily to operate on the public line of foreign exchange, trade and business.
The strategic upgrading path is clear, and the retail strategic position is gradually improving. The Sino-Bank Bank began to implement a zero-sale banking strategy in 2005, and the retail credit ratio continued to rise, but the retail credit ratio remained below 30% until 2015. From 2015 to the present, the three-stage “three-year plan” presentation can be seen in the retail banking strategy.
The strategic positioning of retail operations has gradually escalated from the “two wings” in 2015-2017 to breaking the traditional lines of business, proposing “investment in the three pillars of wealth management, asset management, and integrated financing”. Correspondingly, the ratio of retail credit has risen rapidly since 2015 and is now stable at 40 per cent.
1.2 Dependent Group, Financial + Business Ingenuity, Relying on the Central Group, with a strong background of State capital. On April 28, 23, China's limited-to-China credit control has transferred 64.18% of the shares of the Central Bank, which has now been registered, has changed to China's first major shareholder.
The Sino-China group is still the actual controller of Sino-Bank, while the Sino-China group is the central sole-owned, 100% owner of the Ministry of Finance, giving Sino-Bank a strong national capital background. The group operates in a diversified and collaborative manner.
First, it covers the five main segments of integrated finance, advanced intelligence, advanced materials, new consumption and new forms of urbanization, each of which has a leading intra-business subsidiary. Under the Group’s “financial license plate, business-wide” resource endowment, the Sino-Bank can maintain a competitive advantage over three dimensions.
The second is the “synergization” that can be achieved within the IFS, which can provide one-stop, life-cycle integrated financial services to key bank clients. The third is the “synergization” that can be achieved with four major business units.
In March 2022, they were set up as a platform and the backbone for the development of the Sino-Consultative Integrated Gold and Melting Services Block, which will support the development of financial subsidiaries such as Sino-Bank, Sino-Sin Trust, Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Kin Trust, and Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Kin Shin, and others. The establishment of the Sino-Sin Consortium provided further institutional support for Sino-Sin-Sin.
The first is the creation of a wealth management committee at the financial control level, with an investment board, a retail system construction committee and an asset allocation sub-committee to help build strong integrated financial services. The second is the gradual integration of teams and the upgrading of client service experiences; and the third is the establishment of a real-winding system to verify risks on a wider scale, identify risk points earlier, and make it possible.
Synergy in handling problems that already exist. Figure 5: Summary of structure of CCM organization 1.3 Management strategy is strong
On April 17, 2023, Sino-Bank issued an announcement that Mr. Chu has resigned as Chairman of the Bank, and that the Board of Directors has elected the former Chairman of the Bank to the post of Chairman and appointed Vice-President Liu to the post of Chairman of the Board of Directors.
First, Chairman Fang and Governor Liu have been working together for many years without any concern about cooperation; second, the new President, both of whom are the main framers and implementers of the Bank ' s development strategy in recent years, and the firm ' s established strategy can be upheld; and third, the chairman of the United Kingdom still serves as the deputy general manager of the Group and remains the group ' s co-ordinated resources.
In the text of the Medium Special Valuation System III: What are the top-notch bank gains?, we mentioned a framework for equity indicators for bank proposals under the Medium Special Valuation System: high national holdings, robust operations, low valuations, high-equity holdings.
In the first place, the credit group in the real control of the Bank is held by the Ministry of Finance on a single, fully-owned basis. At the same time, although the fractional level of 1/4 since 2023 has been stable, the red ratio is stable.
The overall share of cash was slightly lower, but compared to the other three equity firms with a higher share, the share of cash in cash has stabilized at a higher level since 2015 and is within a range of 25 to 31%. Poor restructuring has been in place, operating reasonably robustly.
The year 2018 peaked, but over the last five years the quality of the assets has been significantly restored by restructuring the credit structure and improving the wind management system. Roe levels have also recovered from the 2020 low, with a robust overall profitability.
2.1 Retail strategy upgrades, plate internal integration Current retail business strategic position upgrades and fine-tuning of content. While retail business continues to grow in line with the Bank-wide strategy, business development strategies have become more sophisticated and now form a “two-wing, one-wing” around wealth management
Three whole, four-ring, and five-wing development strategies. The "four-ring, two-wing" is the development path through which the "three-pronged" service system, "one-client-level maintenance, one-size-fits-all supply, one-way-to-reach" is better achieved;
The structure of the organization was further refined. In 2021, the organization of the retail financial section was restructured and the Ministry of Wealth Management was created to replace the former Department of Retail Banking and the Ministry of Retail Banking.
The Department of Digital Finance has a team and function in its operations, while the former Department of Retail Banking has been renamed the Department of Retail Finance, with a greater focus on integrated planning in terms of aggregates as a whole. The restructuring of the organizational structure highlights the importance of wealth management in the new retail strategy.
Some of the team and business functions of the former Retail Banking Department, the Digital Finance Department were integrated into the new Department of Wealth Management. As the transition progressed, retail output was released.
The share of production rose to 26%, while the share of retail branches reached 40.1%, and the retail customer base was stronger. Tenders were the backbone of retail operations, and by the end of 2022 the number of individual clients in the Bank had reached 127 million, the fourth largest among the stock-brokers.
A layered operating system has been developed for the general public (client assets 0-50 million) - rich (client assets 5-500,000) - VIPs (client assets 50-6 million) - private (client assets 6 million and above); client service dimensions, along with offline network points, use of two main apps: "move card space plus mobile phone bank" on the line.
Retail credit structure has been gradually balanced. In 2013 and earlier, the ratio of mortgages to retail credit in CSB housing has been more than 50%, but in recent years, as the strategic position of retail business has increased, credit cards, consumer loans and business operations have developed rapidly, leading to a higher contribution to the growth of retail credit, resulting in a retail credit balance.
The current demand for mortgage credit is slightly more volatile, and a more diversified distribution of retail products can support credit growth in the context of cost recovery. Credit cards are in the forefront of the stock line, fully benefiting from retail block integration.
At the end of the day, the accumulated credit card volume of the CSB has reached 107 million cards, ranking in the top of the stockbrokers. The growth of the credit card business in the BSB has fully leveraged the internal integration of retail plates. In the strategy of building the “Five” customer relationship, the “principal finance” has accelerated the integration of debit cards and credit cards; and the “principal investment” innovation.
Building a unique wealth management service system for credit card clients; a range of marketing activities around “principal services” and “principal activities” in retail sections has also helped to increase the stickyness of credit card customers and the scale of transactions. Cards are entering the stock age, relying on digital construction for high-quality development.
On the other hand, in July 2022, the People’s Bank and the Superintendence of Silver Insurance issued a circular on further steps to promote the healthy development of credit card practices, which regulates credit card operations in a number of ways. The introduction of a new regulation on stock competition and regulation calls for changes in the credit card industry to promote the success of the industry.
Quest continues to enhance its digital capacity, relying on the Torai technical assistance service and marketing, with the combined service effectiveness, services and marketing performance of 2022 + 10 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. Figure 20: Credit card transactions and the same rate of increase by the Sino-Bank bank as of 2022
2.2 Co-development of public retail interaction Lines of co-development Retail ends: Systemic “new retailing” with wealth management at its core. Public-private linkages emphasize the full integration of retail finance, corporate finance and financial market blocks to promote better “rich management”
On the one hand, wealth management is the starting point of this chain, and it is at the heart of the new retailing of Sino-Bank, and its initial development depends on the “asset-seeking” capacity of public business and the ability of the gold market to manage its investments. On the other hand, wealth management has increased its capacity to absorb funds and can also contribute to integrated financing and investment.
On the one hand, under the “whole customer-whole product-whole” strategy, the Bank has built up the basic advantages of developing wealth management operations.
Retailed aum base, which, as of 23q1, is $4 trillion retailed by the SBI, ranked second in the list of shares. Private brands continue to be built, reinforcing the path of value progression. On the other hand, on the full customer base,
Building a differentiated private banking capacity, building on the brand of the "Living Accompaniment Project" and continuously improving the service system for private clients; and diversifying client excavations through such channels as cloud companies and the "Juveniles" abroad finance scenes, constantly increasing the number of high-contribution private clients and the size of their assets as of the end of 2022.
Asset management: Financial management is an important development platform. Asset management is a central link in the value chain of great wealth, providing high quality products with competitive returns at the end of wealth management with excellent investment management capabilities, and an integrated financing component that provides the organizational capacity of assets to make full use of the high-quality assets that are excavated.
By the end of 2022, the size of Sino-Trust Bank property had reached $1.6 trillion. For the common end: IFS capacity has been enhanced. The development of integrated finance, i.e., “more than banks” for clients.
A multi-faceted financing service, with the Chinese bank relying on the group for this type of business. First, the group's financial license plate is complete, and multiple financial institutions such as “banks, securities, insurance, trusts” can work together to provide comprehensive financing solutions for their clients; and second, they can leverage four major business blocks within the group to invest in and transport their capital.
On the one hand, the demand for financing by market players is changing, while competition among financial institutions is becoming more inflamed, promoting the integration and integration of comptoirs and investment banks.
On the other hand, combined finance accounts for a smaller proportion of capital, which is more conducive to the development of light capitalization in banks. The investment industry has generated revenue-side support for the Bank, which reached 1.2 trillion yuan in mid-2022.
Achieving business income of $7.43 billion; of this amount, debt financing instruments are under cover of $739.3 billion and are ranked first in the entire market. 2.3 Group, gold-control coordination, promoted "1+1>2"
In addition to the development of synergies among the business panels within banks, the Bank can also connect with the financial companies within the group and with the four major business units to create a matrix of synergies at the inclusive, productive and group levels.
In 2020, the Synergy Committee was set up and facilitated by the vertical establishment of a three-tier management system of “group-subsidiary-focused sub-branch (sub-branch)” and the horizontal establishment of a mechanism for joint regional operational meetings to form a matrix-based synergy mechanism.
For the commons, in 2020, Sino-Bank established a public finance strategy centred on synergistic development, guided by the strategy, based on Sino-Portuguese securities and Sino-Trust.
By 2020, the combined funding of the Toto, Shinto, Middle-Continent futures, etc., had increased significantly, and by the end of 2022, it had broken the $2 trillion threshold. At the retail end, by sharing product resources with other companies in the group, it had brought together the power of diversified channels, the 2022 retail product cross-regulations.
In July of 2022, the CCM was formally established, providing a stronger grip on the coordinated integration of the CCS. Since its inception, the CCM has made it clear that a strategic plan of “four, three, three, five” would be implemented, namely, to build a first-class gold control platform that would enhance overall risk control and integration.
Financial services, harmonization of customer services, state-of-the-art technology enabling four functional systems, building three core competencies: wealth management, asset management, integrated finance, and five sub-areas of strong banking, securities, trust, insurance, and management.
The establishment of CCM's “1 4 3 5” strategy will also contribute to the development of CSBs in four key areas. The first is to promote a strong combination of financial services and enhanced integration.
In addition, three sub-committees have been set up under the Committee for the Management of Wealth, on investment operations, retail system construction and asset allocation, so that Sino-Bank and other subsidiaries under the gold flag can work together on market opportunities, and jointly develop a client service system that is conducive to good harmonization. On the one hand, banks and other subsidiaries under the gold flag.
For example, at the end of 22 years, the individual clients of the financial subsidiaries under the umbrella of the Group of Credit had a total of 190 million, with 1.2 million public clients, up from 127 million in China and 1.04 million in China. On the other hand, banks were able to combine their financial headhold capabilities with other multi-occupational financial plates, thereby upgrading asset allocation and products.
In addition, it facilitates the development of a comprehensive wind-control system and the upgrading of financial science and technology. Under the synergies of the gold controls, risk information can be shared among financial subsidiaries, which can lead to better cross-checking, early detection and integration.
Risk screening and further joint risk management.3 Unload history and reconfigure its contribution to public competitiveness based on traditional advantages 3.1
In the early years, Sino-Trust banks had a long-term legacy of public business. At present, they still have a better contribution to the deposits, accounting for 74.7% of public deposits at the end of 2022, the second highest among joint-stock businesses; and public deposits.
The comparative advantage in pricing has also led to lower interest rates on deposits between the Chinese and Chinese banks. The focus group is captured, and the strategic client contribution is stable.
At the end of 2022, 190 head office + more than 1600 branch strategic clients contributed 34.8% of the public deposits (daily average caliber) to the Sino-Trust Bank.
Figure 35: Sino-Bank loan holdings up to 2022, with 3.2-rated credit structures that reshape market competitiveness and long-term rise in public-end failures. Sino-Bank non-performing lending rates have been on the rise since 2012.
The main reason behind this rise is that public credit is concentrated in zero, manufacturing, real estate, and construction.
China-China has been exposed to problems in the quality of public assets in the run-up to the wave of fragmentation of the SME financial chain, which began in 2011, and to excess capacity and deleveraging, and property policy regulation. Improving the wind control system and optimizing the credit structure has improved overall poor rates since 19th year.
“Incoming a “treatment period” for asset quality, tackling excessive “investment” and excessive pursuit of high-yielding assets.