Chc's steady growth, looking at the recovery of formula particles in the second half of the year, profit of 1,332 million yuan (yoy+52.9 per cent) and net cash flows from operating activities of 1,903 million yuan (yoy +80.62 per cent).
\triangleright billion yuan (yoy+6.82%) and the Māori rate is 55%, a decrease of 5 pct. Of this amount, 5.5 billion yuan (yoy+7.43%) is spent on self-diagnosis camps, 56% on Māori, a decrease of 5 pct, and 2.5 billion yuan on Chinese prescription camps.
Net gold flows of $1.903 billion (yoy+80.62 per cent) performed robustly. The closing of Camp q2 was met by expectations and the profit margins fluctuated slightly. Operating income of 2022q2 was $4,207 million
(yoy+86.07%). The decline in profit ends is mainly due to 1) the q2 Māori rate has fallen in the second half of the year due to the epidemic, and the research assistant Song Lío has entered the flu season, and the formula grain sales are expected to improve.
The \triangleright festival is a season for the sale of products such as the 39 cold spirits, coupled with a gradual easing of the control of the cold drugs at the terminal pharmacy, an increase in the ability of superior channels, and a steady growth in company chc operations in the second half of the year.
In the broader context of the impact of the epidemic, prescription operations faced constraints such as the conversion of formulation granular operations, and the speed of the schematic thrust. Injection operations were subject to the policy of clustering, with a certain decline in the pace of growth, but overall, the China-Yun trinity (000999.sz) incident was evaluated: another signature.
Performance remains robust. Currently, the new country-specific formulations are almost complete, product sales are slightly collaborative, big health poles are entering the care market-20, and companies, as one of the first six pilot firms, have a pre-emptive advantage in the industry.
\triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.