Two-quarter short-term performance pressure, two-wheel-drive firm robust growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Next-quarter revenues remain robust and profit-side short-term pressure
The impact of the epidemic on Māori, double-costing and a significant increase in operating cash The overall Māori ratio of the company was 54.89 per cent, corresponding to 5.38 percentage points; the cost rate for the period was 32.98 per cent, percentage points; and the net operating cash flow was $1.903 billion, corresponding to +80.43 per cent, and remained good.
(c) Prescription drug business: operating through a mature 39-channel customer system; operating income of 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 5.68 per cent over the same period; mainly formulations
The particle operations were affected by the transition of national tenders and the pace of progress of the provincial targets, with a certain decline in the rate of growth, as well as by the corresponding decline in sales of the medium-dose injecting agent operations affected by the epidemic and by the collection policy, which affected the prescription drug industry as a result of the increased cost of formulation particle operations, which increased by 30.64 per cent over the same period the previous year.
1. Hua-Yun San-Yun (000999), with enhanced investment in innovation research and development, was evaluated in the first half of 2022: one quarter of the profits are over-expected, brand value
On 9 September, the company announced the acquisition of 28 per cent of the Quan Pharmacy's major assets reorganization plan and completed the completion of the Quan Pharmacy.
The company reports that it has developed a specific response and that the following six months of the epidemic have been effective.
3. Hua Yuan San (000999) Control and formulation granular operations are well under way, with companies expected to achieve double revenue in 2022 In-depth reporting: multi-dimensional conditions of equity incentives are highlighted
The Division has developed confidence in waiting for the value of the “39” brand to be obtained and the M & As to be advanced as expected; the new varieties to be expanded as expected; and the impact of the epidemic has exceeded expectations.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.