Hua Yuen San-chun (000999.sz) Prescription drug recovery, chc core strength continued
Performance remains robust, as a result of multiple factors. 202H1 achieved a revenue of $8.401 billion (+6.82 per cent), a net profit of $1.433 billion (+4.16 per cent) from the mother, and a net profit of $1,332 million from the non-mortality net profit collection and a shift in the formula particle standard.
Chc has grown well, and the core of the brand has been strengthened.
On the other hand, with its approach to innovative R & D and its “1+n” branding strategy, the company, based on the “999” brand, combines digitally and intelligently with new products of high quality, good physical sense, and consumer demand.
The Chinese medicine formulation standards switch up the speed of prescription operations, which are expected to lead to the resumption of prescription operations. The 2022h1 prescriptions, which together generated 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 5.68%.
At the same time, the formulation particle business is in a new transition period, with higher costs, and the acceptance of customers takes some time, leading to a decline in operations in the first half of the year. Currently, the production of pharmaceutical formulations in the company is progressing well, with the production and sale of new national and provincial specimens expected to continue on the ground in the second half of the year.
“External” strategies continue, and the acquisition of Quan medicine is expected to lead to strong union. Companies adhere to the “continuity” strategy, while maintaining innovative research and development and enhancing their competitiveness, while maintaining a sustained focus on good practices.
The three-quarterly review of China Yuan San-000999-2020: a drop in sales rates, opportunities for cooperation and the integration of quality resources in the q3 industry to enrich product lines and expand the industry chain. In the first half of 2022, companies acquired 28% of the Kun Pharmacy Group shares, and work progressed steadily, with the hope that they would be able to empower each other.
The mid-year review of China Yun’s "39–000999–2019: The brand’s brand’s brand of drugs, with a slight improvement in performance" was created as a drug medal for the country’s best products and promoted the quality development of the Chinese medicine industry chain, which is represented by 37%.
China Yuan San-000999 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: Three Quarters High Cost of Marketing Impact Investment Recommendations: Restoring Prescription Medicines, Cs of Core Strengths, Maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. China Yuan 39-000999-2016 Midpoint Review: q2 Speed, Inner + Extension Guarantee
Cost controls are good, and sales costs have dropped significantly. Companies have a relatively strong cost-control capacity, with sales costs of 2022h1 of 2,153 million yuan, a 7.95% decline in comparison, and sales costs of 25.63%, a decrease of 4.42 pp compared to the same period last year.
The Māori rate has declined as the Chinese medicine formulation standards have been switched to higher costs and the cumulative Chinese injection operations have been affected by an epidemic/assembly. As companies continue to strengthen their industrial chain management and optimize the use of marketing costs, net profit is shown in figure 5: China Yu XXXIII (%)
Figure 6: China's profits (%) of Chc's business growth is good, and the core of the brand is increasing. Chec is a company core business, with $5,535 million in operating income in the first half of 2022, an increase of 7.43%.
On the one hand, the company has a variety of power-market platforms, such as a rich product line and an online market layout, to better reach consumers, enhance brand benefits, and increase efficiency during the epidemic.
On the other hand, based on the innovative R & D approach and the "1+n" branding strategy, the company is constantly launching new products of high quality, experience and consumer demand, based on digitalization and intelligence, based on the "999" brand.
Products such as “good dolls”, “easy fixes” and “Australian” have been well-received. High-quality products present a comprehensive channel layout under the new + line, consolidate brand influence, and ensure company leadership in the Chc field.
On the one hand, the epidemic has made it more difficult to spread academic activity, and sales have slowed down: on the other hand, the formulation particle business is in a new national switch, with higher costs and customers connected.
According to the Nmpa data, the processing of pharmaceutical formulation particles in the company is proceeding well, most provinces, with the exception of very few provinces, have almost completed the transition to the new national tender, and it is expected that, as the production and marketing of new national and provincial labels continue to fall, the production and sale of these particles will gradually return to normal in the second half of the year.
The statistics as of 2022/8/25 continue to advance, and the acquisition of the Quan medicine is expected to lead to strong union. The company insists on “continuing content.”
The strategy, on the one hand, is to maintain innovative research and development to enhance their competitiveness, and on the other hand, to focus on opportunities for industrial cooperation and the integration of high-quality resources to enrich product lines and expand the industry chain. In the first half of 2022, companies acquired 28% of the Quantico Group shares, and the work is steadily moving forward, with strong union, the quality of the Quintazine, which is expected to follow.
Brands can inject new dynamism into the company, while strong branding, channeling and physical capacity
The investment proposal is to restore prescription drugs, sustain the core strengths of the chc, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The results of the strategy are gradually emerging, and the performance is expected to improve steadily.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them