The performance of China's 39-9999 pharmaceutical biology was as expected, and the second half of the year was a promising performance for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2022, and in the first half of 2022 it achieved $8.4 billion in operating income, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return of $1.43 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period; achieved a steady increase in non-netting performance and a slight decline in profitability from external influences.
The business growth rate is faster and the overall performance of the first half of the year has continued to grow. The Māori ratio of 2022H1 has slightly decreased, and companies have now developed specific responses to match net profits, mainly due to improved corporate governance and lower spending on part of sales under the epidemic.
2022q2 achieved operating income of $4.21 billion (+1.1 per cent) and net return earnings of $590 million for the implementation of the new national bid. Chc Healthy Consumers has been flexible in responding to changes in the environment and has grown steadily.
The Consumables plate achieved operating income of $5.54 billion (+7.4%), with a Māori rate of 55.9% (-4 pp) and short-term pressure on the profitability of the four types of medication due to the epidemic, covering nearly 10 groups of products such as cold, skin, gastrointestinal, cough, bone, pediatrics, and dietary nutritional supplements.
Platform roll-out activities that combine platform-end and chain-end efforts to secure supply; under-line innovative projects to increase brand influence and raise the visibility of unsaled products through packaging or online platform marketing, to expand the area of fragmentation leading to rapid growth. Large health operations and rehabilitation slow-disease operations remain stable.
The company’s “9999 Perfect Pharmacy” terminal service has been able to cover more than 6,000 priority chains. With the outbreak being effectively controlled, the chc plate is expected to grow steadily over the second half of the year.
With 2.5 billion yuan (+5.7 per cent), the Māori rate is 57.5 per cent (-8.1 pp), mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on sales and the decline in operations during the first half of the formulation particle operation during the transition period to the new national flag. 1) In the area of digestion: the hepatic slow-disease cycling based on easy recovery products is gradually being built: 2) in the field of paediatrics: based on a global leader.
(c) Osteoporosis: work on the value of schizophrenic products has yielded results: 4) anti-infection areas: continuous upgrading of self-employment, the expansion of the market for non-public hospitals and the acceleration of business transformation, including through the introduction of new products; 5)
The Chinese pharmaceutical formulation operations: active promotion of research on the production of new national standard varieties of Chinese medicine formulations, documentation of sales, steady promotion of the conversion of national standards and local standard products, national and geo-formulation standard particle studies and declarations, promotion of standardization of formulation particle products, expected to follow the new national logos in the second half of the year
The production and marketing of provincial varieties will continue, and business will gradually return to normal. Brand values will continue to be highlighted (2022-04-25).
• Research and development mergers and acquisitions are synchronized and innovation capabilities are further enhanced. Research and development in 2022h1 is investing $230 million, or business 39 (000999); performance growth is as expected, with 2.7 per cent of the company's focused research projects progressing well, and 1 type of innovative drug dzqe is pushing ahead.
Bed preparation: 1 small molecular target to anti-cancer qbh-196l clinical trial in progress: h3k27m value of corporate platform (2022-03-30) 3. Huayun 39 (000999); chc and prescription combination
The company announced a major asset restructuring plan for the acquisition of 28 per cent of Quanty Pharmacy, which, when completed, will lead to a convergence of growth prospects.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
As of 1 July 2017, you will not receive, subscribe to, or use any of the information in this report if you are not a contracted customer of your own company, in order to control investment risk. Nor will your company be considered a customer for receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm ' s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.