In the first half of the year, overall performance remained robust, looking at the performance growth brought about by the semi-annual standard shift and business push.
On 25 August 2022, 100 million yuan (+4.16 per cent); net profit of 1,332 million yuan (+5.29 per cent) from non-repatriation. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 1,903 million yuan, an increase of 80.62 per cent.
In the first half of the year, some industrial policies and changes in the external environment had an impact on the company’s operations, including the conversion of the Chinese prescription granules and the promotion of the provincial targets, the expansion of the mestizos, the recurrence of the epidemic, etc.
The performance of the above-mentioned external environmental impacts has been tempered, but has remained generally robust. Chc ' s health consumer services have responded flexibly to changes in the environment, expanding market boundaries and channels on a continuous basis.
Corporate performance as a whole in the first half of the year was good, mainly as a result of the growth of Chc operations, especially in terms of professional brands and big health. Professional outreach embraced the upward trend and did not use digitally focused precision groups to create digital operating ecosystems with the products of the departments;
With regard to access and terminal construction, there are more than 6,000 high-impact kiosks, the purchase of Quan medicine with a long-term advantaged resource synergy, and the full cooperation of patient service systems with the leading chain and strong synergies. New channels are evident.
In terms of expansion, the company is leading the line of marketing expansion through multiple platforms on-line, leading by Chinese drug otc, hugging trends, changing for new.
Prescription drug operations are highly influenced by policy and are expected to return to normal in the second half of the year. The first half of the year, when the prescription drug business achieved operating income of 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 5.68 per cent over the previous half.
The impact of the transition of the national flag and the speed of the provincial markers, a certain decline in the rate of growth, and the decline in the distribution of the Chinese injection industry, which is affected by the epidemic and by the policies of clustering, have affected the speed of prescription operations. It is anticipated that, with the production and marketing of new national and provincial markers, the formulation of particle operations will continue to fall in the second half of the year.
There will be a gradual return to normality. The anti-infection business, driven by the continuation of the new product, has achieved a revival of the business, based on the company's brand advantage, the expansion of the network of end channels and future Chinese prescription particles.
Risk factors: higher-than-expected risk of capture price reductions, less-than-expected risk of innovation research and development, wind of merger consolidation, risk of upstream price volatility of raw materials