Three heavy jobs, sanyheavyindustry (600031ch), first covered: with both value and growth, with engineering machinery taps back out of the sea, theleaderof constructionmachinerysetssailagain:initiation
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
Growth is both valuable and, in the long run, corporate returns are remarkable. In 2022, the company's business outperforms the big city's net return profit of $4,273 million, an increase of 12.16 times over 2003, with a capr.
htiesg is not a significant core asset.
There is still room for upgrading domestic engineering and machinery, taking into account the overseas market. The transition is influenced by the real weakness of capital investment, and the domestic engineering and machinery industry is entering a period of adjustment.
With the promotion of US$ 147.93mn, reference is made to the Japanese market, the country’s capacity for excavators is expected to continue to increase. The overseas layout is perfect and overseas revenues are expected to continue to grow.
Over $230 billion, the overseas market space is vast. Three-in-one workers are well placed in major markets like India, India, the United States, and Europe, with nearly 200 sales worldwide.
Branch companies, more than 2,000 service centres, and nearly 10,000 technical service engineers. In 2022, three major workers collected $36,571 million abroad, and in 2016-2022, 25.67% of cagr. The company’s overseas layout is well developed, and revenue is expected to enter a period of rapid growth.
Digital intelligence continues to advance, with significant efficiency gains. Digitalization, intelligence development, is beneficial to productivity improvements, and is becoming a trend. At the same time, engineering and mechanical engineering are more difficult to perform, with artificial intelligence and robotic technology, so that engineering and mechanical enterprises can be all-embracing.
In addition, digitization and intelligence can help enterprises to reduce personnel, production, logistics costs, improve productivity and smooth the industry cycle.
The three-generation R & D policy of reserve generation, R & D generation has advanced intelligence, electricization, and positive results across the board. Profit predictions: we believe that companies are well-placed abroad, gradually entering the harvest period, and
Outside, after a new round of prices, the industry may once again hit the bottom line, and the upwards of the company’s market share may moderate the impact of short-cycle fluctuations. As the domestic industry returns and demand from overseas markets expands, the company’s performance is expected to continue to recover.
We've chosen Xu Engineering Machines, Central U.S. Majors, Willows, and Helium Hydraulic Hydraulics as comparable companies, with an average of 2.00 times the company's 2023 pb average. For comparable companies, we've valued the company 2.5 times pb in 2023.
Risks, price volatility of raw materials, digitalization of electric power have not grown as fast as expected