2022: Globalization strategy is on track, see Wettinger, Research Assistant, 0204 2023
Keywords: #performance meets expectations #export orientation event: companies disclose annual reports for 2022. Performance is close to the medium of the forecast and meets market expectations.
Highlights: (1) Digger machinery achieved revenue of $35.8 billion, a 14 per cent drop in the same year, of which domestic revenue of $17.7 billion, a 43 per cent decline in the same year, close to the 44 per cent decline in the industry, overseas income of $18.1 billion, a 69 per cent increase in the same year, significantly higher than the 60 per cent increase in the industry. (2) concrete machinery achieved revenue of $15.1 billion, a 43 per cent decline in the same year, with domestic revenue of $7.5 billion, a 61 per cent decline in the same year, and overseas income.
Seven and a half billion yuan, a 6% rise in the same year, is better than the industry. (3) The cranes have generated 12.7 billion yuan, of which $7.6 billion are in the country, and the 2023 globalization strategy is on its way to realization, keeping the profits and the value of double-high concrete exports first. According to our calculations, the overseas engineering and machinery market space was about 500 billion yuan in 2022.
The division’s share is only about 7%, and the potential for long-term growth is significant for internationalization. We believe that the company’s export plate is a growth block, a weak cycle, and a firm’s performance is expected to kick-start, looking at corporate profits and valuations.
The Māori ratio is 26.4% by comparison with +2.2pt, the Māori rate abroad is higher than about 5 pct in the country, and the company maintains a high level of net interest rates if the impact of the overseas subsidiary Pumay is deducted, leading to a sharp decline in net interest rates. On a single note, the Māori ratio of the company has recovered significantly, with the O4 rate rising to 27.3%, and the same/ring ratio rising by 8.4/3.7 pct.
Triple One Work (600031): Quarterly Review 2022: q3 performed as expected, fully engineered to buy back shares for the employee holding scheme, to show confidence in development
On March 31, the company issued an announcement that it intended to buy back its shares at a price not exceeding $18 per share, using its own funds, by means of a centralized competitive transaction. Repurchase funds totalled not less than $500 million and not more than $800 million. Repurchase of shares was implemented within 45 days of March 30. This buy-back was used for the employee holding scheme, helping to improve incentives and increase company confidence.
Three q1 Workmen (600031): q2 Performance Merit 1. Performance meets expectations, q4 Overseas Income Growth Re-elevates Performance meets expectations, single q4 Income improves by the same ring.
Overseas markets continue to grow at a high rate. Single-q4 companies collect $21.7 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent and a rise of 13.4 per cent. At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of $4.3 billion in 2022, a decline of 64 per cent in the same year, with net profit falling by more than income, mainly because of the same decline in the size of the company’s income, but at a relatively rigid cost.
Overseas markets continue to thrive, and Europe and the United States are growing faster. In 2022, companies collected $41.5 billion in domestic revenues, down 47% from the same year. Overseas revenues increased by $36.6 billion, 47% from the same year, and accelerated by 3 pct from the previous three quarters. Asia and Australia remains the first largest exit market, with revenues growing by 41% from the same year, accounting for 41% of total exports. Europe, America and the United States grew faster, Europe/North America/South Africa in 2022.
The company’s internationalization strategy, one of the first to build the best mainframes in overseas deployments, is on its way to realization, with an increase in its share driven by income growth. The diggers have been able to grow more rapidly, both domestically and internationally, than the industry.
It is growing, and the diggers are showing the brightest performance: (1) Excavators earn $35.8 billion, down 14 per cent from the same year, with domestic revenues of $17.7 billion, down 43 per cent from the same year, close to the 44 per cent decline in industry, overseas revenues of $18.1 billion, up from $7.5 billion from the same year, down 61 per cent from the same year, overseas revenues of $7.5 billion, up 6 per cent from the same year, and perform better than industry.
(3) The crane has achieved revenue of $12.7 billion, of which $7.6 billion in the country, a 57 per cent decline in the same year, $5.1 billion in overseas earnings, and a steady increase in the Māori rate for overseas operations, which for the first time exceeded the domestic rate in 2022. Benefited from increased sales abroad, improved product structure, steady increases in interest rates for corporate main offshore businesses, and Māori rates have risen from 24.42 per cent in the first half of the year to the second half of the year.
The return in Māori rate of 2.o4 is clear, and the profit rate is expected to continue to repair The scale effect is reduced, the cost remains rigid, and the net interest rate drops more than the Māori rate. In 2022, the company sold Māori inputs and the channel build-up strength remained high, leading to a larger decline in net interest rates.
Again, the q4 Māori ratio has recovered to 27.3%, and the same/ring ratio has increased by 8.4/3.7 ptt. We judge that the price of steel and shipping costs have been falling steadily since q3 in 122, and the ratio of excavators to overseas income has increased and the scale effect has been released.
Steel accounts for about 17% of equipment costs, which significantly affects the Māori rate. Digger production costs consist mainly of hydraulics, chassis, steel and motors, where the price of steel varies considerably and accounts for 17% of the cost of production, which is a key factor affecting the volatility of the cost of excavators.
This indicates a largely reverse shift in corporate profitability and steel prices. Based on the forecast of low steel prices in 2023, pressure on dredgers will be reduced, the Māori ratio will rise significantly, and the net profit growth is expected to be higher than the recovery, with the cost largely unchanged.
Figure 11: Reverse fluctuations in the Māori sales rate and steel prices of head enterprises Figure 12: Reverse fluctuations in the net home-to-head interest rate and steel prices
The price of iron ore in our country has risen sharply. Imports have been the main source of the iron ore, the pace of recovery from domestic and foreign operations has been uneven, global traffic has continued to be blocked, and domestic steel supply has been strained, with steel prices rising by 60% in 2021. Steel prices continued to be high in the first half of 2022, under the influence of the Russian-Turkish war. In the third quarter of 2022, domestic demand declined and steel prices gradually increased.
Looking forward to 2023, both domestic and foreign economic growth pressures are high, and large commodity prices, such as steel, are expected to be dominated by vulnerable shocks. Given the historical high of domestic steel stocks, the pressure on lower prices will ease the cost side of downstream industries.
We measure the fall in steel costs in 2023 to raise the company's Māori ratio by about 3 pct. We measure the price of steel, which is 20% at cost, i.e. 15.20% at Trinity, and if the price of steel is the same as the price of steel, the firm's net present ratio remains close to 1 level, with a steady pace of operation in the accounts receivable, 2022.
The annual turnover of corporate accounts receivable was 3.58 times, a 1.57 drop in the same year, mainly due to the low industry climate, the downside of the business quality of the households, and the decline in the ability to pay back.
The overseas engineering and machinery market is about 500 billion and the country’s share of the product plate is only one digit. In 2022, the overseas engineering and machinery market space was about 500 billion yuan, with Caterpillar accounting for 69 per cent of the market share, while Trio/Su's share in the overseas engineering and machinery market was only 7.5 per cent per cent per cent per cent per unit.
The model is about $190 billion, and the 3-team/swig market share is 7/4% respectively. The potential for long-term growth in the globalization of engineering machinery is significant in the context of economic development and urbanization in emerging countries, and the rise in the overall share of overseas.
The estimated sales of 25,000 excavators in March 2023 fell by 33 per cent in the same year, with 15,000 domestic sales falling in the same year, and the impact of the fall in internal sales in engineering machinery in March was still significant. On the export side, the main lead story was better than the Association’s forecast, and exports maintained their high growth rate throughout the year. As the base of industry sales began to drop in April, we expected 2023.
We are optimistic about the rise in the foreign share of the vanguard, with the global manufacturing advantage of engineering and machinery, before the year’s growth rate. 4. The proposed repurchase of shares for the employee holding scheme, which demonstrates confidence in development, and the proposed repurchase of shares for the employee holding scheme, which is expected to arrive soon, was announced on March 31.
It is proposed to repurchase the company’s shares at a price of up to $18 per share, using its own funds. Repurchases amount to not less than $500 million and not more than $800 million. Repurchases take place within 45 days of March 30th.
The repurchase plan is expected to be fast-tracked with near-current stock prices and short buy-back implementation periods. Because of the close relationship between the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry and macroeconomics, it is more affected by downstream real estate, infrastructure work, there is a degree of uncertainty, and due to cautious considerations, we have adjusted the company ' s return to the year 2023-2024.
Geopolitical conflicts, increased industrial competition, less than expected infrastructure, and fluctuations in raw material prices, among other things.