At the industry level, joint ventures have been relatively slow in the wave of new energy transformations in the industry, which has led to a decline in the share/profit capacity of the company.
Quicker. At the corporate level: $1.05 billion in net profit earned by the last three quarters of 2024 on the back of the car group, down 89% from the same period. In terms of volume of sales, the public & general sales fell on average in 2024, as if the general 24h1 car was already negative and the net profit on the car was 0.170,000.
Dollar: Mitsubishi ' s profits are volatile but still positive as a whole: Upward autonomy (not including export revenue-earning outlook: change in management, multiple changes are moving forward. 1) Change I: intensive change in management, reform programme accelerating progress. In the second half of 2024, the company completed the process of moving from group to major affiliates.
Change in management of the joint venture. It involves adjusting up to a dozen top positions. At the same time, Shanghai City firmly supports the transition and creates a strong synergy in support of the transition and ensures the successful implementation of the reform tasks.) Change two: the joint venture blocks drive asset consolidation and reverse convergence.
In the context of low capacity utilization, the joint venture plant will be modified/impaired. At the same time, the joint venture will shift from the traditional joint venture model of “decision making, research and development outside, production and marketing in China” to a reverse-oriented approach, working with the company to develop new energy models and explore new avenues for joint ventures.
In 2024, the centralization of stocks was highly effective, and it was expected to be light-loaded. 3) Change three: Autonomous brand integration & technology continuity. In May 2024, the "Seven Technology Bases" of the Volkswagen have been fully upgraded to 2.0, and the seven Technology Bases of the next two years will be comprehensive. 2.0.
It's a brand that's going to be branded under the Stewardship Group, with nearly 30 new models. It's going to be branded back and forth, and it's going to be a high-end sequence development for the Stewardship Glory. It's going to be smart enough to expand the path of extension technology. It's going to be possible to keep the branding up in the context of product matrix expansion & brand integration.
Performance below expectations, waiting for joint ventures Net profit is expected to reach $8.4 billion (formerly $10 billion), based on a prognosis for the gradual improvement of corporate ownership.
The company should be expected to enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Period: the risk of geopolitical uncertainty increases: external cooperation progresses below expectations, etc.
1.1. At the sectoral level: A rise in the penetration rate of autonomous companies and a significant decline in the share of the market in the country’s enterprises, which has seen a significant decline in the share of the market in the new energy transition. In October of 2024, China’s total sales of 1.246 million vehicles, or 59 per cent of the city’s share, fell by about 27 pct compared to the peak of 86 per cent.
In 2023, the company’s share was only 29%. In the wake of a new wave of innovation in the electric sector, the company’s share in the market was higher than in the oil-car era, where joint brands were slower in the wave of new energy transformations in the industry, with the company’s share/profit potential falling faster.
Figure 3: Investment of the joint venture and joint venture by the agricultural company 2011-2024q3
In terms of profitability, joint-venture brand bicycles have declined more profitably. As competition in the market has increased, sales have fallen/end-of-pipes have cost joint-venture earnings more.
1.2. Corporate level: The decline in joint ventures is evident, with better export performances continuing to decline after 2019. 1) Up-to-date: three-cylinders were released in 2017, consumer acceptance was low, up-to-date, Gagr sales were 9.8 per cent in 2017-2020.
The impact of the impact of the collision test at the end of 2019, with the upward mass selling in 2019-2021 in gagr - 21.2 per cent, and the weight of the Secoda sales is clear: 278,000 in 2019 and only 13,000 in October 2024. The upper mass of the id series performed well.
More than -25.9 per cent, mainly because of the same drop in exports. 4) Upward V.M.: due to the contraction of the a0 level electric car market, the sharp drop in the sales of macromini in 2023, car models such as Mitsubishi/Star/Girl of Bounty Clouds/Merry also performed better. 2024, due to the weight of oil trucking (V.M.H./H.E.S., etc.), cumulative sales in the first November of Mitsubishi as a whole were the same.
During the last three quarters of 2024, the net profit from the interest group's withholding was $1.05 billion to the parent, a decline of 89% from the same period. The main branding profitability of the Division was split separately: the generic 24h1 bicycle profit was negative based on the net profit of the manufacturing company, with a net profit of $0.17 million on board; Mitsubishi's profits fluctuated significantly but remained positive as a whole; and the upper propriety (no)
Export performance is good, and the whole chain is fully configured. The upper gas group ranked first in China ' s vehicle exports in 2016-2023, of which mg is the main exporter.
The automobile industry, including the base, marketing centre, supply chain centre and finance company, has entered over 100 countries and territories; has three major innovation R & D centres, three whole-car manufacturing bases and one kd factory abroad, over 100 parts production R & D bases and over 2,800 marketing service outlets: and established its first overseas in Indonesia.
Financial services companies, which provide a comprehensive range of financial loans and insurance services to local distributors and end consumers. They also operate seven autonomous international routes from home to South-East Asia, Mexico, South American West, and Europe. They have nine offshore ocean transport vessels, and more than 10 fully new ocean transport vessels will be operational in the future.
Figure 14: Upper Steam Group Overseas Sales (millions) Figure 16: Upper Steam Overseas Base 2. Outlook: Management Change, Multi-Step Change Ongoing
2.1. Change I: Management change, change programme acceleration 2.1.1. Intensive change of management of the upper steam group. During the second half of 2024, the company largely completed the management change of the group to the main subsidiary & conglomerate.
On July 10, the former chairman of the group announced the retirement of Mr. Chen Yong, former president of the group, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiu, as head of the department, and the former chief executive of the public sector, Mr. Jja Jianxu, as president of the group. The new management of the group completed a partial change of command for the branch, involving the restructuring of up to a dozen top executives.
On the afternoon of 11 November 2024, the Secretary of the Shanghai City Council, Chen Ji Ning, the Deputy Secretary of the Shanghai City Council and Mayor Gong are on their way to carry out research on the topic and to hold a seminar to deepen research and promote the process.
Chen Qingning pointed out the need to stay focused on major industries, self-revolution, and focus on domestic markets and the development of new energy vehicles to drive systemic change. In keeping with the trend of high-end, intelligent, greening of the automobile industry, correcting the relationships between the various business sectors in order to push ahead with reform initiatives in the areas of management, marketing, organizational structure, business culture and so on.
New, to accelerate the development of a concrete and actionable reform programme, and to improve its implementation.
From the top to the bottom, the NCC has repeatedly expressed the urgency/important importance of the transformation of the company: 1) Increased emphasis on market value management in the country: on 24 January 2024, the relevant head of the State Commission of the State Council indicated that he would further study the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of the head of the central enterprise and direct the head of the central enterprise to pay more attention to the market chart of the company holding the stock.
Presently, the timely transmission of confidence and stability through the application of market-based growth, buy-backs and so forth, and the increase in cash dividends and better returns to investors. 2) Conducting a separate examination of the new energy automobile business: In an interview on March 5, 2024, the Director of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, Zhang Yuzhao, mentioned that the main objective of state finance regulation is to stimulate bold innovation and to break some of the shadows.
3) More demanding of the new energy transformation: On March 15, 2024, the leadership of the State Council indicated that, overall, the central enterprise development of new energy vehicles was not fast enough and effective enough, and that there was an urgent need to accelerate the process of product competitiveness, market ownership, forward-looking, leading technological innovation.
2.2. Change II: Joint venture block asset collating & reverse co-operation 2.2.1. Joint venture block asset collating: remodeling & impairment synergizing; remodeling/deficitting of joint venture plants in a context of low capacity utilization.
The declining capacity utilization rate continued to decline, with a cumulative capacity utilization rate of 49/19 per cent for the period up to November 2024. 1) Energy capacity was upgraded to a new energy plant: on 24 May 2024, the original site of the auto 2 plant was upgraded and the production base of the adp smart digital platform, developed jointly by the Audi car and the upper steam group, was fully upgraded and will subsequently become the new generation of luxury smart electric movable property in Audi.
2) General Production Capacity closes impairment & Reduces the non-profit model: 4 December 2024, with an announcement that it is expected to confirm an additional interest loss of approximately $2.7 billion due to the implementation of the General Gas Reorganization Plan in the three months ending 31 December 2024, including the non-profit losses identified by the joint venture in relation to plant closure and cutbacks
2.2.2. Deepening joint venture cooperation to spill the pre-emptive advantage of electric intelligence transformation to the joint venture
The joint venture changed the traditional joint venture model of “decision-making, research and development outside, production and marketing in China”, the reverse orientation, the development of new energy models and the exploration of new avenues for joint ventures with the Chinese side. (1) Extended cooperation to reduce fuel-car capacity: on 26 November 2024, the upper gas group and the Volkswagen group were present in China.
Shanghai signed an extension of the joint venture agreement to extend the joint venture period to 2040. The two sides will work together to create products for a better-informed Chinese market, integrate their respective comparative resources, and support the development of new models based on the Chinese market, including pure electricity, plugs, and electric commingling. By 2030, the public will have launched 18 new models, of which 15 will be earmarked.
Development for China’s market. In addition, fuel production will be reduced gradually, and the transition to new energy vehicles will be increased. 2) Cooperation will be initiated to launch vehicles: in 2023, a memorandum of understanding will be signed with Audi to jointly develop a new and comprehensive smart motor vehicle model for the Chinese market; in November 2024, gas will be launched.
The Audi "purple" series’s first model, audi, is scheduled to be officially marketed in 2025. The Audi concept vehicle is based on a new platform developed jointly by Audi and the upper steam - smart digital platform (advanceddigitizedplatform) by 2.2.3.
Upstream mass/uploads for 2024. By October 2024, the effect of going to the vault was remarkable, with large crowds/general channels going to 616/215,000 each, significantly reducing the end pressure and providing up-to-date access to the 2025 joint venture savings. Figure 22: Upstream mass/general channel monthly inventory (car)
2.3. Change III: Autonomous brand integration & technology continuity continues to upgrade the technology base 2.3.1. The seven technological bases continue to upgrade and enable the development of the whole vehicle.
Over the next two years, the seven technology substations will be upgraded to 2.0 and will be fully equipped with a brand of nearly 30 brands of new vehicles to speed up the full evolution of the "Technology Life" system. In 2025, solution 3.0 of the "Central Calculus + Area Control" smart car will be fully landed, bringing together the four areas of "Clock, Driving, Calculating, United".
Support for L3 level production autopilot; full-state solid batteries with energy density above 400wh/kg will achieve mass production in 2026. In 2025, the "Centrally Calculating + Area Control" smart car full-scale solution 3.0 was fully landed, bringing together four areas: "Clock, Driving, Calculating, United" and supporting L3 level production autopilots
The technological base of the entire vehicle consists mainly of a purely electrical serialization platform for the Upper Stellar Nebula, an integrated motor structure for the Upper Everest, and an integrated helium structure for the Upper Star River. 1) Nebula platforms: a purely electric platform developed autonomously by the Upstellar Group, covering multi-level/multi-priced vehicle models, supporting the three concepts of gradient, expansion, and replicable upgrading.
e1 platform is a platform at the highest end of the nebula architecture, with front fork arms plus rear poles, air-compatible springs and back wheels, representing car type as intellectual brand: e2 platform with a former McFerson+ back line, maximum compatible cdc electromagnetic resonance, non-support of airborne suspension, etc., representing van 7 and new vehicles about to be marketed
Pre-Mafson + post-twig beams. Positioning in the door-to-door vehicle type. 2) Everest structure: upper-voltage group "engine + power" structure, with oil blended to full-scale hybrid product coverage. Everest structure, full-size bandwidth of 500 mm axis bandwidth, 150 mm wheel bandwidth, 350 mm high-bandwidth vehicle, full-scale coverage from compact to medium-high-end vehicle type, from limo, suv to medium-high-end
Full package coverage for mpv. Fig. 23: Up-bond entire vehicle technology base, four key system technology bases, mainly blue core power matrix systems, platformed Cube battery systems, green core power.
Driving system, Galaxy-wide smart car solution. 1) Full solid-state battery: a polymer-inorganic compound electrolytic technology route that will achieve mass production in 2026. Energy density is higher, energy density is more than 400wh/kg, volume energy is greater than 820wh/l, battery capacity is greater than 75ah; safety is better, in needle stings and 200°C heat.
In the case of boxes, it can ensure that the core does not explode; in a broader scope, the low-temperature capacity of solid batteries is more than 90 per cent high; and material costs are lower, based on the simplification and innovation of materials and processes, from the end of the core to the end of the pack, where the unit is reduced by up to 40 per cent. 2) Blue core blending power is always: dmh (dualmodehybrid) supermixing system.
At the core of the software algorithm is a mix solution that matches specialized hardware such as blended high-efficiency engines, gear boxes, long-cycle batteries. There are three technical features: modularization, integration, and exclusivity. In the volume model, the system was mounted by the E.J.D.D.D.D., with a 46% jump in the heat efficiency of the blended exclusive engine, and the largest continuous flight of 1962 km was measured.
(c) 100 km of oil at a mileage of 2.8l. 3) Green core power-driven totals: npc axis after rotation, using a unique grid-based cooling technique, and lightly quantified design using magnesium aluminum shells, with a total mass of 86 kg, the highest level in the same power zone; power power density exceeding 9.5kw/kg, higher than the country ' s planning target of 2035 at 7kw/kg;
The overall success rate has increased to 4.4 kw/kg, leading the industry to an average of at least 40%. 4) Galaxy intelligent solutions: autopilot solutions. The Galaxy basin in 2024, 3.0 is in stages of “getting into the car” and will be fully down in 2025. 2.3.2. Flying back to glory and intellectually expanding energy types.
The year was officially independent, focusing on the middle-to-high-end market between $200,000 and $300,000. On October 28, 2024, the car was launched, and the poster "Emergency, Dreams, Promises" was released, the car was returned to the upper end of the bus camp, the marketing/research and development/services were integrated, and the future was to be positioned as a high-end series of glory brands.
Flying van will no longer be confined to purely electric technology routes, but will be introduced in the future, but will not cover pure fuel. As of November 2024, there are 35 Rong Waimen and 12 Flying Van Men's.
♪ Take the car and ride the wind ♪ ♪ Dream on the merge, promise to multiply ♪