On December 16, 2024, the new management came to power to change the three pillars of management.
Major restructuring: 1) Strengthening State Enterprise Reforms: Chen Gilning, Secretary of the Shanghai City Council, Deputy Secretary of the City Council and Mayor Gong, in their thematic research, stated that companies need to take firm control of the main battlegrounds and main offensive directions, focusing on the domestic market and the development of new energy vehicles for systemic change; 2) Management change: July, Corporate Board
Mr. Wang Xiaoqiu, former Managing Director, was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of the eighth session of the Corporation, and appointed Mr. J. J. J. Kensuk, former Vice-President of the Corporation, as President of the Company.
Experience, with rejuvenation; 3) Focus on Resource Integration and Synergy: When the new president takes office, emphasis is placed on resource integration, strengthening synergies, and strengthening transformational thinking like marketing. We believe that with the support of Shanghai’s municipal governments and the strong efforts of the new management, companies are expected to accelerate the pace of change, accelerate the transformation of their smart power, and reverse their dilemmas.
Joint venture brands: Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen: Reclaimed Confidence. 2024m1-11, Volkswagen Volkswagen Wholesale, 1.18 million vehicles, equal to 5.1%; Volkswagen Volkswagen Wholesale, 371,000 vehicles, equal to 58.6%; Profiting side, 2024h1, Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen Motors, 0.17 million yuan, $1.01 million loss, etc.
Go to the reservoir, increase competition, impact sales, and drop profits in general. Up to the general public, up to the general active adjustment strategy: Ma Skyling 1. Up to the general public: fuel-driven cars, steady trains, up to Odyssey.
In 2026, two pure electric vehicles will be launched, based on a cmp platform with ece electrical structures, and Audi will actively cooperate with Audi to upgrade its intellectual capabilities.
The upper steam group (600104.sh) series reviews 9:24q source transformation; 2) upper gas: tree confidence, survival and development.
Key models, such as ct5, will also increase the pace of hybrid vehicle roll-out and accelerate the transformation of new energy sources. 2. Upper Gas Group (600104.sh) series XVIII: Joint ventures, Autonomous brands: Focus on Resource Integration and Immobilization. 2024m1-11, under mg export sales.
The impact of smoothing, declining fuel cars, and the combined sales of the auto autonomous vehicles, 1.95 million vehicles, or 25.1% of the total, are also considered in the upper gas group (600104.sh) series VII. The company will focus on brand integration, R & D concentration, efficiency, and efficiency in the future.
The gas will be based on three new technological bases: "A new generation of dmh binoculars, a new generation of Cube Battery systems, a new generation of pure electrostatic systems for the nebula" with full power in pure electricity and mixing, and an upper gas conglomerates (600104.sh) series of six comments: New energy.
Rongwei focuses on domestic markets and mixing; intellectually and intellectually accelerates the launch of an incremental vehicle to hit high-end markets; and mg focuses on seaboarding, increasing the layout of overseas production and further progress towards globalization.
\triangleright EU tariffs may have an impact on export sales volume and profits.1 New management has been active in changing three blocks of management turnover
1.1 The change in management of the new management, as a result of the change in management of the new core management, is expected to accelerate the pace of reform of the Shanghai Enterprise Reform Corporation, with a strong focus on the main industry and the promotion of innovation in a number of areas.
Jinning, the Deputy Secretary of the City Council and Mayor Gong are taking further steps to reform and upgrade the state, conducting research on the subject, holding seminars to deepen research and promote firm transformation. According to Chen, the auto industry is currently undergoing a period of profound change, and the company, as the product of the country’s reforms and the head of the auto industry, must remain firmly in place.
Taking the lead on the battlefield and the main offensive, focusing on the domestic market and the development of new energy vehicles, promoting systemic reforms; responding to high-end, intelligent, greening trends, dealing with business plates, and promoting innovation in many areas. At the same time, it is important that all relevant sectors of the city work together and work together to further develop a strong force in support of robust transformational development.
The company’s sales and performance since 2024 are under pressure, and there is an urgent need for comprehensive reform and innovation to activate. With the support of the Shanghai municipality, it is expected that the company will accelerate the pace of reform and move forward with group restructuring, business re-engineering, and dominance.
Figure 1: Corporate wholesale sales and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %) Figure 2: Corporate gross operating income and the same rate of increase (billion yuan; %)
▪ Upwind group sales (vehicles; lhs) Figure 4: Corporate investment returns on joint ventures (billions; %) 1.1.2 New management tends to rejuvenate into a “technology plus marketing” complementary mix
On July 10, the company announced that its former chairman, Mr. Chen Yong, had resigned from his post because of his age. The board elected Mr. Wang Xiaoqiu, former Managing Director, as Chairman of the company’s eighth board of directors, and appointed Mr. Jaya, former Vice-President of the company.
Mr. Kensuk is the president of the company. After 75, Mr. Jajianxu was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the Volkswagen Group at the end of 2023.
In December 2023, he was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the Autobot Group, with two executives: the Smart Automotive Co-Cao Chiang and the Automobile Branch.
The rejuvenation of the management reflects the firm’s determination to further accelerate innovation in the new track, and to move the three-year action plan for new energy sources forward. Since the new management came into office, positive change has taken place, with the general public, the upper gas utility, and the top three important panel tubes for the upper car.
1. On August 9, UGC announced that Lu Xiao, Executive Deputy General Manager of the former Pan-Asian Automobile Technology Centre, would replace Hyeong-soo as General Manager of UGC.
As the company's most serious downside, the first and second-in-one replacement clearly reflects the new chairman, Wang Xiaoqiu, who is eager to reverse the traffic.
RYU, Deputy Secretary-General of the Party Committee, Executive Director of Sales and Markets of the Limited, served as Deputy Director-General of the Air Transport Branch of the Company, and the Director-General of the Power-Driving Platform of the Ministry of Planning and Project Management of the former Air Service of the Company, wished Yong to serve as Deputy General Manager of the Vehicle Branch.
3) The upper public: Tau Hailong, General Manager of the upper gas public, is also Secretary of the upper gas mass party committee; the former executive director of the marketing industry, Fu Jiang, replaces Yu Ying-min as Deputy General Manager of the upper gas mass sales and markets, and the General Manager of the upper maritime motor vehicle sales company, Inc.
On the whole, the new management of the three major sections is rejuvenating, with a front-line business experience in technology, marketing, supply chains, seaboarding, etc., and a change in management will help companies accelerate the development of autonomous brands and facilitate the transformation of joint venture brands into new energy directions.
1.2 Transformative thinking: Focusing on resource integration for enhanced marketing transformation, the new president spoke on transforming ideas: resource integration, enhanced synergy, enhanced marketing. In October 2024, the company held a mid-2024 meeting of cadres, at which the new president, Jajianxu, stated that he was moving from the fuel truck.
Under the pressure of the new energy transformation, companies are expected to achieve zero-sum synergies, with emphasis on business synergies and cost-sharing in the various segments of the company. 1) Autonomy is seen as the main direction of action, with major autonomy in the use of vehicles, Steam International, R & D General House, Steam Zero Bumps and whole-of-car enterprises;
2) emphasis on resource integration, platform reduction, maximizing cost-sharing among users; 3) emphasis on marketing: all hosting plant general managers, deputy general directors, sales general managers need to build up the pip, reduce clientization, improve conversion rates, and target the entire fleet of cars under the company's flag, the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air Mitsubishi, the upper-air car.
The up-and-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up.
Sales: The upper gas population is relatively strong, and the upper gas generalization drops are evident. The company has a large share of sales and profits from the higher risk sales of 947,000 vehicles, i.e. +0.8 per cent of the year, and Maiten, i.e. staying strong, albeit under pressure, but relatively strong overall. 2024m1-11, the upper gas general wholesale sales of 371,000 vehicles, i.e. 58.6 per cent of the year, 2024m1-10.
Up-risk sales of 437,000 vehicles, corresponding to 38.1 per cent of the year, resulted in a drop in wholesales from the terminal to the reservoir that were greater than the risk, and overall pressure figure 5: Up-voltaic mass wholesale sales and up-to-date increases (vehicles; per cent) Figure 6: Up-voltaic general wholesale sales and up-to-date increases (vehicles; per cent)
Profit: The upper mass is more resilient, the upper mass is more common, the higher the profit is lower. Since 2023, as a result of increased competition in the industry, the upper the upper the upper the upper ther the higher the higher, the lower the overall profit, 2024h1, the upper the upper ther the bus, the higher the profit of 0.170,000, the same +0.06 million, the ring - 0.2 million, and the better the better, mainly thanks to Audia 7l.
The growth in sales, and the impact of a decline in the ring comparison and increased competition on the improvement of the main sales volume. 2024h1, general purpose vehicle losses of $10.1 million, mainly due to a significant decline in wholesale sales and increased competition in the industry. 2.2 Integration measures: a common priority tree for strengthening localization of the population and the transformation of new energy sources.
On November 27, the company and the public group announced a joint venture agreement with the public.
The funds are designed to be developed for the Chinese market, including pure electricity, plugs, and boosts, of which two will be released in 2026, based on a cmp platform with a ccea electrical and electronic structure. Cao Bereed, a popular Chinese ceo site, said that the mass motors group would inject more research and development resources into the emerging technology sector.
At present, the id. family has formed a product matrix comprising id.4x, id.3 and id.6x, covering different segments of the market from compact to medium-sized subv. The next 2026 launch of the new model is expected to enrich the product lines of the steaming public.
On the Audi side, Audi, in collaboration with the upper steam, has launched a brand-new Audi, the logo of which has been changed from the original four circles to audi, and Audi, which is the symbol of deep collaboration with the company, has been fully aligned with the new forces.
At the same time, the design and intellectualization of New Audi 5l, which will carry China as a high-level driving support system, with laser radars and high-speed and urban-high-level assistive driving capabilities, will also mark the Audi’s determination to move deep into the Chinese market.
To the market, the public's presence in the luxury electric car area is being consolidated.
Figure 9: Sales of new energy vehicles for the upper gas public (car) Figure 10: Sales of new energy vehicles for the upper gas public - Audi (car)
Seriously, when the company's leadership has changed, the general market performance has risen from 2024q3 to 2024q3. In follow, the upper wind will focus more on the car, on confidence, on survival, and on branding, mainly by Bekke and Cadillac, gradually reducing the Chevrolet low-end model, with greater emphasis on the Bekgli8, Ankoway, Junta, ct5.
On the new energy transition, on April 24, 2024, GVA Buick launched a long-duration plug-in mpv, a new Gl8, a new car with a new generation of phev brain-plug-in system with 1,370 km combined re-routing miles beyond the same level, for a sale price of $359.99 to $41.99 million.
After that, the heat will be sold, and in 2025 the company will increase the pace of hybrid vehicle roll-out and accelerate the transformation of new energy sources.
3 Autonomous brands: Focus on Resource Integration Immobilization: Current Status 3.1: Autonomous sales cover low profit margins. The company ' s entire car ownership section consists mainly of on-board vehicles (including brands such as valor, mg, flying vans, etc.) and
Upward V.M.S., which maintains an overall upward route for the sale of motor vehicles from 2018 to 2023, thanks to an upturn in the sale of vehicles such as rx5 and mg, in 2023, the entire autonomous brand sold 2.654 million vehicles. 2024m1-11, influenced by the decline in the export sales of mg, the fall in the fuel truck of the vortex, and the rise in the auto ownership brand, etc.
Total sales of 1.958 million vehicles, corresponding to 25.1 per cent of the total, are classified by brands: 1) automobiles: including the Queensmg brand, which is primarily directed to the domestic market, and then merged, which is incorporated into the Queens, and mg, which is mainly oriented towards the export market (more than 70 per cent of exports); 2024m1-11
6.30 million vehicles sold, corresponding to 25.9 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of the fall in the export of mg and the fall in the domestic fuel tankers 2)
Figure 14: Up-air vehicle sales and equal-speed increases (vehicles; %) Figure 16: Up-air large-volume sales and same-speed increases (vehicles; %) Figure 15: Up-air-general Mitsubishi sales and same-time increases (vehicles; %)
Autonomous new energy brands are sold upwards, with Mitsubishi, mg, and Wisdom targeting fine cars, seaboarding, and high-end markets respectively. With regard to new energy, in 2023, companies sold 809,000, or 6.9 per cent, of the total amount of new autonomous energy sources; and, in 2024m1-10, 654,000, or +23.7 per cent, of the total volume of new autonomous energy sources, of which the upper gas is the equivalent of five.
The domestic market is more competitive, and self-profits are relatively weak. On the profit side, companies disclose only wind-to-gas profits, without separately disclosing profits from the car-to-car branch and from the wind-to-air company, and we use the net profit of the return less the net profit.
The return on investment and the profit contribution of the respective shareholdings of cars in China are broadly regarded as net profits on autonomous brands. Autonomous losses of $48.8 billion, $4.82 billion for 2023, 2024q1-3, influenced by intense domestic competition, total autonomous profits are viewed slightly as net profits on autonomous brands, autonomous net profits/(uploaded in passenger cars + general Mitsubishi + uplift)
The net profit that is slightly seen as an autonomous brand is sold, calculated as a single-car net profit. 3.2 Integration: Focus platform leverages the platform.
In the case of autonomous brands, follow-up companies focus on resource integration and focus, and back-office research and development is more focused, focused and efficient. In the case of brands, in November 2024, the company announced the merger of flying vans and valor, which will require re-programming and coordination of the company's product lines.
In order to ensure that products are differentiated and complementary, in the future Flying Marks will assume a role and responsibility in a high-end series of brands of glory. On the technical side, the follow-up company will rely on “the new generation of dmh binocular technologies, the new generation of Cube Battery systems, the new generation of Nebula pure electric system platforms, and the three new technologies at the bottom of the new technology.
Sit, full power in pure electricity and mixing, accelerating the transition to autonomous new energy generation. Plugged: Focus modularization, integration, exclusive dmh supermixing technology. The auto-distributed dmh supermix system, which proposes the concept of whole-car “energy domain” management, through the industry's first Five.
Together, the power has become a brain picu, which has succeeded in fine-tuning the energy of the entire vehicle, with the integrated control of the upper steam responding quickly, requiring only 0.26 seconds, a 50 per cent increase in the speed of operation, a 70 per cent reduction in network redundancies, a significant increase in the dynamic response of the dmh supermix system, a breakthrough in performance and a tremendous boost to users.
Experience. The full heat efficiency of the supermixed motor exceeds 43 per cent, the maximum volume heat efficiency has passed to 2208 km, and has captured the title "Most Safe B" with 2.49l/100km of super low fuel consumption, Ryojiimax8dmh as mpv, breaking the 1,500km threshold for continued flight, cltc
With a combined range of 1536 km, cltc lost 4.71l/100km of electricity, the following company will launch a new vehicle model based on a blended system that will accelerate the capture of mixed market shares. On the pure side of electricity, focus on nebula platforms and improve competitiveness.
The new Everest machine and power integration architecture, fully solid-state batteries, a new blue core mix, a new green core power drive, and a boost to the competitiveness of the new energy products of the Power Company. The Nebula pure power platform has modular scalability, high safety, high power consumption, etc., and has been installed in mg4, flying vans.
R7 model, which is expected to be followed by further technological upgrades to improve competitiveness.
The new vehicle will be a suv model, and the new vehicle is scheduled to be released in 2025q1 with the desired l7. We believe that current mileage anxiety still exists and that the provision of an incremental version will facilitate further intellectual self-employment 3.3: accelerated multi-regional expansion and emphasis on overseas bases
The company's entire car fleet consists mainly of a car ride (including brands such as Ewey, mg, Flying Man) and a car-car-free export growth in 2020-2023, with sales increasing from 40 million vehicles to 1208,000 vehicles, 2024m1-11, and a fall in the use of mg and upper gas exports.
The impact of the company ' s export and overseas base sales of 937,000 vehicles, compared to 12.1 per cent, is that the company has three production bases abroad, including 1 in G.S.A. Ltd. (Thailand), designed to produce 40,000 vehicles annually; 2) G.I.V. Indonesia Ltd. (Indonesia): designed to produce 60,000 vehicles annually; and 3) a title.
Automotive India Ltd. (India): Designed to produce 56,000 vehicles per year, 2023, 2024m1-11, upper gas production of 10.9 and 97,000 units per year for three offshore bases. Figure 23: Corporate exports and overseas base sales (vehicles)
Figure 24: Company overseas base production and sales (vehicles) Exported vehicles with a predominantly value-for-money model, with Europe, India and the Middle East as the main export area for autonomous brands.
For cars like mg-3, the share of new energy is less than 20%; the main export models for upper-air Mitsubishi include small fuel trucks like Aio, Poo, 530 and Poo, 510 etc. From the export region, given that the mg brand originated in the UK in 1924 and was acquired by companies in April 2007, the overall overseas brand is more well known and used in Europe.
On October 4, the EU voted to impose tariffs on China’s electric-powered vehicles, with companies being taxed up to 35.3%, with the highest tariffs being imposed.
In an interview with the German media in November, Bernd Lange, President of the European Parliament's Trade Commission, said that negotiations between the EU and China on electric cars were close to reaching an agreement that China could promise to set a minimum price for electric cars exported to the EU. According to the Deputy General Manager of Cars on board, RYU Yee-min
It was indicated that, in response to the impact of high tariffs, an adjustment might be made to the price system of the upper mg electric vehicle in Europe, which would have to be marketed at a higher price, which could affect the sale of the mg electric vehicle in Europe, but since the mg exports were based on gasoline and hybrid models and new products were still being introduced, the volume of the mg is expected to be exported next year.
No negative growth. We expect that, in the wake of tighter terms of trade in Europe, 188,000 vehicles will be designed by the company’s overseas base by the end of 2023, which will lead to an increase in the layout of overseas production and to further globalization. 3.4 Smart Drivers: Smart Leader Audi takes the lead and embraces China positively.
The company has a clear profile, a high-level intellectual, and Audi actively embraces it. With regard to intelligent driving, the company is open to the choice of partners. The current suppliers include Horizons, Huaieng, Momenta, Taiji, etc., and the senior intellectuals use the orin chip+momenta algorithm, through the intellectual brand layout; and the middle-level intellectuals.
On the side of the joint venture, New Audia5l will be carrying a high-level driver of the company's high-level intellectuals through its own brand layout, which has now led to the creation of a national city of Noa.
On October 17, 2024, the uncharted city of imad opened up the whole country and launched a full-fledged vehicle.
The city is open, and special roads, including village roads, highways, construction roads, roads without lanes, all kinds of special roads, and navigation are open, and high-level smart drivers are becoming consumers.
Key considerations in the acquisition of vehicles, the company ' s early realization of urban noa landings helped to create a pre-emptive advantage, contributing to sales, figure 27: profit-for-profit scenario 4.1 split with business
With the accelerated restoration of the joint brand and the autonomous brand, we expect the revenue from the automobile business to be the company's own van leader in 2024-2026, and we have selected Biadi, the Great Wall, Cyrus, the ideal car, the Gilly, the Chang An car, the Hiroshima group for a comparative analysis of the company's valuation.
The new management has taken on three major management changes. In recent times, the company has responded to changes in the state business, with significant changes in the organization: 1) Strengthening the state business reform: the Shanghai City Council Secretary Chen Ji Ning, the Deputy City Council Secretary and Mayor Gong, in their thematic research, pointed out the firm’s need to take a firm position on the main battlefield and the main offensive, focusing on the local city.
(ii) Management change: in July, the company board elected Mr. Wang Xiaoqiu, former General Manager, as Chairman of the company's 8th Board of Directors, and appointed Mr. Ja Kensuk, former Vice-President of the company, as President of the company.
Change of management, new management with front-line business experience in technology, marketing, supply chains, seaboarding, etc., with a new rejuvenation; 3) Focus on resource integration and synergy: after the new Managing Director took office, he proposed a transformational approach that emphasizes resource integration, synergy, marketing, etc. We believe that the support of the Shanghai City Government and the push of the new management
The company is expected to accelerate the pace of reforms, accelerate the transformation of the brain power, and reverse the dilemmas. Joint venture brands: active mass transformations generally restore confidence. 2024m1-11, mass sales of 1.18 million vehicles, equal to 5.1%, general sales of 371,000 vehicles, equal to -58.6%, and profit.
2024h1 On board Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen Motors (VMV), with a profit of 0.17 million and a loss of 10.1 million General Motors (VMV), is subject to storage, increased competition, and the overall decline in sales and profits.
Increased localization of innovation at a time when two pure electric vehicles based on a cmp platform with a cera electrical and electronic architecture will be launched in 2026, Audi actively collaborates with the new brand Audi to upgrade its intellectual capabilities, and the new Audi flag will lead with a high-end smart-networked electric vehicle will be launched into the market in mid-2025 and a positive shift to new energy sources will take place; (ii) up-to-roads will be launched in mid-2025.
Use: tree confidence, survival, and development. The upper gas is primarily branded as Buick and Cadillac, gradually reducing the low-end model of the Chevrolet, giving greater attention to the priority models of Begl8, Ankowi, Juntao and ct5. The same time will increase the pace of hybrid vehicle roll-out and accelerate the transformation of new energy sources.
Autonomous brands: Focusing on resource integration has accelerated development. 2024m1-11, influenced by the volume of mg export sales, the fall in the fuel truck, and the combined volume of auto auto cars, 1.95 million vehicles, or 25.1% of the total, are sold, and the profits are also high. The following companies will focus on branding, concentrating research and development, and optimizing efficiency.
Three new technological bases will be built on “the new generation of dmh binary hybrid technology, the new generation of Cube battery systems, the new generation of supernova, the pure electro-systemic platform of the nebula”, with full power in pure electricity and commingling, with Rong Wai focusing on domestic markets and mixing; and the intellectual acceleration of the drive to launch an incremental vehicle to hit the high-end market;mg
(a) Focusing on the sea, increasing the distribution of overseas production and further progress towards globalization.1 Industry demand is not as high as expected: macroeconomic recovery is not as likely as expected to result in insufficient consumer disposable income and delayed decision-making on the purchase of vehicles, thus affecting the level of individual vehicle sales and resulting in lower than expected sales;
2) “Pricing war” intensified: increased competition in the automotive sector and a more complex competitive market environment, such as the intensification of the fruit price war, which could lead to lower-than-expected corporate profits; 3) downside risks of joint venture brands: the current pace of corporate up-to-date energy transition is yet to be tested
Evidence that fuel trucks are exposed to industry downside risks that may have adverse effects on corporate sales, revenue and profits; 4) Automobiles, new energy transformations, out-of-country expansions that are not as expected: company-owned brands, new energy transformations such as mg, intellectuals, Mitsubishi, etc., increase in overseas sales that may not be as fast as expected, affecting corporate sales,
5) The possible impact of EU tariffs on export sales and profits: the European Commission decided to impose a temporary countervailing duty on electric vehicles imported from China, with a tariff rate of up to 38.1 per cent imposed on upper-air groups, and a total tariff rate of 48.1 per cent, if added to the existing 10 per cent, would have a direct impact on upper-air-group products in Europe.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been or will not be directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.