The apple gold cycle is driving the company's performance.
The company is the world's largest pcb manufacturer, binding quality customers to build industry barriers, and in 2017 it became the world's largest pcb manufacturer, in the area of fpc segmentation of Fpc.
About 23%. Companies grow with a large number of high-quality customers around the world, with product quality and productivity reaching world-class standards, and are actively involved in the new technology layout of their clients, and green and automated production allows companies to maintain their industry leadership.
Mobile phone functionality innovation drives the value of single machine pcb up, and companies will benefit significantly from the iphone switch gold cycle. The company mainly produces high-speed pcbboard, 5g smartphone innovation accelerated, hardware accelerated.
Thank you very much: if the intern Tan Yu is up and down, the pcb program is up and running, and the value of the single pcb will increase in the future. We measure nearly 60% of the company's revenues from iPhones, which are expected to be super-high.
One billion users will change their mobile phones over a three-year period or so, and the company will be one of the main suppliers of iphonepcb, and the expected increase in the volume of goods will strongly support the growth of the company’s performance. Airpods, applewatch, etc., represent an important increase in the company’s performance.
Aiot opens up the market space for consumer electronics, and the company has a layout on the pcb board for a variety of products. The company’s fpc products account for an important share of the fast-expanding airpods and applewatch products.
The company’s mini-led board is expected to be operational by the end of this year and will be used for future ipad and future ipads.
In the area of vr, the company has become a well-known brand supplier. The company has a strong long-term growth momentum.
In a vast market space, the current valuation is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Podium Holdings: q3 performance pressure, yielding a strong apple cycle that looks good for iphones with less than expected and higher-end pcb penetration than expected.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: The continuous upgrading of consumer electronics drives the growth of high-end pcb markets, companies successfully cut into the international large customer supply chain and expand horizontally to various types of pcb downstream applications, increasing competitiveness.
The value of the machinepcb increased; the penetration rate of the apple lead fpc, slp gradually increased, and the company ' s slp board is expected to expand its share of the supply chain for other headline cellular manufacturers; the rapidly developing equipment for wearables, the company ' s fpc has supplied equipment products for core customers, and growth will be strong in the future; the company ' s mini-led ultra-line board project was successfully operational by the end of the year, and the trend towards the electronicization of cars has become apparent.
It is assumed that 200 million, 230 million and 250 million will be delivered in 2020-2022, and that the share of the dotted stock supply is expected to be 30%, 35%, and 35%, respectively. Assuming that the slp ratio of non-iphone smartphones will be used in 2020-2022.
Not 10%, 15%, 20%, assuming that the company is able to successfully access the head Andre mobile phone order and to occupy the pcb board, the yearly applewatch loads are 41 million, 54 million, 65 million, the shares of the companies are 35%, 35%, and 40% respectively. The 2020-2022 ipads are assumed to be 5000, 5600, etc.
The country’s car electronics penetration rate has increased, and growth in the automotive electronics sector is expected to accelerate. In the area of automobile electronics, the company’s overall deployment is expanding, the current market for new energy vehicles is increasing, car electronicization is increasing, there is a clear trend towards the integration of car cords, and the company’s motor panels are expected to grow significantly. We expect a doubling of the company’s motor electronics collection from 2020 to 2022.
The market is still skeptical about the future growth of Apple's cellular output. We believe that Apple-backed 5g series will reach a peak in sales in about three years, and Apple's cellular output will be worth looking up. Apple phones will grow back faster in the next three years, and there may be a much lower-than-expected segment of Apple products. We measure the company's revenues from Apple phones by about 60%.
On the other hand, performance is more flexible: 1.39, 1.94 and 2.43 dollars, respectively, corresponding to 26 times more than in 2021. Companies will benefit significantly from the switchover of iphones, with new business offering vast market space, and the current valuation is significantly lower than that of a company, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Iphone sales are out of sight, fpc and slp are out of reach, airpods and applewatch are growing rapidly, new energy cars are becoming more digitized, solar manufacturers are out of speed, iPhone cell phones are out of reach and reach the expected and high-end pcb is out of reach.
The company was established on 29 April 1999 as the world's largest pcb-column, Penang Holdings (Shenzhen) Ltd., with a change in the company as a whole from the original Sunny Precision Component (Shenzhen) to the Shenzhen Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) Board in September 2018.
The parent company has a strong stake in it. In 2016, it consolidated its operations at pcb, in addition to the ic board, through the US Port Industries and CFI, which became the world’s largest producer of pcb in 2017.
Figure 1. Corporate equity structure The company, based on the production of high-end pcb products, can meet the higher requirements of electronic equipment for pcb “light, thin, short, small.” Corporate products are mainly high-speed pcb boards, and according to company announcements, the company currently collects 80% from fpc (soft circuit boards).
Hdi (high-density interconnection circuit boards), slp (classboards) and rpcb (hard-print circuit boards) account for about 20% of the revenue. fpc is an important building block for high-density, high-speed electronics development, flexible and capable of three-dimensional bending and folding, and the use of fpc can solve the problem of more complex and diverse circuit layouts within the system and is important in the development of high-density electronics.
The company is currently the main supplier of the global fpc circuit board and can benefit first of all from the growth of market demand in the fpc. Hdi is a compact pcb circuit board using microblinding technology, and when pcb's density increases above the eight-story plate, hdi is used to manufacture a high line density with higher power and heat.
The semi-accumulation technology is a high-level hdi, which is a preference for line width/wire range below 30/30m, with a step-by-step reduction of line width, graphic refinement and further growth in reliability. Since 2017, slp has been introducing known end-products of electronic branding, which will lead to a gradual increase in production and extension of the industry ' s original ecology, and the company has been able to achieve slp since 2017.
The company has been a global leader in the fpc industry for many years, and, through precision judgement and pre-positioning, it has moved into the Hdi and slp fields. With the “light, thin, short, small” demands on pcb in downstream markets, the company’s technology is becoming more demanding.
With the supply capacity of the entire pcb product line, its technical advantages in the pcb industry will be highlighted, with a further market share in the future, four plant areas with a full range of products and investment projects to secure capacity demand. The company’s four main production bases in the country include Shenzhen Park, Qin Royal Island Park, Huai An Park, and the Huai An Zhoi Park, and produces products such as rpcb, module, fpc, hdi, and slp.
The four campuses are currently engaged in the enrichment and expansion of product lines, and the company’s Indian affiliates are also expected to build up four new modules to support overseas module operations. The ultra-fine line board investment project that the company invests in in Huai An Park is mainly a production-capability project for Mini-led, which will further enrich the company’s product lines and enhance its competitiveness.
Since the company was founded, it has been working with leading electronic branders around the world, and its former clients include leading international brands such as Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, and now leading international brands such as Apple, Oppo, Hua, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, etc.
In-depth partnerships have been established, and companies have grown to be the world’s top-ranked pcb firm through continuous collaboration with top global clients. In 2016-2019, the sales of Apple, the company’s first client, accounted for 61.32%, 63.30%, respectively, and deep binding with large clients led to industry barriers.