On Wednesday, May 2nd, 2018, the expansion and growth of the company's catering tourism industry, with the duty-free carrier sword pointing to the international leader.
Gross operating income was $28,282 million, or +26.32%; net return to the mother was 2,531 million yuan, and total operating income to the company was $8,849 million, or +53.07%, for the quarter; net profit to the mother was $1,160 million, resulting in higher performance on a daily basis.
The statement, which increases sales revenue by $4.311 billion (of which the traditional channel earns $2.9 billion, and the tax-free distribution of 51 per cent of the shares in Shanghai on the date of the company's announcement in February 2002, is expected to be realized and consolidated in the first half of this year, while exempting Japan from bidding with Japan for tax-free operation of Shanghai Airport.
□ With regard to traditional tax-exempt channels, during the reporting period the company won the Hong Kong airport tobacco- and-water-marked segment of the Hong Kong airport and the capital airport t2, t3, with the company successfully won the six airport entry duty-free shops in Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, and Urumqi.
The start-up has helped to increase the size of corporate tax-free sales and to raise the company’s tax-free access to upstream channels □ to offshore suppliers – the Tria Sea Bay business income of $6.084 billion, or +29.31 per cent, contributed to the growth of company performance. The Bay Rivermin Island project, which is a powerful complement to existing shopping centres, is based on:
At the end of 2017, the structure was capped, and the recruitment process is now advancing. The opening of the Atlantis Hotel will bring a significant high-end flow of customers to Sanya.
The company’s tax-exempt business is growing faster, and its medium- and long-term advantages are expected to expand further.
The Division has been re-evaluated and the value of the value has been raised. 32 times the value of the money given to the company in 2018 corresponds to 32/26/20 times the value of the pe. In conjunction with the current valuation levels of the industry, we have given China a foreign disaster impact: 3) The Sanya Sea Bay passenger flow has not grown as much as expected: 4) The airport tender has not progressed.
Zhang, Queen's Powerful Performance, Industry Leader, State Enterprise Reform Landing, Tax Free, Accelerated Expansion of Business 2017-8-28
In the six months following the publication of the report, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous certificate/subsidiarity index for the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and +5%;
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.