According to the media reports, such as the news, the Xinhai Finance, the South China Morning Post, the Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on April 3th, in honour of China's reform and opening up.
On the fortieth anniversary, China plans to take new initiatives, and President Xi's keynote address at the opening of the annual forum for Asia will be the “most authoritative interpretation” of these plans. The forum will be held from 8 April to 11 April with the town of Bochen in the city of Chonghai, Hainan Province. The company is part of the Hainan Concept Unit, which is expected to benefit from the introduction of further opening policies in Hainan and the thematic catalyst for the 30th anniversary of the construction of Hainan Province on 30 April.
Hainan is expected to choose a new free trade port, and the policy push for greater openness is to be expected. According to the source, Xi Jinping, last October, offered to explore the creation of a free trade port, which enjoys greater freedom of policy formulation than the existing free trade zone and is more open in terms of market access; Hainan, sometimes known as Hawaii, China, and this year.
The forum was hosted by one of the new port options. Moreover, as early as the end of 2017, the Hainan Province Tourism Development Master Plan (2017-2030) (hereinafter referred to as “the Master Plan”) was published, which clearly stated that tax-free shopping policy dividends would be released in the near future, and that tax-free shopping policies would be optimized, tax-free shopping limits would be increased, tax-free commodity varieties would be expanded, duty-free shops would be optimized and off-island shops would be selected for customers.
We believe that, on the one hand, the Bo Forum is worth looking forward to increasing the openness of Hainan Province: on the other hand, the Master Plan clearly states that tax-free shopping policy dividends will be released in the near future, both of which will be tax-free from Hainan Island, and that the company will continue to invest more in tax-free operations in Sanya, with the promise of fully benefiting from the policy dividend. In March 2018, the company released its third policy dividend.
At the ninth meeting of the Board of Trustees, it was announced that 13 bills had been considered and adopted, including the Bill on Additional Investment in the Triya Bay Rivermin Island Project. In addition, information from the company's first provisional shareholders meeting in April 2018 showed that the company's 2018 plan had a total investment of $5,091 million and a regular investment plan of $1,349 million for the purchase of software, machinery, equipment, computers, furniture, vehicles, etc.
For example, in 2018, the company will increase its investment in tax-free operations in Sanya and is expected to enjoy expansion in South China.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.