The Shinji Sanctuary's power (000338.sz) product structure continues to be optimized, and the advantages of diversified operations are highlighted.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2020, and in the first half of 2020 it achieved business income of $94,495 million, an increase of 4.00 per cent compared to the $4,680 million net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, a decrease compared to the decline.
There is a certain negative impact on the functioning of the domestic and foreign automobile industries, with companies relying on a diversified business structure, with a strong risk-resistant capacity, q2 with a steady improvement in domestic economic development as the country improves its control and control of the epidemic, and the company’s performance has improved.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a year-on-year growth. 2020h1, the company achieved a business income of $94,495 million, and market data: 27 August 2020, net return profit q2 was reduced by a narrow margin and the Maori rate was reduced by a lower margin. 2020h1, the company returned to its mother.
Industrial chain integration accelerates, power system operations are visible. Power system operations are an important pillar of corporate business, with companies maintaining traditional emerging patterns and increasing their core technology on the one hand, optimizing product structures, promoting product quality reduction, and setting up high-end products, wp3n, wp8 and wp10h.
The new products are fast-growing, the whole series of road countries VI and non-road countries IV have completed upgrading, the other side has continued to focus on the segmenting of markets, accelerating the process of industrial chain integration, the first half of the year, the second generation of amt power, the bulk market certification of products, and the "wp6h plus Lindh hydraulic pressure" engine has become the first in the country.
In 2020h1, the company ' s total power generation, whole vehicles and key zeros generated operating revenues of 55,346 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.05 per cent over the same period, of which the large-barrel engine, the high-end engine, ITC Section A, 69 West Avenue, Taiwon City Capital, is located on the 28th floor.
At present, the demand for engineering machinery is strong, with commercial monthly sales continuing at the same rate.
High growth on the 7th floor of the intercentre, which is expected to add up to the business of the corporate power system, while the product structure of the company continues to improve well, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
As high-end products are up, it is expected that the value of corporate products will be raised, corporate profitability will increase, prices will support them, and the power of total business will be expected to continue to add to the company’s business. Deepening into emerging strategic areas will continue to expand competitive advantages.
In the direction of \triangleright, based on Tokaisu and Dematek's smart logistics business, expanding the competitive advantage of companies in the field of smart logistics, the sales revenue of 2020h1 smart logistics products was Euro3.93 billion, down from the same year.
10.0 per cent, with a total order of Euro4.40 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period, while companies are actively engaged in new energy operations, strategic restructuring of Germany ' s Odess, Austria ' s Widdis, new energy dynamics, combined power generation control systems and agricultural equipment cvt power systems, and continued promotion of the company ' s hydrogen fuel.
The layout of the battery engine is expected to expand the company’s technological advantages and improve the company’s core competitiveness as a whole.
Investment proposals: The company's deep-farming industry has developed and is actively developing emerging strategic areas such as new energy sources, smart drivers, intelligent goods flows, and products continue to penetrate to higher ends, with the prospect of sustained profitability and expansion: the overseas epidemic continues to spread.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.