In the summary: 94.5 billion yuan for Camp 1 in 2020, 4 per cent more than the previous year, with the parent engine.
At the same time, the flag collects $28.5 billion, an increase of 17 per cent; the mother earns $4.68 billion, a decrease of 11.5 per cent, and the next fascist gear tank is a heavy-carat transmission tank with heavy steam.
The net profit of the parent company was $4.64 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori rate of 2020h1 was 19.6 per cent. Keyhou and DeMartek were the world ' s leading heavy-cargo producers, down 2.2 per cent from the same year; the net interest rate was 6 per cent, a decline of 1.6 per cent from the same year, subject to product structure and raw materials (prime gold).
Prominent forklift and logistics system producers. Companies also have price effects, with the parent company q2 having a Māori rate of only 20.9 per cent and a 6 per cent decline in the same year, and a 4.2 per cent decline in the ring.
The market for commercial power is changing, and the fuelwood is heavily horizontally distributed. The market for commercial cars is down in 2020h1 and the domestic heavy-card sales after the outbreak are more innovative. At the same time, the upgrading of emission standards is driving the industry to pay debt and cross-share presentations:
The company’s H1 engine sales were 470,000, an increase of 19% over the same period, and we assumed its share in the heavy card market was about 30%, a slight decline. But the company’s efforts in the big casks, light-card engines, etc., have been to take advantage of a single city’s pool of profits, but rather to combine the industry’s transformations with a more segmented market.
The share of natural gas engines is 48.5%, while the share of the country's six heavy-diesel markets is now 31%. But, given that the product structure of the heavy-card market in the first half of the year is light, we assume that after the full implementation of the sixth, companies are expected to have more than 36% of the stock of diesel heavy-cards.
The profitability of corporate engine operations will return with the removal of bottlenecks to heavy car production. The circulation b/h (millions) is more well managed than the European and American counterparts, and overseas logistics operations are more resilient.
But Keisu’s new orders of 4.4 billion euros, an increase of 4.8% over the same period, include 1.74 billion euros for supply chain solvers, an increase of 57.3% over the same period, presumably benefiting mainly from the growth in demand for unreached storage. We believe that the advantages accumulated by companies in a variety of power sectors will be released gradually, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Global infrastructure, logistics recovery are not as good as expected; prices of raw materials have risen significantly.
Figure 1: Combined wood power report collection and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 2: Net profit and increase in the same year in the combined fuel wood report.
Figure 3: The rate of revenue and growth of the same age scale for the fuelwood parent company, Figure 4: The net profit and the same rate of growth for the same age group, the source of financial prosperity in the East
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the power of wood (000338), the strength to build the future, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports that Xiaoqing's power (000338) is to build the future.
Liu Xiaoming B.A., Master of Arts, Dartmouth College, USA, cfa holder, seven years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.