In the first half of the year, the company published its semi-annual report for the first half of 2020, which generated a total of $94,495 million.
In total, 470,000 engines were sold, 19.2 per cent more than the previous year, 6.05 million transformer boxes were sold, 4 per cent more than the same year, 534,000 bridges were sold, 16.5 per cent more than the same year, and the mid-light-car engine market rose to 12.2 per cent.
q2 was affected by the epidemic, with a certain loss, but the order situation grew by 4.8%, showing super-resilientness, of which Deutschland 7,934,6,187
The total market value/flow rate (millions of dollars) is short-term pressure, and the gas engine continues to drop. q2 is only 17.57% in a single season.
There has been a certain decline in the same ring ratio, mainly as a result of the increase in the price of precious metals from gas heavy-card motors and the fall in income from overseas in the second quarter, and the rate of single-season profits has been much lower than the rate of growth.
R & D of precious metals in natural gas engines, and the introduction of precious metals in new machines in May, has been driven by heavy calories that show resilience, slightly higher performance than expected.
The worst days have passed, and q3 is expected to improve overall.
As the overseas epidemic subsides and resumes production, the gas engine (000338) has a slightly higher performance than expected, and metal use continues to be optimized, with city and Maori rates expected to double, and the worst days are over.
At the same time, the three-quarters heavy-card industry is expected to continue with a year-round high rate of innovation, and the sector’s operations are expected to improve across the board in q3. Investment advice: the company, as the core of the heavy-car chain, covers the entire vehicle, engine, and speed of change.
Key operations such as boxes, bridges and other industries such as smart logistics, hydraulic systems, balanced development, short-term performance under the impact of an overseas epidemic in the second quarter of the year, accompanied by the continued high profile of the heavy card industry, are rated as “buy-in”.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report