In the evening of March 26, 2024, China and China issued a 2023 annual report. In 2023, the Department achieved $4,4109 million, or +23.7 per cent, in return for the return of the mother ' s net profit of $3,013 million, or +23.7 per cent.
In 2023, the company made a breakthrough in its overseas operations and improved the profitability of the well-drilling plates.
The Division's international business performance has improved significantly, with the share of corporate domestic/international revenue divided into drilling services: platform day-to-day increases. In 2023, the company operated and managed a total of 60 platforms (including 46 self-incented drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms), of which 41 were operated.
In China, 19 are internationally. In terms of workload: in 2023, the company built a self-propelled drilling platform, the ratio was +774 days (+24.8%). The daily usage rate of the platform was +1.7 pct to 85.2%, with the use of the self-propelled platform being influenced by cross-border tugs and overseas ship inspection by the same ratio--
2.3 pct to 85.9 per cent increase in available daily usage by 1.0 pct to RM/day on a year-on-year basis after the removal of the impact of this factor, of which $7.4 million per day for self-incremental, semi-submarine platforms and $133,000 per day, respectively, were made as a result of the company ' s new contract for drilling platforms in the North Sea region and input from drilling platforms in the Middle East region
Industry, we believe that the company’s future drilling fees and platform utilization will continue to increase. Field technology services: the overseas market has grown steadily.
The high-end drilling technology is being developed to further scale the sea.
The company successfully concluded a contract for integrated services for drilling wells in the Middle East; and a successful contract for South-East Asia.
(c) Successfully concluded contracts for land integration projects in the Americas, providing, for the first time in the region, integrated services to off-system clients, and
Ship services: By the end of 2023, the company operated three workboats, platform supply vessels, oil \triangleright object exploration services: 2023, company 2D, 3D, submarine cable, seafloor nodes
\triangleright Major research and development of marine towed seismic exploration equipment “sea-economic” system, completion of the first-ever ultra-deep-water seismic exploration operation and realization of the autonomous development and acquisition of a full set of marine seismic towed equipment
China Sea oil capital expenditure remained high, providing a strong guarantee for the supply orders. In 2023, the ratio of company-related transactions with China China \triangleright Oil Co. Ltd. was 81%. In 2024, China Sea oil programme capital expenditure
125-1350 billion yuan. The continued high level of capital spending by China and China oil guarantees firm performance. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we project net return profits for the company in 2024-2026, respectively, taking into account the company ' s future benefits from its competitive advantage and the prospect of continued growth in industry.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected risk; upstream capital expenditure less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
Research on development and planning, revision of technology policy in the coal industry, and enterprise-related advice. In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Honghwang, a Ph.D. from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents such as the national ministry's plans for the hydrocarbon industry, the construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development.
In July 2022, he joined the Sino-Chinese Centre for Securities Research and Development to study the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.