Growth and cyclical resonance, reported overperformance: semi-annual reports issued by companies, with 218h1 achieving revenue of 2,164 million, a year-on-year increase of 307 million in the first quarter of the second quarter, and performance growth exceeding expectations: quarterly, 2
Quarterly income of $1,194 million was realized in the first quarter, with a 23.04 per cent increase over the first quarter, mainly due to the drilling of machines Growth in the sale of the tank's polar master pump valves, with a net profit of $307 million and an increase of 95.62 per cent over the first quarter, mainly due to higher exchange rate gains in the second quarter, and loss of exchange in the first quarter, in addition
The sales and management rates have declined with the scale effect. Combined Māori and net profit rates have reached 35.10% and 25.78% in the first quarter of the second quarter, an increase of 1.12 pct and 9.62 pct compared to the first quarter.
In addition, the company sold 65.7 million non-square cylinders, representing an increase of 19.33 per cent over the same period.
Sales revenue of $586 million, an increase of 29.29 per cent from the previous year, was lower in the non-flagged tanks, which had been squeezed into the production capacity of the non-flagged tanks and would have improved in the second half of the year.
Rapid growth of pump valve operations and opening of future growth space: 2018h1 hydraulics are expected to continue to benefit from the high profile of the excavator industry.
Main domestic mainframe plant, small-pump valves highlighted; three integrated master valves, fms elastic, pump valve operations growth; flexible manufacturing systems adapted and medium- and large-pump valve production significantly upgraded, laying the groundwork for subsequent growth
- 2018/04/17 Foundation; hydraulic technology is expanding rapidly in the non-digger field, with high-altitude operating vehicles, cement pumps, rhesus hydraulic pressure (601,100) High-performance growth margin
Pump valves, such as the Drilling Drilling Drilling and the Targeted Drilling, are produced in quantities. The company pump valve operations are expected to remain high in the future, and the engineering and machinery industry is expected to stay high.
Growth and cyclical resonance, medium performance over expectations Growth and cyclical resonance, middle performance overperformance industry research, specialized in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report