Newtime security
Over-expected performance in the first half of the year and significantly increased profitability - the first half performance over-expected in the first half of the year, with a year-round increase in profit projections, with a view to medium- and long-term growth of the company:
With the gradual release of the company's productive capacity and the acceleration of the import of the Central Digger Hydraulic Pump Valve, we look forward to the company's continued warming as an engineering and machinery industry, the rapid growth of the excavator tanks and the impact on the production capacity of the non-flagged tanks;
Over 60 per cent of the length, the company ' s product is becoming more competitive and its sales are increasing significantly. During the reporting period, 226,000 tankers (+45 per cent) were sold and revenues of 986 million yuan (+61 per cent) were realized. Unweighted (+19 per cent) and revenue of 586 million yuan (+29 per cent) were realized.
• Hydraulics are growing rapidly and business plates are moving well: the subsidiary hydraulics has seized the opportunity of rapid growth in the excavator market, 15t and below, and the volume is fully aligned with China's mainstream mainframe plant, with three integrated master valves fms soft manufacturing systems.
A total of RMB 325 million (+220%) and a net profit of RMB 35.5 million (+225%) were realized by hydraulic technology from 2018h1 and more than 15,000 units were sold by the excavator master pump valves, resulting in an operating income of RMB 238 million (+377%). The operating volume of the subsidiary Shanghai's new industrial hydraulic valves increased.
The new product-rate valves have been moving rapidly to replace imported products, with an operating income of $63 million achieved during the reporting period. There has been a significant increase in profitability and a steady improvement in the quality of operations:
"According to the impact of scale effects and product structure optimization, and the significant depreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar, the front line is moving at full speed." 2018-04-16 "Accelerator speed, pump valves, domestic hydraulic elements."
Sales and management rates decreased by 2.44 pct compared to last year's total, with 33 per cent growth in receivables significantly lower than the increase in revenue and 433 per cent growth in operating cash flows, indicating that the quality of the company's operations continued to improve.