The short-term benefits of digging the landscape, the medium-term non-scaling tanks, pump valves, and the domestic taps, the downstream view + class expansion, are expected to be seen.
Founded in 2010, after a total change in the system, the former Jiang Su Heungli high pressure tank landed at its lowest 52-week base in 2011. The company has now grown into a professional production of hydraulic components and hydraulic systems.
The company has a strong competitive advantage in such products as the special tank for excavators, the shield tank, etc., where it exports more than 20% of its products. The company benefited from the downstream dredging scene, with 443% of the company ' s revenues in 2017, and the main product revenue contribution was 41.3% for the specialized tank for excavators and heavy equipment.
Non-standard tank 37.3 per cent, hydraulic pump valve 8.9 per cent, component and hydraulic set-up 6.1 per cent, tank industry bottom, plus depreciation, amortization increases and capacity resulting from the expansion of the company's productive capacity.
(b) A steady growth of non-barrelled oil tanks + hydraulic pump valves, etc., can be expected to level off to a certain degree; performance cycles fluctuate; and corporate corporate profitability and stability as a whole can be enhanced.
Excavator-specific tank: demand increases marginal pressure, but is still robust in the short and medium term. 1) Industry, according to the Excavator Branch statistics, cumulative sales of 131,246 excavators in January-July 2018, compared to +58.7 per cent, have been on track since April, while maintaining the overall high increase in the growth rate.
On the other hand, the accounts receivable from the mainframe, which is represented by the trio, Xu Engineering and Mechanics, are basically normal, and indications of over-credit sales of overdraft demand have not yet come to light, taking into account the fiscal and monetary policy easing set by the country's regular July meeting, which is expected to make the capital a steady economic upturn.
The long-term focus, both of which will support the steady sale of the excavator tank in 2019, and the low probability of short-term break-downs in demand downstream. 2) At the corporate level, high product markets, high client capital, help to withstand industrial cycle fluctuations.
At the same time, the company's downstream hosting plant clients include domestic and international tap-digger suppliers, such as Caterpillar, Trinity and Xu, with a combined share of approximately 67.9 per cent of the main downstream customer excavator markets, and the company's relatively competitive build-up with a scale effect, brand advantage and high-quality customers.
3) Considering the industry's “product-up-extension-credit sales” chain of action, combined with the “receivable surge-crowding-down-proceeding” of Xu's last climate cycle,
Heavy equipment in non-flagged tanks: the industry is in high demand, the company’s productive capacity is expanding smoothly with its clients, and the short- and long-term growth is likely to be high. The ratio of the company’s non-flagged sub-rigid supplies and revenues is around 21.5% of the combined revenue of non-flagged tank products during the period, becoming the company’s flat-digger oil tank.
In general, the non-barrel tank industry is in high demand, the company’s capacity is expanding smoothly with its clients, and the short- and long-term growth is likely to be significant: 1) The country has now become the largest demand market for global shields, with sales growing at a compound rate of more than 26% in 2012-2016.
(ii) Considering the flexibility with which the company ' s non-square tank capacity can be switched from that of the excavator to that of the company ' s active expansion of the non-square tank sales channels, 2018h2 is expected to be higher than that of the industry;
Prospectively better than in the first half of the year: 3) The company continues to make a breakthrough in the outreach of high-altitude platforms both at home and abroad, and the crane tanks deployed in the United States market have now been developed to tap households like Manitobak and Snowk, which are now entering the performance harvest period.
Hydraulic pump valves, etc.: import replacement space is significant and short- and medium-term performance is high. Hydraulic pump valves are hydraulic system power elements, accompanied by progressive production of company products over the last two years, plate imports are large. In terms of product value composition, hydraulic pump valves are hydraulically used in dredging machines.
The cost of the system is nearly 60% (30% of hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves each), three times as high as the fuel tank, and the market space is significant. Foreign brands such as Bo Shiles, Eton, Kawasaki, and Lindh now account for nearly 90% of the high-end hydraulic markets, such as domestic pump valves, with medium- and long-term domestic manufacturer technology.
Improvements, large import substitution space; 2) stage performance gaps, providing domestic manufacturers with supply-chain entry opportunities. During the bottom of the excavator cycle, 2012-2015, foreign capital contracted its capacity to sell its products, accompanied by a rebound of engineering machinery at the end of 2016, limited short-term elasticity and pump valves.
The gap between supply and demand has widened and the company is expected to take advantage of this opportunity to enter the main engine pump valve supply chain; 3) product phase-by-step front-loader, which is expected to perform well. 2018h1 subsidiary hydraulics has benefited from the full complement of the main pump valves of the diggers below 15t.
The production of pump valves, such as high-altitude operating vehicles, cement pumps, swirling rigs, drill rigs, etc., has reached about 325 million in the first half of the year.
In the paragraph, later release is expected to contribute significantly to the company ' s performance in 2019 and 2020.