The 2024 and the 2025 quarterly reviews show that the stock continues to grow and the inverters are growing.
The photovoltaic inverter pattern has remained stable: 29.13 million yuan in 24 years, an increase of 5.3%, a Māori rate of 30.9%, a decrease of 1.9 pct; 147gw, an increase of 13% in 24 years, and a stable pattern and profitability.
1 shipments are expected to be higher than expected: 24.960 billion yuan in 24 years, with the same companies in the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the United States delivering normal shipments, and with higher tariff uncertainty, 25q1 is taking away the product from the United States and q1 shipments are increasing at a higher rate.
The US suspends deliveries until tariffs are set, and rules to avoid overseas power cores by investing in overseas storage plants plus purchasing them, and we expect them to work gradually by the end of this year or early next year. Europe, Asia and the Pacific, among others, are double-growing markets, with high profits and sunny markets leading, and households and businesses are starting to grow.
Wind power has increased, power station power has increased, and others have continued to develop: 21 billion dollars in 24 years of new energy investment and 37.5 per cent more. Companies are also actively laying power systems related to Aidc, and microgrids, overseas charge posts, power drives, hydrogen energy, etc. have been developing in the forward and in tandem.
▪ A steady decline in the cost rate under the scale effect, and a marked improvement in cash flow, with a further increase in hand orders: 8.42 billion yuan, i.e. 1.1 per cent of the year, 10.8 per cent of the year, 1 pct, -6.2/+3 pct, partly as part of the scale effect of accounting standards requires part of the cost to go into business
Ben. Optimizing the management of accounts receivable and improving the quality of orders, operating net cash flow of $12.07 billion over 24 years. Sunshine Power (300274); high demand for light storage, operating cash flow of $1.79 billion, which is positive. 25q1 inventory of $31.2 billion, up from the beginning of the year.
Sunshine Power (300274): Release of 25 years of equity  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Considering the possible tariff implications of the company ' s related U.S. business, we draft the Incentives, Light Saved Dragons Forward
Corporate reverses and storage facilities have performed well, with global reserves continuing to grow, profitability and “buy-in” ratings. Three major financial forecasts for solar power sources are available.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.