Sunshine Power (300274.sz): Inverters + April 30, 2025, stocks can continue to grow and tariff effects can be controlled
Sunshine Power Financial Point: The company achieved 77,857 million operating revenues over 24 years, an increase of 7.76 per cent over the same year, and the main products and operations of the company were photovoltaic inverters, wind and electricity.
The net gain was $11,036 million, an increase of 16.92 per cent. In 25 years, q1 achieved business income of $19,036 million, with currents, storage systems, new energy motors, water surface photovoltaics, intelligent energy transport services, etc., being domestic.
Global competitiveness has continued to rise, growing steadily over 24 years. Twenty-four years of positive growth in corporate revenue, mainly from the largest manufacturer of photovoltaic reverse transformers.
The volume grew faster than income growth, largely because of a fall in product prices. Net profits grew slightly faster than revenue growth, largely as a result of the consolidation of corporate brand premiums, product innovation, and economies of scale, with a rate of 29.94 per cent over the year, an increase of 2.76 per cent over the same period.
q1 received and performed faster than expected in the year or benefited mainly from the industry's hold-ups, the pre-shipment of goods abroad, and during the reporting period, the company continued to launch a series of new products, the first mini-reverser series, the mlpe product (invertor, shutter, optimist) for bulk delivery, and the global first 10mwh is “direct flow”
The 52-week fully liquid cold energy system Poweritan 2.0 and the commercial cold energy system Powerstack 200cs are widely used globally to further strengthen the market position of companies.
The short-term effects of reciprocal tariffs are manageable, and it is crucial to improve competitiveness by refining internal strengths. Some countries have, for example, limited imports of products such as photovoltaics, storage energy, and increased tariffs on products in order to support home-grown manufacturing industries.
On the other hand, companies have overseas factories in Thailand and India, delivering goods through overseas bases, or circumventing some of the effects of trade barriers.
In the long run, companies will improve their localization capacity in overseas markets while improving their internal performance and competitiveness, and strengthen their supply chain management capabilities, thereby reducing negative impacts, such as trade frictions. Consider the long-term development of corporate ownership.) Companies will enhance forward-looking research on technologies such as electric power, grid support, etc.
With low-cost innovation, the constant roll-out of power switching products with a strong value for money, the channels, brands, product barriers that companies have built up form a competitive moat. 2) The company has a large number of helium reserves, and the technological, channel and other synergies accumulated by companies in the field of photovoltaic reverse transformers will support the owners.
We've been working together for a long time, and we've got a lot to do with it.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz): Reversers + storage can continue to grow and tariff effects can be controlled.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz): Reversers + storage can continue to grow and tariff effects can be controlled.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. East’s financial and intellectual boom, Sunshine Power (300274.sz): Reversers + storage can continue to grow and tariff effects can be controlled.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.