The performance of 2025q1 was impressive, with the rapid growth of overseas operations. Sunshine Power (300274), annual report 2024 and one-quarter review of 2025, 82.52 per cent, excluding net profit from maternity, $3.676 billion, an increase of 76.46 per cent, compared with the previous quarter.
In 2024, corporate R & D investment significantly increased and global competitiveness continued to increase. In 2024, corporate R & D investment vigorously promoted a global branding strategy that focused heavily on market segmentation, maximizing the advantages of global marketing, services and supply chains, and the addition of firms to markets such as Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, and Central and East Africa.
Over 180 countries and territories worldwide, global service outlets have grown to 520+, and global competition continues to increase in power and influence on April 28, 2025. In 2024, the company’s photovoltaic reverse transformer delivered 147gw worldwide.
This represents an increase of 13.1 per cent, with 29,127 million yuan in electrical and electronic equipment, such as photovoltaic converters, for a fast-growing radiator and home green applications scene in Europe and around the globe. Sunshine. Power loads released the first mini-reverse series, mlpe products (microre, shut-down, optimisation).
Roe (ttm) bulk delivery and home-based smart energy manager ihomemanager, based on the great advantages of flexibility, intelligence and efficiency, have created a global family of green electrodes and a very simple new style.
In 2024, the company’s energy storage system reached 28gwh, with a global revenue of $24,959 million, an increase of 40.21 per cent, and mature electricity markets such as Maori, the Americas, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, which have been increasing the depth of wind and light storage.
The company has signed a 7.8gwhh Middle East flag storage project, a 4.4gwh European maximum storage cooperation agreement with fidraeneergy, United Kingdom, and atlas.
The largest independent energy storage station in Latin America, about 880 mwh, signed an agreement with crec for 1.5 gwh battery storage in the Philippines to provide a holistic solution to many projects at home and abroad.
The company's autonomous development of the 1800V-16mw double-breed wind transformer prototype was officially delineated, highlighting the company's progress in the field of high-power wind conversion technology, and the 10-mw double-breeding wind transformer was also released by hard quality.
Large-scale supply and extensive integration into major wind power projects. Meanwhile, 26mw full power at sea, wind transformation prototypes were successfully offline, and 18mw wind transformers at sea were used in bulk applications. In 2024, the C.D. weighed the new generation of high-power wind transformer systems -- single cabinets of fully integrated transformers -- and realized.
Many of the country’s whole-organized oar products are backed up by bulk applications that efficiently complete several post-wind projects to transform the market. Companies continue to increase their strategic input into wind energy operations, maintain research and development innovations, and further strengthen their position as leaders in the manufacturing of high-end equipment at sea.
Investment proposals: The firm’s core business is steadily developing, increasing investment in research and development innovation, boosting product innovation, and deepening the global market layout, which is expected to further expand its global leadership. It is expected that “positive” investors will be fit only to use research that does not exceed the “middle-risk” level, and that “radical” investors will be fit to use the various risk levels of our division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.