Key financial reporting data: In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $6.412 billion, an increase of 47.35 per cent over the same period; net return profit of $1,522 million, an increase of 1.67 times over the previous year; and data on fast-recording performance were very close to previous performances: Lithium ion batteries, lithium primary batteries, etc.
More than half of the total profit comes from investment earnings. The company achieved investment returns of $840 million in 2019, or 51.65 per cent of the total profit, with joint ventures and associated enterprises (including indirect shareholdings of 37.55 per cent) growing faster.
Lithium primary battery operations grew faster in 2019, reaching 473 million and generating an increase of 57.61 per cent over the same period. In the area of vehicles, full use of etc. is also encouraged, with full coverage of large traffic stations, such as airports, railway stations, passenger terminals, port terminals, etc., as well as parking lot sitcom services, to be achieved by 2020. We believe that this is the case.
The business development of the company ' s lithium primary battery will continue. 2) Lithium ion batteries (small lithium ion cells and power cells) grew by 43.45 to $4,520 million in 2019 and Māori increased by 6.12 power cell loads by 1.64gwh in 2019, ranking fifth, or 2.64%.
The Division’s previously announced supply agreement for Daimler, the modern Kia, is expected to enter the delivery period gradually and, if it goes well, will facilitate the development of power cell operations. Actively promote the industrialization of bean batteries.
According to the March 9 announcement, the company intends to raise up to $2.5 billion in additional funds and invest up to $1.50 billion in a soybean lithium ion battery project for tws (real wireless blue-tooth earpieces) applications to build up hundreds of millions. We believe that if it goes well, it will nurture a performance growth point for the company’s new development.
zhengdd@dxzq.net.cn liysh@dxzq.net.cn zhangyang_yjs@dxzq.net.cn
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the power of lithium 300014: a huge expansion of the battery industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
JUNDAND, BA, Shanghai University of Transport, ba, Manchester University (financial direction), joined Dong-heung Lee Wanshan in May 2019
B.A., Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, and formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Ministry of Environmental Protection.
To the new-energy automobile industry chain, the researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities reported a billion latitudes of lithium energy (300014) to expand a wide range of battery operations.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.