q1 performance meets expectations and positive year-round performance positive q1 performance forecast issued by the company q1 net profit return of $240-260 million, a 20-30% increase in comparison with the year.
Against the background of 40 days of shutdown of the Jingmen factory, performance is expected to be approximately $105 million in net profits outside McWear, an increase of more than 80 per cent over the same period. 1) The epidemic mainly affected the Jingmen factory, 40 days of shutdown of the Hubei Jingmen factory (mainly affecting the Lake North Jingmen plant (iron plant).
Market value in circulation (millions): Lithium & Trinity cylinders & lithium manganese batteries, with limited impact on the Hyezhou plant (consumption & lithium Harbour & Trinity Soft Pack), to liberalize the movement of people after 13 March and to stop work for 40 days.) Hyezhou: return to normality in Hyezhou factory area.
Production is faster, tws batteries maintain a high start rate for a quarter, with an estimated profit of about $30 million (0.1*15*20%) and other consumption of lithium electricity combined with about $50 million. In addition, the estimated profit from lithium primary batteries contributes $85 million; 3) door: ggii power battery load, January-February 2020
The bulk load is 82 mwh, which is only 44% of the same period in 19 years. It is expected that the lfp company, along with the lithium manganese and the Trinity cylinders, will incur a certain loss within 30 million. McWall’s performance fluctuates in the short term due to the impact of the epidemic and equity incentives, and the long-term trend remains unchanged.
McVell, affected by an internal and external epidemic and equity incentives, is expected to lose 30% of the net profit on a year-on-year basis, about 260 million profits, and 100 million yuan in investment in lithium at a billion latitude. Because of the properties of the electronic smoke, McVell is expected to have a lower than expected impact on the impact of the overseas epidemic, as in the case of a tobacco shop in Italy during the closure of the city.
“Study of the dollar securities company – Lithium per billion latitudes (3000014)” event: Industrial profits fell by 38% in the month as compared to the year in question, but tobacco profits increased by 32% as compared to the year in question. As a result, overall operations were judged to be relatively robust throughout the year.
The annual performance forecast for the National Dollar Securities Corporation Study - Lithium Million Latitude Energy (30014) provides an assessment of the year-round profit realization and the start of power cell profitability. The year 19 was dedicated to improving the gross iron lithium ratio, which is expected to rise to 25 per cent for the year-round power cell industry.
The growth and sales of mobile battery customers are not as high as expected, the rate of expansion and capacity utilization are not as high as expected, and the e-smoking industry is at risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.