q1 growth under epidemic pressure, positive year-round performance q1 performance against expectations, response under epidemic pressure company withholding $213 million in net profit, an increase of 8.97 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the resumption of work in the Huezhou area.
Good, new products are delivered in the planned volume, with revenue and profit growth. 1) The expected profit contribution is 100 million yuan in the McVell investment returns, about 50 million yuan in the lithium ion consumption battery (about 300 million dollars in the Tws cell contribution), and 85 million yuan in the lithium primary battery, with a significant loss on the power cell.
2) q1 Māori rate of 29.75 per cent, an increase of 3.9 pct over the same year, mainly due to increased profitability of the company's lithium primary batteries and lithium ion removal batteries (gold beans, 3c soft bags, etc.) and the fact that power cell blocks account for a much smaller portion of the stoppage caused by the epidemic. 3) Net operating cash flow of $415 million, an increase of 130.6 per cent, and ring growth.
43.1 per cent of the q1 cash flow and ring ratio increased significantly, mainly because of the relatively small impact of the epidemic on Daimler and tws ear battery orders during the q1 period and the increase in corporate operating profits due to the impact of the epidemic and equity incentives, short-term fluctuations in McVell ' s performance, and the long-term trend.
McWear is expected to lose 27.7% of the net profit compared to the previous year, as a result of both domestic and external epidemics and equity incentives. Because of the properties of the electronic smoke, McWear is expected to influence the impact of the overseas epidemic.
The policy is a modest guarantee of year-round growth, and looks forward to the development of power cell operations 1)) in 2019 the company ' s existing 2.5 gwhh lithium phosphate production was fully productive, raising the Māori ratio by 5 pcts compared to the beginning of the year. 2) The long-term development of new energy vehicles under the European carbon emission policy is not worrying, and the current overseas car industry is returning.
The company’s three-dollar soft bag, which is expected to be released, has now built up 3gwh capacity, with an advance rating of q1’s performance in line with expectations and a positive view of the year’s performance.
The first batch of Demlers, accompanied by 6gwh production capacity in Kia, is expected to reach production within a year. 3) Domestic subsidy policies have been put in place, with a relatively moderate reduction of 10-15%, with industry chains under better pressure than expected, while passenger vehicles have not been replaced, and initiatives such as encouraging public vehicles to purchase new energy vehicles have guaranteed growth throughout the year.
In a profitable state, three-dollar batteries will grow rapidly over the next 20 years, looking at the full year's profits of the power cell block, and we believe that the impact of the epidemic is both a stumbling block and a litmus test, and that the company's increasing profitability of the battery consumption is providing excellent cash flow for the development of the power cell business.
In 2020-2022, the company is expected to earn less than anticipated growth and sales of power cell customers, production expansion and capacity utilization, and authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.