High growth in basestone operations, power cell traffic into fast lanes Events: 2019 Report, companies achieved operating revenues of $6,412 million, an increase of 47.35 per cent, a growth of 200.55 per cent, a net cash flow of $1,138 million for business activities, an increase of the same year
162.06% of the profits are distributed, and the company intends to find a gold dividend of $1.70 per 10 shares of all shareholders, with a high and simultaneous increase in revenues and profits. Annual reports, 2019, have seen an explosion in the smart traffic market. Large-scale domestic promotion of etc., highways and private homes.
The total stock/flow (millions of shares) is still on the rise. The company is a complex supplier of tc (lithium primary batteries + spc).
The total market value/flow (million yuan) continues to benefit.
European Union hairdressing and sale of the e-call emergency rescue service system, where company products are recognized and ordered by major international customers, will further strengthen the company ' s market in the area of smart traffic, Enje (002812) Ende (002812)
Status. In recent years, the water heating and electrical smart meter has been upgraded, and the company ' s products have been evaluated in three quarters of the country: deep-farming industry, detailed reading of statements, agreement of diaphragm customers, and steady growth in market share. As the network of things has developed, lithium has grown.
The tap - 2018/11/01 original batteries have greater space in more areas such as smart households, smart medicine, and smart cities. As a result, the company’s lithium primary batteries will continue to grow.
In 2019, the company collected $4.52 billion in lithium batteries, an increase of 43.45 per cent over the year, and Māori 23.76 per cent, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same year.
Batteries are beginning to produce in quantities, and will grow in the future with widespread attention from high-end electronics markets, such as tws headphones. The company’s Trinity cylinders, 1865 batteries, have been working with internationally known electric tools companies, while entering the domestic market for high-end electric motors. The opening of these markets has ensured public access.
The power cell area is a very important strategic layout for the company. Existing product types, such as titanium square phosphate, three-dollar soft bags and three-dimensional squares, are increasing production capacity at a fast pace, and lithium phosphate is used mainly in passenger vehicles, specialized vehicles and storage energy, with three-dollar batteries.
The company’s continued high-intensity R & D investment, with 1,443 R & D workers at the end of 2019, and R & D investment of $477 million, or 7.44%, was recognized by the internationally recognized battery company in the three-dollar soft-pack market.
Please patent 1374, authorize 809 and the company is designated by the Ministry of Technology and Communications as a “national technology innovation model” with a technological reserve for power cell safety, energy density, fast charge, etc., which provides a strong support for the development of the company’s power cell.
In the mid-to-long term, the volume of new energy cars will continue to grow, and companies will continue to give way to e-smoking strategies and continue to outperform expectations.
Through ebil’s indirect ownership of 37.55% of McWear’s equity, in 2019, the company contributed $822 million in net pool profits. McWear’s performance continued to grow at a high rate, and iqos ceramic heaters were developed, both for electronic smoke and medical use, and will continue to include rapid growth trends in the future.
McVell is trying to access the capital market, which will help to increase the market value of the company. Investment advice: the company is the world’s leading producer of lithium primary batteries, and the market is growing rapidly; and significant breakthroughs have been made in the area of lithium batteries, which are important strategic players for the company.
Inwards; joint venture products are expanding and are expected to access the capital market; companies have a strong profit-making base business with high growth rates and power cells are moving into fast-track research institutes
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.