Lines are up all the time, and the powered lithium steps are in the harvest period -- 2019.
The company published its annual report for 2019. In 2019, the company achieved $6,412 million in operating income, its profitability increased significantly, and its financial data were excellent: $6,412 million in operating income in 2019, an increase of 54.36 per cent; and the net profit of the parent.
The sales rate for Tibet Billion Latitude Holdings Ltd. has improved significantly, and the R&D rate has remained the same. The net interest rate of the company was 23.74%, an increase of 10.6 percentage points from the same rate. The net operating cash flow of the company in 2019 was about 1,139 million.
Income structure (2019a) Lithium ion and lithium polymer combination batteries Lithium primary batteries
In the last six months, stocks compared to the depth of 300, generated revenues of $1.892 billion in 2019, which is a year-on-year increase.
The company’s estimated 70-80 million sets of batteries were delivered throughout 2019, driving the company’s Lithium original battery operations up to Litjil. The other part of the original battery’s application was intelligence.
Tables show that the number of tenders for national grid smart meters has risen significantly, and we expect the market to be about 80 million in 2020. The company smartlists account for 60% of the original battery business, and the power storage capacity of lithium is expanding rapidly, and in 2020 it will enter the harvest period.
The first reporting date: November 27, 2018 has continued to grow considerably. We expect the power reserves to be able to harvest basic production with lithium ion batteries, and the increase in capacity utilization has now increased the profitability of the business.
The 3.5gwhlfp capacity under construction is expected to be operational in the second quarter of this year (with a slight delay in the impact of the epidemic). The company is expected to have more than 4gwh of the lfp battery this year, and there will be a significant increase in storage applications. The company also has a soft-pack capacity of about 3gwh, which began to be released in bulk at the end of last year.
In the second half of the year, the production of a package of batteries will be built up in Daimler, the supplier of modern Kia. The company’s powered lithium power business is officially entering the harvest period. tws demand is on the string, and Macwell’s investment returns are stable.
The company’s small lithium ion batteries have also grown significantly throughout the year, with rising production capacity, customer structure and profitability improving significantly. The company’s tws headphone battery has been configured earlier and is now entering the international major consumer electronics supply chain and will benefit from downstream tws
Meanwhile, the major international competitor, varta Europe, has been hit by the epidemic, with high-value gold bean batteries or favored by large international customers. We expect the tws headphone battery to receive more than $500 million in 2020.
In 2019, the company recognized a return on investment of $822 million, of which Macwell's performance increased at a very high rate, achieving a net profit of $2,185 million, and is expected to contribute about $821 million. The McWall product has certain barriers, deep binding with high-quality downstream customers, industry regulation and labelling.
In the next six months, we will maintain the company’s “uptake” rating. The downstream demand for lithium batteries is not as high as expected, and the company’s power cell capacity is not as fast as expected.
The new customers of tws bean batteries and power cells are imported less than expected, and the author of the electronic tobacco industry Sun Ke-yee, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is independent and objective in a diligent and professional manner.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.