The company published its annual report in 2019, and in 2019 it earned $6,412 million, an increase of the same amount.
47.35 per cent; net profit on maternity is 1,522 million yuan, an increase of 166.69 per cent compared to the previous year. Operations are generally up and the overall volume is up and up, as expected.
Lithium primary battery operations generated $4.52 billion and $1.89 billion respectively, an increase of 43.4 per cent and 57.6 per cent over the same period;
The company ' s net return profit increased by 166.7 per cent over the year, which is in line with expectations. Performance of 2019q4 was slightly disturbed. 2019q4 achieved net return profit of 363 million yuan, or 44.8 per cent below the ring, due mainly to a slight decline in the value of the battery business (O4 total Māori).
Cash flows were robust and cost management as a whole was good. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2019 were $1,139 million, an increase of 162.4 per cent, and cash flows matched the net profit growth rate and performed well.
Dollars, mainly for layout tws, tpms, three-dimensional square power cells. We believe that the tws headphone market is in a state of outbreak, that the implementation of tpms' mandatory installation policy will lead to a clear and long-term upward trend in the new energy sector, and that the outlook for the corporate layout is clear and forward-looking.
The company issued a forecast for the first quarter of 2020 that the net return profit is expected to increase by 20-30% over the same period, and remains in the context of “the impact of the epidemic on McVeil and the pressure on performance caused by factors such as the suspension of work in the Qingmen area for more than 40 days, the impact of the epidemic and the implementation of equity incentives”, which is the result of a series of measures to increase the performance of the company.
Looking forward to 2020, the company’s tws bean and power cell operations are more resilient and growing year-round. We believe that tws headphones will drive the company’s consumption of lithium ion batteries to continue to grow.
Long, corporate power cell operations will be phased out and performance will be at high growth rates. We expect companies to have advantages over companies, maintaining corporate “recommended” ratings. tws operations will not expand as expected; new capacity will not drive as much as expected; new energy sources will not.
Vehicle requirements are not as high as expected; e-smoking policy risks. Figure 3: Cost rates for the company ' s q1 four-period period (%) Table 2: Investment projects for which the company proposes to issue equity funds in a non-public manner