High growth delivery expectations, better profile and better structure Company reports 2019 with operating income of $6,412 million for the reporting period, an increase of 47.35 per cent over the same period; Target period: 12 months
In 19 the net return to the mother grew by 166.60 per cent, net profit increased by 162 per cent over the same period after deducting the return on investment The company's business was driven by high performance growth of 2019, driven by the McWall, lithium cells (etc batteries, etc.) and lithium ion consumption batteries (triple cylinders, small 3cs, etc.).
Total lubricant of $1,522 million, of which $820 million (+170 per cent) was invested in McWall, representing an increase in the price of the second half of the profit of the etc battery, leading to an increase in the gross profit rate of the lithium cell by 4.2 pct; and 3) an estimate of three dollars McValq2 operating better, with robust growth expected throughout the year.
Production fell in the first quarter because of the effects of the epidemic; demand remained high due to the properties of the electronic smoke, downstream orders improved significantly in the second quarter, and Macwell’s emissions recovered rapidly as the domestic epidemic improved.
In return, overall business performance is relatively robust in 2020. q1 performance is forecast: q1 performance meets expectations, positive year-round performance. Lithium cells are steady and steady and year-round 2020 performance is expected.
The high growth of batteries and tws was the main driver of growth in 2019, and the wireless coupled application era created huge space. 1) extrapolated 70 million sets of batteries in 19 years, while the whole of 2020 was still the year of the U.S. Dollar Securities Research-Binds of Lithium (300014) event:
At about 30 million sets, combined with the replacement of smart meters, it is expected to maintain a steady growth of lithium. 2) High Maori tws headphone battery q4 delivers three stars, demonstrating the effects to boost client growth, and the epidemic’s short-term demand impact does not change the trend.
The power cell has improved its profitability, and the load ranking continues to rise, and in 2019 the company's lithium phosphate battery is expected to increase its gross profit rate by 5 pct and triple-pack battery batches by the beginning of the year.
The profits from power cell operations have improved. 1) From the billions of latitudes (i.e., the new material in the Lake North Golden Spring, lithium and part of the Trinity cylinders), operating revenues of 2,554 million yuan (+41.1%) were realized in 19 years, and net profits have continued to rise to the fifth level. The total load of 131mwh in 2020q1, ranked sixth in soft packaging.
27mwh, ranked fourth, with q1 orders left intact because of the main product ' s offshore pattern. 3) Ifp is more competitive and is in a profitable position. In June of 20, it started to produce 6gwh, which should be modern. After several years of accumulation, the company ' s power cells are already in place.
Power cells will be the next growth pole for companies with strong competitiveness. Power cell customers are not expanding and selling as much as expected, expanding and using less than expected, e-smoking sector policy risks, overseas epidemic impacts, and new domestic energy policy risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.