Shin Yishan Signal Journal, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz) are coming along, and the wings are growing.
The long-term growth logic is underpinned by the long-term barriers of September 17, 2021. After years of deep-seated operations and strategic layout, companies built a unique and scarce network of logistics services called Skynet+Landnet+Info, building up a high-rise network of logistics services.
In recent years, the company has maintained a high rate of growth, a robust traditional business, a new business, a rapid expansion, and a stronger pricing power through technological empowerment. In the future, the company’s four networks of accommodation have gradually released, new business is expected to slow down or even reverse, and the airport’s production is expected to expand further.
Market data: On September 16, 2021, the industry maintained its high profile, and the company is expected to benefit from the development of quality. The logistics industry is vast.
\triangleright highest/minimum in \triangleright year: The space for integration is huge and it is expected to lead many integrated logistics in the future.
The epidemic accelerates the shift in consumption to the line, and as consumption habits change, the country's social consumption line, the market value of the share in circulation (billions):
Higher penetration rates are expected to increase further; (2) at present, the power suppliers are the main drivers of the country's express delivery industry; (3) regulatory policies are tightened and markets are expected to move towards orderly competition and high quality development, and in the future, the capacity of integrated logistics services will win prices for businesses.
Continue to refine the product matrix and build up a comprehensive and integrated logistics service. Timeline: The company’s most fast delivery: the output sunk and the two-net growth space after the network has been set up is large; Fast: has crossed the Māori profit/loss balance point and, with the volume of goods growing, is expected to be profitable and zero-loaded.
The potential for business growth and integration is high, and fast-track operations are expected to be a major business growth point for companies; Cold-transport: The company's cold-chain logistics is early, network coverage is clear, and a full-networked flag is set up by the joint summer roll; International: Together, Gary Logistics is perfecting the strategic layout of international operations, and the two sides are expected to build on each other's complementary strengths.
China, China, China, 28 San Lixi Street, Beijing, west town.
International Center, 7th floor, chain: the company's vast data and industry experience in its diverse business has pre-existing advantages, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Technical barriers, by reference to the big players in the international integrated logistics industry, the future share of corporate supply chain revenues is still subject to short-term pressure during input periods and marginal improvements in performance. We believe that companies are in a marginal improvement phase: first, companies are re-examining resource investment and strengthening fine-tuning controls.
In the run-up to the season, the company's four-line facilitation project will increase production capacity at the receiving, transfer, transport, and distribution stages. The utilization rate will gradually release the scale effect, which will lead to a sustained increase in corporate profitability and support overall improvements in the company's performance.
The firm determination to compete, the rapid growth of the company's electricity suppliers, the rapid rise in the revenue ratio, the significant impact on the company's Māori industry, which we expect to see in the second half of the year when the power suppliers' express prices will be reduced and the economy will rise; at the same time, when prices eased, the market will be exposed to the price traps that have plagued the company.
In addition, market price wars have eased and shifted to high-quality development, consistent with a development strategy that is consistent with the long-standing capacity for high-quality integrated logistics services.
Investment proposals: The company’s traditional business is profitable, new business is expanding rapidly, and as the product matrix continues to improve, the company’s capacity for integrated logistics services is increasing, and it is expected to support sustained growth in its performance. Without production at the Australasia airport, the four networks of in-depth digital technology, the company’s barriers to competition are expected to grow.
Overstretched expectations; less advanced than expected in the construction of the Orzhou airport; less than expected in the construction of the quadruple network.
In 2002, the company established its headquarters in Shenzhen, moving from a union to a straight-line system, and defined the location of mid-to-high-end products. During the SARS period in 2003, high-speed purchases were made, taking advantage of the opportunity to work with the Yangtze River Express, chartered five aircraft and became the country’s first private courier for air transport.
After 2009, the company further built its own air fleet, and, after increasing the quality of its medium-to-high-end products, gradually became “quick” and “just-in-time” aliases. After 2014, it was able to clear the terms “quick” and “on-time” to transform integrated logistics service providers, actively opening new operations such as fast-moving, cold-chaining, city-to-city, international, and supply chains.
Figure 1: Accommodative stock development: a competitive lead in 2009
We're out of South China, we're in business, we're starting a new country in 2010.
The start of the start-up period, the strategic transition period, the main attack on the Pearl Triangle.
Founded a headquarters, loaned to the market in 2017, and co-operativeed into the country.
The founder of the first chartered aircraft is well-controlled, and the direct camp model led by Wang Wai has absolute control, ensuring the company’s top-down strategic unity. According to the 2021 report, the founder Wang Wei holds 59.3% of the company’s shares indirectly through Shenzhen Mingde Holdings Development Ltd. and is the company’s actual controller.
During the early days of its creation, companies expanded rapidly through the use of a federated system, which quickly covered the entire country, but as the scale expanded, the disadvantages of the federated system also became apparent: the number of conglomerates, their quality was uneven, their headquarters was less binding, and it was difficult to guarantee the quality of the company’s services. Thus, the company began to regain control of the federators until it established its headquarters in Shenzhen in 2002, and the company announced a shift from a federated to a straight-up system.
Shun Fung is the first of the shareholdings to be a direct-line delivery company, with the express delivery network and core resources, consisting of receiving points, transit sites, backbones, aviation hubs, aircraft, transport vehicles, staff, etc., under headquarters control, thus ensuring strong and effective control of the entire network.
We have two modes of operation for couriers. Unlike direct companies, which are self-employed in sorting and trans-shipment links under the federating model, the direct-account model, which is represented by Hondo Fong, and the integration model, which is represented by the Tonto-Song system, which is “the central-sub-routine and the end-of-the-line network” and is managed by the company itself, the package and the distribution of the package are carried out by the federators.
Figure 3: Accompanimental business model, Figure 4: A smooth business model, a strong regulated business model
By contrast, the federated system is able to expand the network rapidly at lower costs, with low-cost space for a large drop in the price of express tickets, and is well aligned with price-sensitive low-end power suppliers, because the network is built without significant corporate investment.
In contrast to the high cost of direct site management and financial costs, which make it difficult to detect low-end power suppliers at a unit cost of $3-5 as if they were a straight-line system, there is a fundamental difference between the location of the easy-to-reach and the product base of the straight-line system, with companies positioning high-end markets, and customers mostly not price-sensitive, but rather time-sensitive, and security-sensitive. Under the straight-line model, headquarters is well placed to control the various links of the express delivery network, which ensures quality and timeliness of service.
The results of the 2020 Express Service Satisfaction Survey, published by the National Postal Service, rank Shun Fung first in the overall level of Express Enterprise satisfaction and first in the 12 consecutive years, with Shun Fung all ranked first among the time-bound indicators.
1.2 The Three-Net Ones re-assembly asset-building barrier. The three-Networks built a comprehensive logistics service network, “Skynet+Groundnet” after many years of subconscious operation and strategic layout: a “Skynet” based on a full cargo + dispersed + drone, a vast network of terminals, transit distribution networks, intensive dry line layouts and a rich land transport network.
It's a “ground network”, built by big data, block chains, artificial intelligence, machine learning, smart equipment, and so on. “Three networks together, with uniquely scarce vast network resources, are the core competitiveness for building high barriers in the industry.
So far, it has grown to be the largest freight carrier in the country and the largest owner of domestic air cargo. The largest freight carrier: currently, only three couriers in the country have air cargo fleets, emasculate, ems, and circulars, of which there are 93 cargo routes, 569 pilots, 258 flight hours, covering 54 large and medium-sized cities in the country and multiple international destinations.
Between the beginning of 2021 and June, the company introduced five full cargo aircraft, bringing the total number of its own cargo aircraft to 66.
Lines for cruises and jets, full cargo, line for cruises and jets.
Table 4: Comparison of self-employed fleets of courier companies (one unit)
Air cargo is the largest cargo owner: with the advantage of Skynet resources, smooth air shipments rank first among all freight carriers, and their share in total air mail transport across the country is increasing, with 2,021h1 companies delivering 89.42 million tons of air cargo, an increase of 14.3 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for about 10 per cent of the company ' s express traffic, and 33 per cent of the country ' s total air mail transport.
The Auzhou Airport will further enhance its capacity for air cargo transport. The Auzhou Airport is referred to as the “Ouzhou Lake Airport” and, according to the National Development and Reform Commission's report on the feasibility study for the construction of a new civil airport in Ho Hoi County, the project has invested a total of $32,063 million, consisting of airport engineering, transit centre, and Shun Fong Air Base works, which are financed in part as shown in the table below. The airport works include two long-distance parallel runs.
The airport is expected to be operational between the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022, and will be built to match the index, which will be “Memphis, China.” Fedex has chosen Memphis as its freight hub, mainly because Memphis is located in the center of the United States geography, with two hours to cover almost all of America’s central cities, and the Memphis road, rail and water network is developed and can be realized.
By contrast, the Australasia Airport, as the national geographic hub, has a 1.5-2-hour flight circle that covers 90% of the country’s economy, 80% of the population, 1,000 km of radioactivity from Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, the middle of the Yangtze River, and the five major urban clusters; and, at the same time, it has formed an integrated transport network across roads, railways and waterways, which is an ideal logistics hub.
We believe that, with the construction of the Okhu airport, Shun Feng has built a national, radiation-global route, changing the past “point-to-point” mode of transport to “axis irradiation”, and that companies will benefit from the following: 1. As a result of the natural geographical advantage of Okhu State, it is possible to optimize the route as a transit station and to extend the coverage of the time-limited products;
The “axis irradiation” model concentrates cargo to the hub airport and then from the hub to the national destination, which allows for the replacement of narrow body machines with broad body machines, achieves higher load rates, further increases scale effects and reduces unit costs; 3. smooth transport of approximately 59 per cent of cargoes through passenger aircraft and 41 per cent from full cargo aircraft, but the civil aviation airports of Shenzhen, Hangzhou and others have scarce resources at all times.
At this stage, there is no dayfall. The Orzhou airport, as a specialized cargo hub, will provide a great deal of quality when it is built, making the cargo “that day arrives” and redefining the product of a flexible prescription.
In terms of network strength (to ensure comparability of data, the year 2020 data is selected), it is less accessible in terms of the number of network points (consistency-based natural attributes) than in transit centres and main line transport vehicles.
The service network, covering both the sea and the interior, revealed that the company had approximately 21,000 self-employed sites covering 335 local and 2,848 district-level cities throughout the country, according to the 2021 mid-point report, and that the international marker, the international preferential package covered 78 countries and areas, and the international purse covered 225 countries and territories.
A total of 129 semi-distributed terminals, representing an increase of 8 from the previous year ' s end, were located in the middle of the sector, with heavy land routes and considerable scope for railway development: some 68,000 vehicles were owned by the company 2021h1 with its own and outsourced trunk lines, some 120,000 were connected to the backbone, and about 110,000 vehicles (not including motorcycles and two/three-wheeled electric vehicles) were received at the end of the period; 91 high-iron-covering cities were opened with 541 vehicles.
In 2020, two-hundred and eleven companies, in cooperation with Sino-Turkish, piloted the first recovery engine unit in the country to load fast shipments, in addition to international operations in Central Europe in cooperation with the companies of Xian, Yiu, Xinjiang, etc., where there is wide scope for future rail transport development.
Twelve, which cover the entire country, can provide customized supply chain solutions in a number of industries, including 3c, lull, food cold chains, medicine, etc., and build the poles of storage service capacity; the company’s subsidiary’s two-way supply chain, with 161 additional warehouses, can be used as a elastic complement to its own storage resources. In addition, the company has 15 offshore warehouses that provide one-stop supply chain operations for imports and exports.
The company responded positively to the industry's 14th Plan and the new infrastructure policy by building “intellectual logistics” parks and “technology and innovation” parks, providing clients with a full range of warehousing, logistics, business flows, information flows, and financial flows packages. As of 2021h1, the company had issued 53 industrial parks in the first 53 cities of the Agency, with a total of 2.04 million square metres of building space, projected for the next three years.
Information network: A smart web platform that allows for autonomous research and development can cover the company’s business lines, achieve full-link connectivity in logistics, and form the basis for intellectual development of the Department’s diverse operations. Companies focus on cutting-edge technology development, moving forward with big data, block chains, artificial intelligence, clouds.
The application of advanced technologies, such as computing, in the company ' s operations, to enable it to make business decisions based on big data, to achieve the efficiency of the three networks of companies, and to build the firm ' s indestructible industrial barriers.
The company’s operating income increased from 57,483 million yuan in 2016, and its net profit fell by 4.50 per cent. In 2019, the company launched its preferential portfolio, which led to a return to high growth in its performance.
The size of the net profit on maternity has also remained low. In 2020, it was in a deep price trap, and although the volume has remained at a high rate, the growth rate of operating income slowed significantly, with some companies moving upwards, while the net profit on maternity declined equally. The product class was better, the product class was relatively less affected by the price on the basis of the pass rate, and the net profit on maternity increased. 2021H1, with net profits on corporate parent return.
The more pronounced decline is the result of an analysis in section 5 of this chapter. Figure 16: Comparison of net profits of major courier companies to their mothers (millions of dollars)
During the first half of 2021, on the one hand, the company completed an optimal upgrade of the system of prescription products, upgraded the standard ground transport products that were part of the express-traded block to a new generation of smooth-flow fast products, and retroactively adjusted the data for the same period last year by the new calibre, bringing the business income to 46.161 billion yuan, an increase of 6.50 per cent. On the other hand, the company continued to open the market for electricity and the economy.
The scale of operations has grown rapidly, with the economy of 2021h1 generating revenues of $14.890 billion, an increase of 69.16 per cent over the same period, a continuation of the high growth trend, with companies growing by 40.37 per cent over the same period, and with a further increase in the city’s share. Meanwhile, new operations, such as fast, cold, same city, international and supply chains, continue to exceed 48 per cent of revenue growth, optimize the corporate product structure and further strengthen the capacity of integrated logistics services.
According to the divisional report, in 2020, the fast-moving divisions (including statute of limitations, economy, cold transport, medicine, international) had net profits of $8.99 billion, Māori rate of 19.0 per cent, net interest rate of 6.7 per cent, Māori rate of $910 million, business efficiency continued to increase, Māori rate of 0.6 per cent, close to the profit/loss balance point, and other divisions (including co-city, supply chain, new summer, dhl, etc.) had net losses of $1.06 billion, mainly due to joint operations with the city.
2021h1, net profit from the fast-moving branch is 978 million yuan, with Māori rates and net interest rates falling by 12.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively, compared with 2020; the fast-moving branch has lost 580 million yuan and Māori 1.3 per cent, which has crossed the profit-and-loss balance point; and the other branches have achieved net profits of 100 million yuan and increased Māori, net economic and new business ratios, which have led to a decline in corporate Māori ratios.
The company’s Māori rate has been declining as a result of a significant increase in volume, which has led to a decline in the company’s single bill revenue, and a slower pace of growth in the relative volume of the company’s output expansion, which has forced the public division to purchase large amounts of external power, resulting in higher costs of outsourcing. Management rates and sales rates have continued to be optimized, while R&D rates have remained stable.
Upgraded scale effects and management efficiency gains brought about by science and technology, smart input, continued optimization of management rates, convergence of scale effects with technological empowerment, overall decline in company sales rates; 2021h1 largely influenced by new lease guidelines and increased borrowing, and rising corporate finance rates. Meanwhile, corporate research and development costs were ahead of industry, with $1.742 billion in corporate R&D costs in the first half of 2021, a 37.38 per cent increase, far higher than the 37.38 per cent increase.
On the inside, firms keep building up their science and technology chassis, overhauling their management and operating systems, and transforming their overall digital systems to achieve efficiency gains and business intelligence growth; on the outside, firms build up their science and technology products and export mature logistics solutions.
Figure 21: Corporate sales rates (%) Technology empowerment, enhanced bargaining power for product services. Companies emphasize data and technology service companies with independent third-party industry solutions, which in recent years, after entering the market with new players, quickly acquire a single and market share through simple, crude low-price strategies, and the market share of head companies is difficult to keep.
It is therefore difficult to obtain better pricing rights on a scale-by-scale basis alone. The advantage of smoothness lies in data technology, where companies, with their increasingly sophisticated business systems and product systems, have deposited large volumes of market data and customer data, have acquired market rights through the widespread use of digital solutions and digital science services, based on greater price control by bringing more value to their customers. As of the end of June 2021, companies had artificial intelligence, big data,
The scientific frontier areas of robotics, object networking, logistics maps, etc. have been pre-emptively configured, with 3427 patents acquired and declared, and 1,892 software copyrights, of which 57 per cent are patented, with several sectors leading. Figure 25: Horizontal comparison of R&D rates (%)
Corporate assets and liabilities are lower than international giants. In recent years, corporate assets and liabilities have remained relatively stable, largely close to 50%, compared to international logistics giants such as Fedex, ups, and corporate assets and liabilities at lower levels. 2021h1, corporate assets and liabilities are higher than at the end of 2020, and corporate capital expenditures have been dominated by fixed assets, mainly around automation equipment, premises, vehicles, aircraft, etc. From the main fixed assets.
The book value shows that smooth houses and buildings and transport equipment are second only to medium, and that the machinery and equipment are not prominent, but that a smooth self-builder has no comparable advantage, that a strong control capacity under the camp model is built up in a robust time-bar barrier, and that, therefore, the positioning of products and services is different and less influenced by the price battles of access.
With the diversification of the company's operations and the diversification of the company's network types, there are four networks of fast-moving, fast-moving, allied, warehouse-net networks, including small pieces, petty loads, heavy loads, whole-cars, etc., that cover a full-kilogram section of fastware, the timeliness and requirements of services are increasingly diversified.
The complexity of operating controls on the entire process has increased further. The company has found that it is not reasonable to operate on its own networks in the past. Specifically, the time frame for the company ' s traditional speed network is high, and even if the company has set up an independent speed network, some of the time-bound fast-moving products still need to be transported through the speed network, resulting in a reduced efficiency of the speed network, particularly with regard to transit and receiving end pressures.
In addition, with the growing size of the network, the reuse of resources will help to reduce efficiency gains. In this context, the company proposes the overall concept of a four-way transport facility, which is “two-end, one-stop, one-stop” – that is, client-oriented recipients distinguish according to the nature of the service and the standard of the service.
To ensure that clients have different perceptions of services, lines and sites are integrated, with feeder lines, main transport lines combined, direct routes, evening buses advanced, thus increasing loading rates and timeliness: in the area of the site, the speed net, the speed net, the federated network, the warehouse network are built as much as possible with the park area, the product lines are consolidated in the three or four-line cities where there is a low volume of goods, and the bulk points are built together.
Large-scale operations have changed the mix of sizes and have improved efficiency: second, fast-carried river protection by increasing the frequency of dispatches: third, in places not accessible to other networks, large networks have been used to spin the bottom, thereby optimizing the benefits. In the first half of 2021, the company launched a full-scale four-line facility in more than 100 cities across the country, and the bulk of the express delivery of the fast-moving network was largely achieved and fast-tracked.
With the integration of four networks of resources, the company’s capacity is expected to be released gradually in the second half of the year, while the company’s new business is expected to gradually decrease or even reverse.
The industry maintains a high profile, and the company is expected to benefit from the development of the quality of its 2.1 industry, which is wide-ranging, with rising consumption penetration on the feed line and a large future integration space for our logistics industry. In recent years, China’s logistics demand has grown steadily, and the industry has maintained a high profile.
Between 2010 and 2020, the total cost of our social logistics increased from $7.1 trillion to $14.9 trillion, with an increase of 7.7 per cent in cagr, along with an increase in the level of modernization of our logistics, with significant efficiency gains in the industry. Between 2010 and 2020, our total cost of social logistics decreased from 17.2 per cent to 14.7 per cent of the total cost of gdp.
According to the report, the total revenue from logistics operations in 2019 for the top 50 logistics firms in 2020 was 1.1 trillion yuan, but in 2019 China accounted for only 10.7 per cent of the total revenue from the logistics industry, with low concentration and large integration space. Supply chain management has matured as the logistics industry continues to develop, and many integrated logistics leaders are expected to emerge in our country in the future.
In the post-epidemiological era, the country’s express volume has been growing at a high rate. Express, as a key segment of the major logistics market, is home to hundreds of millions of cagr, about 41.48 per cent, with the bulk of the express volume stabilizing in the world. In 2020, with the exception of one quarter of the delay in reworking, the monthly rate of increase was higher than in the same period in 2019. 2021q1, under the combined effect of the industry “spring in” and the low base for the same period, the country was finished.
According to the National Post Office, as of 1 June, we had over 40 billion deliveries, seven months ahead of our first 40 billion delivery in 2017 and two months ahead of 2020, and it is expected that the volume will exceed 95 billion items for the entire year. Under this high volume base,
The country’s express traffic continues to grow at a high rate, indicating a huge scope for industrial development. Figure 33: Single-month express service volume by 2020 (billions, per cent)
Sales accounted for 25% of the total. In 2021, the country’s epidemic was normal, with a slight drop in Internet penetration, but there was still a rise compared to the pre-epidemiological period, and, in the long run, the penetration rate on the consumer line is expected to increase further as people’s consumption habits change.
During the epidemic, consumer retail businesses accelerated the expansion of online distribution channels. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2020, the consumption of goods in kind network increased by 30.6%, 5.8% and 16.2% in the consumption of goods in the same manner as in the consumption of goods in the same category. On the scale of sales on the line, clothing and footwear, daily goods, household electricity, and products in the 3c category are among the pre-sale categories, accounting for more than 50% of retail sales in the total physical network.
According to Alibaba and Kyundong, about 80% and 70% of the new users in 2020 came from the sunk market, respectively, and started with more agricultural businesses, with agricultural by-products at $270 billion in 2020.
Trustdata data show that in 2020, the number of active users of power-market platforms was 51.8% in the three-line and suburban areas, and that the sunk market will be the largest consumer potential of China as the power-market platforms accelerate their penetration into the three-line cities. In 2020, the country’s rural network retailed 1.79 trillion yuan, an increase of 8.9%.
The market is expected to deliver dividends on a sustained basis, supporting the rapid growth of courier operations. Figure 37: Urban ranking distribution of “double 11” active users in 2020.
According to the United Network Development Statistics Report, as of June 2021, China had 384 million live electricity users, an increase of 75.24 million, or 38 per cent of the total number of Internet users. According to the Bimawi Ali Institute, the market for live electricity providers in China was estimated to be about 1050 billion yuan in 2020, with a penetration rate of 8.6 per cent.
In December 31st, the Gmv produced more than RMB 400 billion in the 12 months of the year; in 2020, according to ciecc, Gmv was calculated to be $381.2 billion and $170 billion, respectively. The epidemic is accelerating the growth of the electricity producers, and the market is expected to break out by trillion. As consumption rises, the population has access to high-quality and healthy foods.
Demand has been growing, fresh food has been popular in recent years, and the new crown epidemic has given further impetus to the emergence of the raw electricity business, which in 2020 grew by 64.0% from a market of 45,85 billion yuan in China. According to Irey's consulting projections, the size of the market will break out by 100 million annually as the raw electricity provider develops.
With the rapid integration of recent years, the country’s fast-moving market pattern has become clear, with two-line firms largely clearing up or moving to other areas of disaggregation.
With only a few headlines remaining, the industry volume reached 83.2 per cent below the calibre in 2020, starting at 2020q4, and the number of incoming polar rabbits has grown rapidly. According to statistics, the average daily volume of polar rabbits passed 20 million at the beginning of 2021, with a rough estimate that the rate of H1 city reached 7.3 per cent, the total volume of operations was clearly divided by polar rabbits, and the 2021H1 industry, cr 7, was about 88.2 per cent, with a high market concentration.
As a result of the homogenization of electricity-traffic products, the industry is in a state of trouble, leading to price battles, and the price of the express ticket continues to fall. The industry price war was particularly intense in 2020, and we believe that there are three main reasons: the first is that the epidemic caused delays in the resumption of the bus system and, after the outbreak, the firm is eager to make up for the loss of the previous period, thereby accelerating the seizure of its share of the market; and the second is that the national free highway policy was implemented during the epidemic, which was free of charge and delivered by expressway.
The sharp drop in the cost of losing has given firms more scope for lowering prices; the third is the entry of new players at very low prices, which has led to a tightening of regulatory policies and high-quality developments in the industry. As prices have increased steadily since 2020, competition in the food-producing areas has become hot, low prices are being dumped, targets are being set, fees are being dropped, fines are being imposed, etc.
On 6 April 2021, the Postal Administration of the city of Yiu issued a warning letter stating that the terminal was dumped at a far lower price than the cost and that on 9 April, a partial transit centre was ordered to be shut down. On 22 April 2021, the Zhejiang Government, at its 70th Standing Meeting, considered the adoption of the Xijiang Expressing Promotion Regulations (draft),
Express delivery operators are not allowed to provide express delivery services at lower than cost, e-commerce platform operators are not allowed to use technology, etc. to block regular courier services, platform delivery operators are not allowed to prohibit or restrict the entry of other couriers under unreasonable conditions.
On 23 June, the Ministry of Transport and the National Post Office, among other seven departments, issued a joint publication entitled " Towards the Legal Protection of the Rights and Interests of the Commissary Group " .