Stereo-dial logistics breakdown of track, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz) accelerating progress towards the digital supply chain age
Hing Fong Holdings: The country's leading integrated logistics provider optimizes its emerging business and speeds up Wang Jingjin's access to the digital supply chain track. As of August 2021, HS Holdings had more than $100 billion in total assets.
The mid-2021 data show that new businesses outperform the core business, the statute of limitations + asset + brand barrier, which builds the moat. 1 statute of limitations: the statute of limitations barrier brings a reputation for brands, and the status of the two heads is strong. The bill of limitations cost more than $20, Māori.
Thank you very much: Ningse has a high rate of about 25% and is more profitable. Future growth in the volume of statute of limitations is expected to be maintained in the two-net model of the Union, a full-scale service provider market. Three years of compound growth in the volume of economics.
In the context of shared wealth, the changing environment for the development of the express delivery industry, the market expansion of branded gene-favourable “nets” will be steadily increasing, with market penetration and profitability steadily increasing. Emerging business: diversified business layout, with a break-down of track prospects.
The largest zero-weight fast-moving network. The road zero-load fast-carrying market is trillion-scale, with companies in the lead, close to the profit-and-loss balance point, and is expected to make a profit in the future. 2 Cold-carrying industry: “Food + Medicine” product system. The cold-chain market is nearly $400 billion in size and continues to grow.
3 Associated with city operations: advance-on-time distribution industry, developing future prospects. Immediate-on-time operations: building cross-border supply chain systems with international couriers as a starting point. Cross-border logistics markets are close to 3 trillion, and cross-border power suppliers logistics markets are about 500 billion yuan. Companies complete acquisitions of Garry logistics.
After that, the revenue will exceed $30 billion. 5 supply chain operations: cut into the digital supply chain track, open up more than $10 billion a year, and have huge long-term development space.
1. Increased consumption penetration on domestic and foreign lines, the evolution of the electricity vendor model and the advancement of a common wealth strategy.
Driven by the expansion of international, rural, cold-chain and other segmented express delivery markets, the speed of operations in the express delivery sector will be around 30%. China's logistics market is expected to have trillion-mega-level efficiency space. The digital supply chain is the ideal solution. The size of integrated supply chain logistics is $2 trillion.
By business model and core competitiveness, it is divided into supply chain integrated logistics enterprises, supply chain traders, and supply chain integrated advisory and value-added service enterprises. We believe that future integrated logistics service providers and logistics Internet enterprises are more competitive and have the potential to transform into leading digital supply chain service providers.
Our view is different from that of the market: the express delivery industry is gradually entering a competitive stock phase, the industry is becoming more numerous, and the high growth dividend of the company’s main business is either disappearing. We believe that the company’s statute of limitations business is strong, and the dominance within the industry will continue to be preserved.
At the same time, companies will further reduce the cost of implementing a “four-net” strategy, and firm-stereo-mapping logistics will break down the track, accelerating access to the supply chain incremental track, with significant future growth space. As individual track resources are put in place, they will be able to achieve economies of scale, and after the nurturing phase, performance will be expected to occur ahead of time, with companies performing well or exceeding market expectations.
We use the three-stage fcff model for the company's valuation analysis. In this model's parameter assumption, we consider that the high growth of the express logistics industry is expected to continue and that new paths such as international logistics and supply chains will be opened further.
The expectation is poor. Adding the recent firm’s share prices to the relative low, we look at the company’s follow-up performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
(i) Company profile: leading domestic integrated logistics provider Houthi Holdings Ltd. ("Shoose Holdings" and "Corporates") is the leading domestic courier logistics mix
In 1999, Shun Feng completed the transition from the association model to the direct camp model. In 2002, Shun Feng completed the reform and established its headquarters in Guangdong Shenzhen.
(ii) Equity structure: equity structure is centralized and effective control is developed
Mr. Wang Wei is the company’s real controller, who holds 59.3% of the shares held indirectly by Shenzhen Mingde, the company’s first shareholder, and nearly 60% of the stock held by the first real owner, as can be seen from the concentration of the company’s ownership structure, which effectively controls the company.
Apart from the first major shareholder, the remaining shares are held by Shenzhen for investment, Ningbo-Shun-Yun-Yun, the Hong Kong Central Clearing Authority, Yuan-Wu, and other investors. The company’s main subsidiaries and participating companies include Hondo Air (aviation capacity), which is smooth and smooth (quick) and Guangdong is smooth (quick).
(iii) Financial overview of the main business units of the company: increasing share of emerging business, positioning the lead in building integrated logistics
Performance performance: After a loss in the first quarter of 2021, performance in the second quarter of 2021 showed a trend of improvement. In 2020, corporate income was +37.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profits were +26.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and performance in the context of the epidemic was excellent and largely in line with expectations. In 2020, companies achieved operating income of $14.4 billion, compared to +37.3 per cent in 2019 (112.93 billion on a year-on-year basis).
In some cases, the cost of the company ' s equipment assets is higher than before. 2021h1 Māori is 10.1 per cent, office space savings, increased intelligence, and increased economies of scale, with lower corporate management costs before comparison. 2021h1, with 1.34 per cent of company ' s Roe, and short-term pressure on profitability.
In the first half of 2021, the company’s seven major business plates: timeliness, economy, fast transport, cool movement, and combing, international, supply chain segment revenue as a percentage of total operating income increased. Thus, the company’s strategic positioning to build integrated logistics has become more inventive.
(iv) Corporate advantage: a well-developed logistics network infrastructure, leading air cargo, sufficient resources for all links at the end of the trunking and logistics infrastructure network site + warehouse: rich land reserves to provide site security for warehouse construction. As of the end of 2020, the company had signed a contract
The total area of land is 8721 acres, of which 6.11 million square metres are planned and 1.72 million square metres have been built. A total of 228 separate self-contained warehouses (154 electrical stores + 62 food cold warehouses + 12 medical stores) have a total of 2.78 million square metres. 146 confederated warehouses have a total of 2.08 million square metres.
Figure 10: Land area contracted by the company 2016 - 2020 Transit stations + sorting equipment: perfect transit hub system as a guarantee of efficient sorting. By the end of 2020, the Division ' s express delivery network had a total of 10 hubs + 39 air and rail stations + 147 sector transit sites
Vehicle + Lines: The company’s fleet of vehicles is well equipped and the transport network is gradually improving. By the end of 2020, the company’s main line had 58,000 self-employed and outsourced vehicles, with a total of 105,000 vehicles at the end of the line and a total company main & feeder line.
By the end of 2020, the company had 19,000 self-employed sites, with a total of 390,000 employees in various forms of employment. The company had 50,000 urban sites, town agents and other businesses.
At the end of the partnership, the town has a coverage rate of 87.35 per cent. Ton'a technology has a 280,000+ hangar network, a platform with 4.1 million registered couriers and nearly 350 million consumer users.
The company had 78 full cargo aircraft (64 owned + 14 leased) and 83 full cargo lines as at the end of 2020. As many as 32.8% of the fleet had an absolute advantage in the industry.
As a result, the company has an industry-wide lead in terms of shipping resources. The proportion of all-cargo/dispersal shipments has increased year by year, and the company’s aviation capacity has continued to increase. As of 2020 h1, the proportion of all-cargo shipments/dispersal shipments was 52.14 per cent/47.86 per cent, compared to the previous period.
Given the advantages of full cargo transport in terms of its propriety, autonomy, flexibility, etc., and the fact that it has a more robust air capacity for companies. Airports: four major aviation logistics bases, “point-to-point” directly covering the entire country, providing a high-prescription guarantee.
Air logistics bases have been set up at the hubs of each airport, Hangzhou (Shawshan Airport), Shenzhen (Boaan Airport), and Chengdu (Swicestream Airport). With four aviation logistics bases as hubs, companies have been able to launch “point-to-point” flights directly with major cities throughout the country.
See, Hondo's aviation logistics base resources are a strong guarantee of the company's time-bound nature. The Ozhou airport is now operational, and the “point-to-point” will be converted to the “axis irradiation” that will further boost the timeliness.
The company signed a joint venture contract with Hubei International Logistics Airports Ltd. to finance participation in the establishment of the Hubei International Logistics Airport, which covers 90 per cent of the country's economy by a limited number of hours. With the Ozhou Airport coming into operation, the previous “point-to-point” network model will be converted to the “axis” mode, i.e., cargo.
The "axis irradiation" model has the advantage of (i) increasing the use of large aircraft, (ii) increasing cargo loading, (ii) reducing the number of flights, and (iii) reducing the payment for aircraft stops at other integrated airports.
The cost of ground services, 4) the full functionality of the Orzhou airport hub and the enhanced transit capability will further enhance the efficiency of the transit. As can be seen, the introduction of the Orzhou airport will further enhance the competitiveness of the company’s statute of limitations.
1. Optimize the product system “Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot” with high-time service quality barriers The company upgrades the time-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot-Foot system, etc.
It was delivered that day, covering 191 cities by the first half of 2021; it was fast: most of the city's main urban areas could be delivered on the second day and some cities could be delivered on the following morning, covering more than 90,000 country-wide flows; and it was fast: the standard land transport products that were originally part of the Express were upgraded to a new generation.
Timeline type covers business correspondence, high-end electrical appliances, personal bulk, etc.. The main service of the company ' s statute of limitations product is in three customer scenarios: business document delivery, high-end electrical service delivery, and personal bulk transport. Because of the high demand for the three types of customers, the company optimizes the selection of modes of transport depending on the distance of transport, and transports within 800 km for short distances.
Loss, mainly by road freight, while long-range transport over 800 km is mainly by air. Long-term posture. In 2020, the company ' s statute of limitations business plate generated 66,360 million yuan, compared to 2019 (56,521 million dollars) and the cost of the statute of limitations bill was approximately $22 per ticket.
The level of the unit price is about 25%. In 2013, the company has not yet started operating its economy business, while the emerging business portfolio has not started to scale up. We assume that the total Māori rate of the company in 2013 (24.9%) is the level of Māori for the public sector. Considering that there have been no fundamental changes in the business model of the company ' s statute of limitations business, it is projected that there will be no fundamental changes in the business model.
Timelines form a two-fold market pattern, with companies in a relatively stable position. Timeline markets: smooth, ems in a 90% pattern, cr2, and the effect of Kyoto logistics entering the timer market is relatively limited.
As can be seen, we now have a smooth, ems double-heading pattern in the express delivery market, which stands at about 90%. While logistics in Kyoto is also starting to operate high-time fast-mail delivery services, there is a big difference between the model of integrated warehouse-based operations and smooth, ems, which used to be warehouse-based.
Logistics entry into the timer market has a relatively limited impact on the market share of comfort and ems. As a result, the current timer market concentration is high, and smoothness is one of the two main players, with a significant share advantage.
In summary, the business has a more competitive advantage and is currently characterized by a more stable market pattern, relatively stable prices, a higher Maori rate, and a more positive correlation between future growth in the business volume of the statute of limitations and economic growth; (ii) the economic component, a two-net model of “direct camp + union”, a full-scale service provider market
The company’s economic portfolio consists mainly of three product lines: electric trademarks fast, preferential franchises and high-speed grids. The electric trademarks are fast becoming the new power vendor under the company’s direct brand.
The product runs, 83% of the line time limit is raised by one day; the preferential proprietary product is located in a silo, and the timeliness and pricing criteria are slightly lower than the electricity mark. The high speed of the network is a stand-alone brand of companies that develop a sink power provider market and are fast-tracked with the fed.
Thirty products, clothing shoes, jewellery, perfumed products, milk powders for mothers and children, small household appliances, etc., have been broken down. The company has entered into a logistics service agreement directly with its customers in three main ways: 1) with Le Bird, and then with the third-party power company platform of the Ali Group, such as a treasure-hunting group; 3) with zero.
At the same time, companies actively take advantage of the opportunities offered by industrial innovation, integration and the development of new power suppliers, covering the incremental market opportunities for down-flowing, fast-drawn rural and agricultural upscaling.
The combined growth rate is +43.88%. Thus, with companies using a price-concession strategy to exchange flows, and under the two-net business model of the “ Straight + Alliance” , the company’s electronics business network has expanded rapidly and has grown rapidly in scale.
As of July 2021, the courier industry had dropped to 80.8. The current pattern of price regulation and the weakening of rabbits continues, with the share of frontline head companies remaining relatively stable for the time being.
The requirement for safeguards, which is 0.1 dollars for a fast-forward transfer, also reflects a common wealth strategy in which bad prices will be the focus of attention, where the competitive environment in the express-forward sector has changed substantially before, and where the level of industry returns is expected to rise. In this context, the “favourable” line of business under the Consistency flag, along with the "forward-forward-forward" service, is a network of allies, but of good quality.
With the branding effect of service levels, the “fiscal network” is given a competitive advantage different from that of the TNS. As the overlap between the network and the company’s direct network is further addressed, the development pace of the “fiscal network” will be further accelerated.
In general, the corporate economy, based on a multi-level electricity market, will gradually compete directly with the Tonto Express, which will continue to grow at a relatively high level of activity, will continue to grow at a rate of around 25 to 30 per cent in the industry, and will gradually reach the trillion-grade market in the future.
Price behaviour will be monitored and monitored, with changes in the development environment of the electricity vendor Express sector.
1. The complete system of heavy cargo transport products, which cover each weight segment, is rich in fast-moving products.
There are four sub-areas for large zero fares (500 kg-3t) and for whole-car transport (3t-10t). Thus, the company ' s fast-moving product lines cover each of the weight segments of the fast-moving market.
Direct battalion + Accompaniment two-way fast-tracking mode, with China's largest zero-load fast-transport network using a two-way-line model. The direct battalion fast-carrying network is oriented towards the mid-to-high-end fast-carrying market, operated under the company's banner, and the federated network towards the low- to medium-end fast-carrying market, acquired by the company in March 2018.
The two networks operated by "Swiss Express" are managed by the same management of the company. The company’s Express and Express operations have a two-net model of “ Straight-line + Alliance,” which is accompanied by two-way and fast-carrying webs.
The company owns China's largest zero-load fast-cargo network. As of 2021h1, the company's fast-tracked transit sites totalled 192, the fast-tracking sites totalled 1,600, the area of the fast-moving sites totalled 3.9 million square metres, and the number of fast-carrying stations with vehicles exceeded 19,000.
According to data published by the ICU, the market is ranked first in 2020, and the market is 15.97 per cent in Top30.
See, for example, the size of a company’s fast-carrying operations has been expanded to an intra-business leader based on a two-way network of “direct battalion + union” operations. Considering that only 40% of the total number of top30s, cr3, the concentration of the industry, is low, the market for fast-carrying zero-load logistics, in general, remains a fully competitive market and has not yet formed a monopoly.
Fast-tracking gains of over 50% and revenues of more than 10% were the top three. In 2020, the company’s fast-tracking portfolio was achieved. 4. In the context of the strong countries’ strategy, the road zero-load logistics market had wide scope for development. The road zero-load logistics market was nearly 3 trillion in size, with a complex 15% increase, and the market was objective. In 2020, the country’s roads were zero.
The size of the logistics market reached 2,733.4 billion yuan, compared with 10.87 per cent, and the five-year composite growth rate for 2015-2020 was +14.86 per cent. In 2020, our road cargo volume was 34,290 million tons, the same as in 2020, and the five-year composite growth rate for 2015-2020 was +1.71 per cent; in 2020, road freight turnover was 60,144 million tons, compared with 0.85 per cent.
Figure 31: China ' s road cargo volumes and changes in the same ratio between 2015 and 2020 Overall, the road zero-load fast-cargo market has a trillion-degree size, there is wide scope for future development, the company owns a China-led zero-load fast-cargo network, and the city is in the lead.
Step-by-step improvements in profitability, close to the profit/loss balance point, and promising future profits to companies. (ii) Cold-lift operations: “Food & Medicine” product system, leading the industry by two products: “Food & Medicine” and increasing capacity of cold-chain logistics services
In August 2018, after the company had completed the acquisition of 75% of America’s shareholdings, the company began to operate from 2018 to the present.
The Cold Transport Block has been strongly strengthened by the operation of the “Singy New Summers” (Singy New Summers' operating income is accounted for in the company's supply chain business section, as detailed below). The ratio of raw rations, food cold chains, and medicine cold transport is 4:1.
Bida 2/3. Other cold foods (mainly fresh foods using dry and cold coal, including cow milk, steaks, etc.) account for 1/6 per cent, while medical cold transport is increasing the capacity of company cold-chain logistics services. As of 2021h1, there are 35 cold-food banks (excluding them) in smooth and cold transport.
A total of 201,000 square metres of cold storage in the new summer, covering five temperate areas for personalization options for customers: 159 food mains, 23,000 plus refrigerated trucks, 200+ custom-made packaging solutions, services to 193 cities, opening 3619 flow, covering 1,052 districts and districts, and mapping a smooth and cold transport network covering the entire country.
Figure 33: The area of operation of the company ' s cold bank and medicine cold bank in 2016-2021h1 as of 2021h1, with a total of 50 main lines for the company ' s medical transport, an increase over the previous period, has been somewhat related to the increase in the company ' s operations for the delivery of seedlings in the context of the epidemic.
In this context, companies have established a leading position in the market, and for their future.
The company cold-ship business has grown at a combined rate of 48% over the past five years. 2021h1, the company cold-ship business plate, at $3.7 billion, is now rising, contributing positively to the company’s performance growth.
The global demand for new crown vaccines is in the growth path, with the continued development of the company's cold-chain logistics market for nearly a year, with a large future growth potential of nearly 400 billion yuan. In 2020, the country's cold-chain logistics market rules will continue to grow.
The model amounts to $373 billion, +9.9 per cent, and the four-year composite growth rate for 2016-2020 is +13.98 per cent. We believe that, at this point, the cold transport market is still in its nurturing phase, and that there is still much room for growth in the cold transport market in the future, as the demand of the population is upgraded and the industry’s rules are increased, as well as for better integration within the industry.
Figure 38: Chart of the cold-chain logistics industry chain, Figure 39: Size of our cold-chain logistics market and changes in comparison, 2016-2020
Overall, there will be a steady increase in future cold-chain logistics demand, driven by rising consumption and higher demand for agricultural products. Companies now receive less than $10 billion in cold operations, and there is very much room for upscaling, and as the network of cold-chain logistics grows, companies will grow in size and grow in size.
1. Immediate distribution market, covering the "b2c+c2c+b2b" scenes.
In 2020, “Soon Toyako” in-house hatched the stand-alone food distribution brand, “spill food”, to serve the business team food distribution.
In 2019, according to the Erie advisory data, we had 70%, 12%, 10%, and 8% of the country's ready-to-use distribution market, respectively, catering, fresh fruits and vegetables, retail facilities, and other errand services, while catering and out-of-school sales were still the most important immediate distribution scenes.
The market share of hummingbirds in the instant distribution market was 43.0%, 23.7%, and ranked first and second, respectively, with a combined share of 67% of cr2.
The market presents a significant feature of the dominance of catering outlet and double-hatting, with smaller order sizes and a share advantage. Figure 41: Our current-time distribution industry pattern is indicative of billions of yuan, compared to 77.1 per cent, and the three-year composite growth rate of cagr from 2017 to 2020 is +104.48 per cent.
Birds still do not have a full monopoly on all sub-sectors in the immediate distribution market. As the conglomerates deepen further in each sector, there is still room to increase their share, and the size of the harvest is expected to rise further.
To sum up, the size of the instant distribution market will continue to expand, with companies now having a relatively low market share, which is expected to increase if it is driven by a reasonable market strategy. Given that the transformation is still in the process of nurturing, it is expected that the profits will be realized.
(iv) International operations: the construction of cross-border supply chain systems using international couriers as a starting point 1. The company's international business product system is rich and dedicated to providing supply chain solutions for imports and exports.
International electricity dealers deliver goods such as couriers, international electricity dealers’ mini-packs, etc.. Comfortable international operations are committed to providing easy and reliable international couriers, international power providers, international freight forwarders, international freight forwarders, international warehouses, bulk carriers, etc. for domestic and foreign manufacturing firms, trading enterprises, cross-border power providers, and consumers, with tailored access to transport, customs clearance, distribution, warehousing, systems, etc., depending on the customer’s demand.
2. International logistics networks cover major global markets, and international operations are steadily increasing. International logistics networks of companies cover major global markets.
Out of 78 countries and regions, in the first half of the year, the new openings included eight new flows from Thailand to Europe, from China to South Africa, and from Brazil to China.
The company’s international operations grew significantly in 2020. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, air freight demand was high in 2020.
International business performance, such as corporate international fastware, was remarkable, with revenues of 6 billion dollars, an increase of 114 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2021, the overall cross-border logistics market was wide, and the high growth of cross-border electricity suppliers led to a proliferation of markets; the cross-border logistics market was close to 3 trillion, and the cross-border electricity suppliers logistics market was about 500 billion yuan.
Analysis shows that cross-border e-commerce has grown at an annual rate of nearly 40% in recent years. Cross-border power suppliers account for 20-30% of cross-border electricity traders' transaction costs. The cross-border logistics market, calculated in 2020 as a broad range of 10 trillion tons of electricity suppliers in China, is about 2-3 trillion. The ratio of the market size of the b2b to b2c cross-border power suppliers is 80% and 20%, respectively.
According to the new statistical caliber set by the Customs Administration, our cross-border electricity suppliers imported and exported 1.69 trillion yuan in 2020, and are estimated to be about $500 billion in the cross-border electricity supplier logistics market (b2c caliber). Our international express delivery market is over $100 billion. In 2020, our international and Hong Kong Express market generated revenues.
10.734 billion yuan, or 1.840 billion coupons, representing an increase of +27.78 per cent. In 2016 - 2020, the four-year compound growth rate of our international courier revenue was +25.77 per cent.
According to data on the prices of tac air cargo, on 20 August 2021, the prices of Shanghai-North America, Shanghai-Europe air freight were $7.8 per kilogram, $4.47 per kilogram, hyena ring ratio + 6.27 per cent, -4.89 per cent, compared to +53.24 per cent and +29.94 per cent respectively.
In the medium-to-long term, the country’s cross-border power suppliers’ logistics industry is growing rapidly, with large market space.
In conclusion, under the new crown epidemic, China is actively pursuing opportunities to optimize manufacturing, and high-priced Chinese manufacturing products will enter the global market in the future, with a strong logistics demand and a trillion-dollar cross-border logistics market. Companies are now building up a rich system of international logistics products, with a gradual increase in the international logistics segment of the track market, and future performance is expected.
(v) Supply chain operations: access to digital supply chain tracks, opening up vast growth spaces 1. Acquisitions to learn from the experience of advanced global companies, and entry into digital supply chain markets.
The full product matrix and integrated logistics service capabilities in the urban and international fields of operation, combined with the mixed M & As H & As (formerly “sufficient dhl”) and the new summer sprang have a wealth of leading experience in the supply chain, which has infiltrated the full supply chain of procurement, production, circulation, sales and after-sales in a wide range of industries, providing customers with an end-to-end with industry-specific characteristics
One-stop supply chain solutions. Figure 54: Supply chain logistics industry chart Logistics companies (3pl)
Supply chain operations are still in the nurturing phase, with a fast-growing volume of revenue under contract logistics, with a smooth supply chain ranking of 13. According to the Rogo study, in 2019, our contract logistics Top25 companies were ranked among the top providers, such as Tokyo Logistics, Angie Logistics, China and abroad.
The supply chain is ranked 13th. Under the strategic positioning of the company's “soft supply chain integrator”, the three major dnas of “standardization + digital + productization” guide the future position of the company within the industry as the supply chain business plate expands further. Figure 55: Size and evolution of third-party logistics in China, 2013-2019
The growth rate in corporate supply chains is at a high level of growth, and there is scope to expand the scale of future collections. In 2020, the supply chain industry collected $7.1 billion, or 44 per cent more, and in the first half of 2021, $5.29 billion, or 79 per cent more. 3. Logistics markets have trillion dollars and quality-efficiency space, and digital supply chains are the ideal solution.
In 2020, China’s logistics costs amounted to 14.9 trillion yuan, or 14.6% of the gdp. In the United States of America, it is 8%, assuming a 12% ratio, that China’s logistics costs will fall by about 100 billion degrees.
Third-party logistics and supply-chain penetration levels have further scope for improvement. According to Quest Research data, out of our total social logistics costs of $14.9 trillion in 2020, outsourcing logistics (third-party logistics) was 6.5 trillion yuan, or 43.9 per cent, and integrated supply-chain logistics was 2.03 trillion yuan, compared to third-party goods.
Figure 59: Expenditures and penetration rates for China ' s integrated supply chain 2015-2025e Overall, implementing supply chain management can reduce transport costs by 5-15% and the operating costs of the entire supply chain by 10-15%.
Models and core competitiveness are divided into supply chain integrated logistics enterprises, supply chain traders, supply chain integration advisory and value-added service enterprises. We believe that future integrated logistics service providers and logistics Internet enterprises are more competitive and potentially transformed into leading digital supply chain service providers.
(iv) Profit forecasting and valuation analysis: considering that the company statute of limitations consists mainly of three parts: business correspondence, high-end electrical goods, personal bulk, etc.
In view of macroeconomic stability [price]: Given the continuing trend of low-price competition in the express delivery industry, it is assumed that in 2021-2023, the price of the company ' s prescription bill was split. [Māori rate]: the company began to develop its economic portfolio in 2014, so the company ' s business structure in 2013 was largely single-timed.
Given that, at the end of 2021, Oxy State Airport was in the early stages of operation, and faced with a shift in route, the company's statute of limitations rate may have been temporarily reduced, but with the release of Oxy State airport capacity, the company has gradually adapted to the “axis irradiation” business model, and the Maori rate may have increased significantly, assuming that in 2021-2023, the company's statute of limitations rate was 24.5% and 24.5% respectively.
[volume]: The company’s economy business consists of three components: general economy, preferential franchise, and grids. For the general economy 22%, 20%, while for preferential franchise, network operations, taking into account the large margin of penetration by electric power providers, it is assumed that the preferential franchise is set at a single price of $7/vote, $7/vote, 6.5/vote, and the single price of “webnet” products, respectively.
Not $2.5/vote, $2.3/vote, $2.2/vote. [Māori rate]: Māori rates have fallen in view of the current increase in prices in the electricity vendor express industry, which is squeezing for profit.
Assuming that two components account for 70% and 30% of the fast-moving operations, respectively. Considering that the fast-moving market (the zero-load road market) increased by +10% in 2020, considering the “four-line” strategy, the firm's bottom line was improved optimally and the fast-moving plates benefited significantly.
Market 40 pct + 50%. [Māori rate]: In 2020, the company’s fast-moving plates were largely balanced in profit and loss. After the “four-line integration”, the fast-carrying trunk line was installed.
Considering that the cold transport market grew by +10 per cent in 2020, and considering that the company imported fresh and fresh operations that were hit by an international epidemic in 2021, it is assumed that the company increased its food cooling by just over 10 pct, or +20 per cent. For medical cold transport, the demand for vaccines remains high as the global epidemic continues in the short term.
Assume that the company’s cooling operations are also growing at a rate of +20%. [Māori rate]: From 2020, the company’s cooling operations are largely at a loss. [Māori rate]: As of 2020, the company’s business with the city was still at a loss.
The company, as a newcomer, is more difficult to break out of the competition in the industry. Thus, we believe that in the next three years, the company faces the challenge of losing business with the city.
q1-q3, the growth rate of the cross-border electricity vendor industry (Customs) is +50%, and the high growth properties of the industry are highlighted in the context of the epidemic. No. [Māori rate]: as of 2020, the company ' s cross-border business was positive and profitable. Considering that with the company ' s best business [Māori rate]: as of 2020, the company ' s supply chain was positive and profitable.
Given the high growth characteristics of logistics operations and the optimistic expectations for the level of profitability of the plate, it is assumed that, for 2021-2023, the company ' s profitability projections and valuation data are as follows:
Dots will be opened further, with new potential growth points by 2030. The absolute valuation sensitivity analysis will be detailed in table 13: Timeline express demand below expected risk; risk from express price battles; and expansion of production capacity from new business incubators.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out research on investment in the transport sector.