Water scarcity drives growth in the main sector and returns on investment are positive - Yangtze power reported in mid-2024
The net return to the mother was 11,362 million yuan (excluding 11,370 million yuan), compared to 27.92 per cent in the same year (deduction of pottery, mainly due to a decrease in the financial cost rate of 4.08 pct to 16.23 per cent).
Gold currents of $22,984 million, or 8.38 per cent less than in the previous year, mainly due to an increase in the electricity charge due from the beginning of the period. Water overflows drive growth in the main sector and yield on investment is positive: 24h1, total water from the Utund reservoirs of 100 million cubic metres, or 19.67 per cent more than in the same period of the previous year.
Liang Yunan, with a total power generation of about 12.618 billion kWh, increased by 16.86 per cent. Of this total, 2,892 million kWh were generated by 24q2, an increase of 8.79 per cent; this was affected by improved water and lower fuel costs, north of the lake.
Energy, Gui Cao Power, Yunnan Power Company for the Development of Water and Water in the Midstream of the Yunnan Sha River, and Shin Eun's shares have each contributed to the full release of the continuous water improvement and six-bureau mix, and the projected level of electricity generation of 24h2 is still positive: in the case of the three gorge reservoirs, the average inflow and outflow in July 2024 amounted to 32,122.6 per cent, respectively.
In addition, following the infusion of the Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations in April 2023, the company was upgraded from a “four-bureau” to a “six-bureau” and in 2023, the ladder power plant saved 12.13 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually, accounting for 4.4 per cent of the company's total electricity generation, considering the water deficit since 2023.
The benefits are not expected to be fully realized; in 2024, water from the basin will gradually return to normal, and the efficiency gains from the co-location of Utunde and White Crane Beach power stations will be better demonstrated. Focusing on the integration of water and light storage, pumping energy will continue: companies are insisting on strong hydropower.
At the same time as the main industry, the high-quality layout pumping energy storage operation. 24h1, the Zhejiang roof pumping power plant (1.7 million kilowatts) officially initiated the preparation of electricity production, and the water pumping power plant (1.2 million kilowatts) was celebrated as having completed investment decisions, while the power station for pumping water from the Guangcheng in Hunan Chi County (1.8 million kilowatts) had completed its shareholding.
(a) A relatively deep 300-degree picture of transformation and investment decision-making, with a larger share of savings. 1. [Galaxy Environments for Public Use] company comment _ Yangtze Power (6009000):
q3 shows a significant increase in performance, and there is still room for improvement in the six-bureau pool 's profitability.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.