Restatement of the value of the configuration at a time when the water-improvement-led performance growth has been historically high: the company released its mid-2024 report, which achieved business income of $34,808 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.38 per cent over the previous half, a net return to the mother, an improvement in the water coming from the mother, and a drop in the price of electricity, which is expected to be related to the power generation structure.
During the same period, 16.86 per cent increased; however, business income increased by 12.38 per cent over the same period, which led to a slight decline in the price of electricity on the Internet. In terms of the structure of power generation, Liu Xiaoning’s first six months of power generation increased by 25.36 per cent, 16.98 per cent,
Of the $13505231,233,21.58 per cent, 10.91 per cent, 18.35 per cent and 3.43 per cent, the three isthmus power stations with the highest weight but relatively low electricity prices increased at a significantly higher rate than the company as a whole, with a certain drag on overall electricity prices.
Financial costs were reduced by more than expected and investment returns grew steadily. After the asset injection was completed, the financial costs fell and the return on investment grew to an increase in corporate performance of $135,552,70004
Cash flows are long-term “big forwards and outs,” and debt swaps significantly reduce interest spending. The company’s equity law for the first half of the year accounts for investment earnings of $2.56 billion, equivalent to $2.0 billion, is the main drag on performance, and the announcement is interpreted as donor spending and warehouse maintenance spending.
From the dcf model, the price of equity assets depends fundamentally on a combination of profitability, risk-free interest rates and risk premiums, the latter two being the most important factors influencing the broad-based index increase or decline. We can see equity assets as a non-fixed over-term credit debt, and the discount rate of equity assets can be broken into risk-free gains.
Rates, spreads with no-risk rate of return on credit debt (the short term credit spread) and spreads with a discount rate of equity relative to the rate of return on credit debt. This round of large-scale market returns began at the end of 2020, and by the end of June 2024, the 10-year rate of return on public debt fell from 3.3 per cent to 2.3 per cent.
For the market as a whole, the equity rate of return has significantly expanded over the yield spread of credit debt, exceeding 2.2 pct. However, within equity assets, different asset fundamentals have different degrees of correlation to macroeconomic fluctuations, leading to a third spread of different assets, with a split of spreads, which can benefit from risk-free interest rates and narrow credit spreads, provided that the spread is less than 2.2 percentage points.
In the case of hydropower, because “macro-economic fluctuations do not affect rainfall fluctuations”, there is no basis for expansion of the premium on hydropower risk in the context of the expansion of the broad-based index risk premium. Further, based on market value and equity cash inverted rates, the implicit discount rate for Yangjia electricity fell from about 10 per cent in 2020 to 7.1 per cent in June 2024 (50 billion in volume).
This results in a reduction of 2.9 percentage points in equity cash flow ($700 billion in market value). Instead of expanding, the margin spread between the implicit discount rate of Yangtze power and credit debt has been reduced by 0.7 percentage points.
The point of \triangleright is an accurate reflection of my personal opinion about the securities and issuers.