In the first half of the year, the Utunde reservoir had a total of about 36.660 billion water.
In the first half of the year, a total of about 12,618 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) was generated from the six elevator stations belonging to the Ministry of Justice.
16.86 per cent. Specifically, Utund/Rake Beach/River/Dam/Three Gorges/Gega Dams do not complete the electricity generation capacity of 138.19/220.21/256.20/143.36211/855 million kWh, and the performance of the Power Uplifting Support Company is growing rapidly.
In the first half of the year, the company took over all of the power from the Yangtze River. In the first half of the year, the company took over all of the power from the Yangtze River.
(a) Station maintenance, with zero unplanned shutdowns and safe production of “two zeros” for the crew after handover;
Investment decisions. Overall, the company is moving ahead in an orderly manner with pumping energy. The PVs were further upgraded. During the first half of the year, the company carried out the main role of operating a base-based investment operation, adding four PV stations to take over. The PVs were further upgraded as of June 2024.
At the bottom, the company has taken over 21 optical-voltage stations with a total installed capacity of almost 2.65 million kilowatts, and has made steady progress in international operations. The company has continued to consolidate its control over the Peruvian company Luddes, completing the merger and purchase of the Peruvian sapphire wind power project, and creating a chain of “distribute-sale” industries with Santa Teresai water.
The power station and the arrrow photovoltaic project together form a pattern of water-wind complementarities, source-net storage. The meta, which corresponds to pe 23 times, 21 times, and 20 times, respectively, maintains a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.