Charleszhuang Mansion, mega-stock zhejiangjuhua (600160.ch) benefits from the refrigerant long-winding climate, high-end fluorine products
The company’s total fluorine refrigerant quota is an absolute leader, the dominant variety and the dominant position. This is the company’s advantage, with greater initiative and operational space. The company will be proactive and prepared to create better conditions.
The company currently has a total production capacity of 190,000 tons (130,000 tons of the Ministry, 30,000 tons of Shandong, 30,000 tons of the United Arab Emirates) and is building 30,000 tons, which is expected to meet its production needs.
\triangleright Development of some cooling fluid in the cold market, based on expectations of rapid growth in the aerospace, military, semiconductor, integrated circuits, information industries and artificial intelligence, and new energy sources, continues to increase research and development investment to accelerate the development of products and applications of high-performance fluorinated materials.
The Division has an output layout for such products as fluorinated resins as modified ptfe, electro-grade pfa, fap, pvdf, perfluorosulfate resins, fluorine rubber (with peroxide sulfide, perfluoroether rubber, etc.), hydrofluoroether series, perfluoropolyether series, etc. Research and development innovations will continue to be increased in the future to enhance research and development of new products, specialized varieties, new applications, etc. In the area of data centres, multiple fluorinated material products will be required, for example.
Fluorine resins are used as electrical and signal wires, tubes, or coatings for processing, and are used exclusively as seals. Fluorine refrigerants are used as cooler or cooler coolant applications, r227ea as fire extinguisher applications, hydrofluoroethers and perfluoropolyethers as leaching cooling, accelerating the development of four generations of refrigerant products.
\triangleright fluorine refrigerants are mainly the hfo-1234yf, hfo-1233zd varieties. Of these, hfo-1234yf is capable of producing to 10,000 tonnes/year and is expected to reach the level of full production. Furthermore, the Gansu megachemical program has built up 35,000 hfo-1234vf (multi-processed route) per year.hfo-1233zd
Depending on the market for blowing agents, production is not as high as expected. In the current alternative development route, the mainstream is not the direct application of hfos and substitution of hfcs for Hfcs, but a mixture of hfos, hfcs.
In the current two largest consumer markets (house air conditioning and automobiles), for example, according to the National Institute of Statistics, production of room air regulators and automobiles continued to grow from 2022 to January-July 2025. Although our real estate has been in a downward cycle in recent years, production of room air regulators has increased steadily. 22,243 million in 2022, compared to 1.8 per cent;
Ten thousand units, +5.1 per cent of the year, were under construction; the demand for refrigerants was below expectations.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
, with 30,000 tonsunderconstruction, expectedtometeproductiondemand.playouth-endapplicationproductssuchasliquid cooolinganddatacenters.asaleatingmedmesticfluorine \triangleright
The company's developing positionisnotonlycousedondevelopingacentataintypeof coolantintheliquid cooolingmarket, utalsoontheexpactionofflapiddevelopmentindustriesses aerospace, military, semiconducator, inforformentcircuit, informindustry, artificial Intelligence, andnewenergy.it.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Hedrogenfluoride eterseries, perfluoroleyetherserersandotherproducts.inthefuture,wewillcontinuetoinforesearchanddevelopmentnovation,stretheotheresearchandvevelopmentationsofproducts,specializedvarieties,new
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who can't do it, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
- 1234yf (multiprocessroute).hfo-1233zdwasaffected by thefoamingengentmarket, resultsinlower-than-expectedproditionandsalesvolume.romthecurrentdedevelopmentpathofalternatives, themainstreaming
Fluorinerefrigerantsisnotthedirectionofhfosasasingleworkingfluidplaceplacefcs, butamixedproductcontractingbothfosandhfcs.what'siffer
I don't know, the floorinerefrigerantmarkemaintainsgoodgrovetttreend. taking the worldlargestconsumermarketkeys really (householdairconditioningandautomoles) asanexample, accordingtodatafromfortationalbureau of stateistics, theproductionofroomairconditionersdautomolesinchinawillcontinuetogrotromjanary
Tojuly 2022 to 2025. despitethedownturninchinina'srealestatemarketinrecentyears, the productionofroomair condiatorsinchinascontiniedtodicadtodicaddienalunitsin 222.473 millionunitsin 2022, ayear-on-yearrincreaseof 1.8 per cent; 244.87millionunitsin2023, ayear-on-yearrincreaseof 13.5 per cent; 265.984millionunitsin2024, ayear-on-yearear
"According company", the companyisgivenpeof 19xforfty26, with pof41.04 yuan.weinitiatiewith "accumulate"Rating.
Projectsunderconstructiondidnotmeetextactions; refrigerantdemandfallshortotextations. Industry, covering mainly the chemical and new materials industries.
The companies covered include: East Yoo Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, China Fertilizer Group, China San Feng Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Group, China Union of Plastics, Pura Lin Sungshan, Migau Group, China Petroleum Chemical Group, China Xuyang Group, and Colour Player New Energy.
Source, Skychemistry, Science and Culture, etc.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take it easy on me.
I don't know, it's time for me to go to school, but it's time for me to say: 6 to 18 months disclaureofinterests (1) theanalystsand theirassociatesdonottserveasandofficeroftheissuementisthisresearchreport.
(2) thealystsandtheirassociatesdostoonyovenyfinciancionalinterestsindérationtotheissuementationintsresearchreport. (3) globalprosperitysocialcompanimationedand/oritssubsidiariaesdosothordealtoortoormorethan 1% ff themarketcapacitationof themissualizationintsreresearchreport.
(4) globalprosperityfinalcompanymitedand/oritssubsidiarieshavenothadinvesmentbanking_relativeships with the issuermentedinthisresearchreportwithintheprecipreding12months. (5) globalprosperityfinalsocialcompanymitededand/oritssubsidiaresareotma makingamarketin thesecuritiesinrespectospetorisseuer
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, group sofglobalprosperityful company, since it's time to find out what you're doing, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm going to be able to do it.
2025globalprosperityfinal company.allrightsreserved. unit 2301, 23/f. 308 centraldesvoeux, 308 desvoeuxroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong