The three-quarterly review of the mega-stocks in 2025: the high refrigerant climate to enhance company performance, the forward-looking layout of the fluorinated materials product
Incident: The company published its three-quarterly report in 2025, during which it achieved business income of $20,394 million, as a result of the company's initiative to undertake major repairs in the light season of the industry, with non-refrigerants such as fluoropolymers, basic chemicals, etc., in a downward climate. As industry leader, the company owned 271,000 tons of refrigerants of three generations.
The equity quota, which is 34%, is the highest for the main varieties of R32, r125, r134a, etc., and fully benefits from the higher prices.
fluorinated material products forward-looking. The company's forward-looking new material area, for long-term development, has mastered the core production technology of the fourth generation of refrigerants, while accelerating the pace of gentrification < < extreme Thai > , and the company's performance is expected to follow the cooler.
The project on new chlorofluorocarbon-capable materials, with an additional 50,000 tons of Hfos capacity planned to strengthen the future fourth-generation refrigerant industry climate recovery >--2024-05-10 < < Refrigerant industry policy in place, the company is expected to welcome
Alternative advantages. Emirates base capacity is gradually released, and the share of the overseas market continues to grow. New products such as high-purity pfa, to the point of performance >--2023-12-01 electronic hydrofluoride are entering the industrial phase, and companies are the few countries in the country that have achieved electronic fluorinated fluids.
Industrialized enterprises, such as products covering hydrofluoroethers and perfluoropolyethers, can be applied to i-server impregnated liquid cold to inject new dynamic energy into future performance growth.
High-scale and forward-looking four-generation refrigerants and other fluorinated molecular materials.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.