HANGING COUNTER (601238) EAN MODEL FURTHER, INSTITUTIONS, Capital FLOWING
In recent days, the Volkswagen Group has issued an announcement on the progress of the full-fledged subsidiary, the E-A-A-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-T, and the simultaneous introduction of strategic investors. The announcement is as follows:
There is still room for improvement as a CEAN valuation: 2,566 million yuan will be financed this time, and the registered capital of Hiromoyan will be co-sponsored by the co-sponsors of the large state-owned holdings that were created by means of the initiative.
From $6 billion to approximately $6,421 million, the participants received approximately 6.55 per cent of the shareholdings. This round is a stock group.
The development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services of vehicles, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, and the import and export of automobile-related products were estimated at an average cost of $120,000, with Eian camp receiving approximately $14.4 billion in 2021, corresponding to 2.7 times the price.
Trade, car rental, second-hand car, logistics, dismantling, financing, comparison of Hong Kong shares of pelican cars, ideal cars and cars, collected on 17 March, regenerative in 2021, car credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring,
Based on consistent expectations (an ideal vehicle for its published data in 2021), the three companies calculated ps 7.0, 6.3 and 5.7 times, respectively, considering that the financing was the first private replenishment for EA, and that a round of financing was about to open and that there was still room for improvement in EA ' s future valuation.
800 staff-owned, state-owned capital inbound: 1) staff-owned and, under the programme, current employee-owned debt and cross-stocking presentations: stock covers 679 employees in the area of GWAE and investments with EAC through the SWI platform
A total of 115 technologists from the Institute of Wide Aerobics hold “up-to-down” shares in the company Eyan through their shareholding platform, the Joo Hao Anjin Investment Partnership (the limited partnership). The combined shareholding ratio of the two employee holding platforms is about 4.55%.
In addition, the Institute’s technologists have consolidated its strong support for EA’s development, especially in the icv 52 week share price zones.
(Intelligent) Area. 2) Introduction of State-owned funds, with the participation of AIT, the Southern Net Dynamics, and the Guangzhou Aian, with a combined 2% share of local state-owned capital. EA’s transformation: EA has been growing at the rate of phenomena since its establishment in 2017.
In 2019-2021, 42,003, 60,033 and 120,155, respectively, sales were made, with product coverage (aions) achieving industry leadership. Since 2021, Eian has been in the organizational structure (building agile organization, streamlining management), technology research and development (quick-loading, long-duration, power-drive systems),
The marketing model (up-to-line and direct distribution) and the integration of research and marketing have all completed a series of innovations and changes. We believe that the location of this employee-holding is expected to further stimulate EA’s dynamism, give EA a unique advantage to the efficiency of State-owned platforms and private enterprises, and help EAan to take off.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: EAA’s mix-up is on schedule, making EAA’s value more visible, while at the same time it will help EAten fly at the institutional and capital levels. The Volatile Group is currently the largest EAA shareholder, still holding over 90% of the shares, and the EAA’s increase in value will be counterproductive.
In view of the medium- and long-term development prospects of the Volatile Group, the net profits of the company for the period 2021-2023 are projected to be 16, 9 and 7 times higher, respectively, and 7 and 4 and 3 times higher, respectively, respectively, with a “highly recommended” rating of the Volatilea and Volatile H shares.
S148052103003 The source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
General Gas Group (601238): Eian mix-up, mechanisms, capital support, M.A. in Management, Li Jinjin Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.