Summary of events: on 17 March, the Board of Directors of the Corporation considered the adoption of the report on the implementation of EA ' s employee equity incentives.
\triangleright and Related Matters Bill, which agrees with Eyan's use of non-public agreement-based replenishments to enforce employee equity incentives, “up-and-down” ownership of EA by technologists at the Institute and the simultaneous introduction of strategic investors.
Staff share-share core talent, “up-and-down” to release business activity. Hiro-Eyan is financing a total of 2,566 million dollars for this replenishment, of which 1,782 million dollars are earmarked for equity incentives, including 679 employees for Hiro-E-A-Aan.
With 115 technologists, with a share ratio of about 4.55%, an incentive coverage of about 20%, and a full mobilization of the company's core cadres and good employees. The BG pioneered the “up-down” holding of shares, giving EA to 115 technologists, which is the BG's “two-hundred-hundred” reform as a state enterprise.
With the full policy dividend, industry is an innovative breakthrough to push for change. As a research and development player in the broad-based industry, the Institute is closely linked to the industry, enabling some researchers to benefit from the two-fold incentives of the broad-based industry and the broad-based economy to maximize innovation.
The financing is synchronized with the ATF, the South \triangleright Network Activism, and the Guangzhou Aian as strategic investors, with a share of about 2%. The ATF is a central enterprise.
State-owned capital operators, linked to the resources and policies of high-quality state companies, to support the development of energy-intensive E-A-A-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-E-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
• Promotion of technical cooperation operations; and participation of Guangzhou Ai An, a fund set up by Guangzhou Quality State Enterprise, led by Guangzhou;
With the completion of the work on employee equity incentives, the Quantico Ein will be launching a round of finance and a stock system 2. The Quick Post of Production and Sales in January:
By introducing strategic investors and a round of financing, EA is expected to open the door in 2022, and EA is expected to continue to grow at a high rate with strategic investment partners that have advantages in terms of resources, markets, technology, etc., working in depth and playing their part in batteries, batteries, batteries, batteries, batteries, batteries, etc.
Broad Gas Group (601238): Super-expected performance, autonomous and manageable advantages of the State enterprise's power-driven industrial chain to enhance market competitiveness.
4. Wide-bond group (601238): Strong sales, mixed sales, effective incentives to boost sales, and Eyan’s valuation is expected to be dry. Eyan, as a wide-bore group, develops electric intelligence and is expected to re-establish the valuation system in the near future.
The core vehicle, relying on the advantages of the group globalization system, is growing rapidly in the new energy “tracks.” 2021. 5. Broad gas conglomerates (6012338): high levels of innovation in autonomous sales, 124,000 Eyon sales, exceeding the annual target of 100,000 vehicles. 22m1aionsplus and continued flights.
The Aionlxplus of 1008 km is now on the market, and Eiyan is expected to achieve a full increase in the volume of long-duration products. In 2019-2021, Eian sales grew at an average annual compound rate of 123 per cent and used capacity in 2021.
At one point, the rate was over 160%. Phase II of the EAN smart ecological plant was successfully completed, with the plant expanding + double. The EA's valuation is expected to break 100 billion on the standard “micropolis” ps.
With a combination of tactics and systems, self-empowerment is expected to become a new growth point for companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright’s methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.