A strong sales performance, mixed with an imminent re-engineering of the valuation system Summary of events: Based on December 2021 sales data released by the company, the December car sales by the Volkswagen Group were \triangleright
\triangleright 10,000 vehicles, +2.18 per cent per ring ratio - 9.62 per cent; cumulative annual sales out of 320,000 vehicles, + 10.3 per cent per year
mpv canopy; gs4plus, gs8 and so forth boosts strong growth. 1.17 million vehicles in December, equivalent to +119 per cent/ring ratio + 14.5 per cent, have been sold for eight months in a row, accumulated throughout 2021, supporting the official listing of fast-filled aionsplus, and on 5 January, three laser radars were re-shipped up to 1008 km.
With the high-end and intelligent upgrading of the Twin Stars, wide gas autonomy is expected to rise to a new price. Both fields are less than cored, and strong product cycles are firmly entrenched as “barrel stones.”
\triangleright \triangleright, of which Kamery/Rayling/Wilanda/Hanlanda contributed 2.72/2.19/1.67/1.8 million vehicles, respectively, equal to 1.
In terms of the missing core, the two fields have entered a new product release cycle, and the two-week order for the "Swiss Sisters" model has broken.
In the future, with a wide-scale electric car e: np1 with a big fang Randa, the whole scene, the technology plus system promotes E-A-R-E-E-R-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-N. In terms of capacity, the two fields are expected to open up a business cycle.
3. Wide Gas Group (601238) research brief: 2014: open-ended project on the expansion of the energy capacity of the Volvo Fiat, Hirot Mitsubishi Energy Vehicle (Four Lines) and the extensive tnga series engine construction project.
4. Volkswagen Group (601238) Dynamics: Toyota, a project to restructure the capacity expansion of 120,000 new energy vehicles per year was also adopted to address the significant increase in sales of the ring ratio for future imports of more new products
The re-engineering of the company’s valuation system is expected to lead to a change in EA’s mix. The re-engineering of EA’s portfolio has led to a significant drop in quarterly investment returns, with a combination of “production and marketing” and a further strengthening of its overall competitiveness.
In 2022/2023, EA will have a capacity of 200,000/400,000, which will be extended to secure orders to support sales. In 2022, the BG will be in the area of new energy vehicles.
The goal of a 15% increase in automobile sales over the year 2022 is constantly being pursued. A strong rise of autonomous Twin Stars has led companies to continue to make a profit, and the Eian mix is expected to re-establish the company’s valuation system.
The system is staggered, and the autonomous rise is expected to become a new growth point for companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright draws conclusions based on a careful working attitude, professional rigorous research methods, and analytical logic, independently and objectively.
As part of this report, it is responsible for the content and views of the present report. It clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific submissions or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.