Hirota Group (601238): Yada and Hirota, self-reliant for high-quality growth.
Incidents: In recent days, Guangbo Group published the February 2022 Expeditions: the company achieved a car sales score of 151,919, 143,464, an increase of 46.16 per cent and 36.47 per cent compared to the previous year, as follows:
(a) Toyota has achieved 56,269 and 50,100 production and sales in February, respectively, in conjunction with the initiators of the large State-owned stock-holding consortium, which was set up on an initial basis.
Toyota ' s high quality is reflected in the increase in hybrid and flagship models.
Trade, car rental, second-hand vehicle, logistics, dismantling, 28.3 per cent of capital, compared to 14.1 per cent in 2021.1-February, the sales of the three major flag fleet models are clearly regenerative, vehicle credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring, etc.
Insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc. (source: Increase in the ratio to the flagship model will help to improve the image and quality of the Toyota brand.)
Highlights for the next three to six months: 60,633, 57,102 in February, 39.52 per cent, 39.06 per cent and 14.2 per cent in February, respectively, for the high-quality development of Honda.
This is reflected in the rapid recovery of production volumes, which, with the chip still affecting, have been high in February of the calendar year. According to our research on the version of the model, and the planning for the launch of the new model, we assume that this year, Hiro will also be in the process of launching new products, such as wisdom, vision, and so on.
New subv, etc. (Details are provided in the In-depth Report Series No. 5: Quality development of joint ventures with EA and EA: 1) EA achieved 8,534 and 8,526 production in February, respectively, and EA’s second-phase expansion of capacity has had a positive impact on existing capacity.
Total equity/flowa unit (millions) is expected to continue to climb with the release of new capacity. (ii) Distribution b/h unit (millions) achieved in February
The sales performance was significantly better than in the industry (according to the Federation, a 31 per cent increase is expected in February in the volume and distribution of cars on the same basis), and the overall recovery in circulation is that large-scale deliveries, such as the new gs8, the leopards and the m8, are still subject to chip constraints. According to the official public, at the end of December 2021, the collective orders of the leopards exceeded 70,000, according to the cumulative delivery.
In the second half of 2022, the production of new products, such as gmc 2.0 and emkoo, was on the way to a full recovery. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the BGG’s sales performance in February was better than the industry’s, and it was a joint venture.
We believe that the corporate joint venture will move into a growth acceleration phase, and that the autonomous module will move into a substantial and comprehensive recovery phase. We continue to look at the medium- and long-term development of the broad-based conglomerates 17, 10 and 8 times the size of the conglomerates, and 8, 4 and 4 times the size of the conglomerates, respectively.
"Very recommended" rating for the Bulcona and Bulconh shares. s1480521030003
Hirota Group (601238): The two fields and the two are self-reliant to achieve high-quality growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Hiroya Group (601238): 2nd and Guangta autonomously achieve high-quality growth, Lee Jin-jin
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.