Volkswagen Group - four quarters ahead of schedule, waiting for the 2022 high-growth event: company ' s 2021 performance forecast, expected to be high in 2021
About 11 to 27%. The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was approximately four quarters of the period over-expected. The company achieved a parent ' s net profit of $1.32-2.32 billion in the fourth quarter, compared to +2.21%.
Growth, with a large-scale toyota, a wide-broad gas autonomous vehicle, and a new Eian energy source performing well. Toyota’s good sales have led to a relative increase in the benefits of investment, while large-broad-autonomous high-māori models, such as gs4,m8, have achieved an equal increase in sales, optimized product structure, and increased profitability.
In 2022, we're looking forward to the end of the dust cycle. We expect to see to it that the bulk of Toyota's sales will be at a turning point, and that the total stock/flow (million shares) will be added to the product cycle that China is about to host, and that will continue to expand over the next two years.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is one of the biggest winners of the fuel-car era across the industry as a whole. Starting in the second half of 2021, there was an expansion of four product lines: the market’s rules, the Sena, the Weibo, and the Piranda.
This has expanded the product line to a new level, and the average price of the four models is now wide, and the average price of the new models will also bring the size of the fleet to a new high level of profitability.
Whitewood's team, in the fuel truck age, has opened a journey beyond the industry -- 2021/12/04. Broad-air E-A-R-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
HMG (601238). Three-quarterly review of the GIG.
Sales rose steadily, reaching 12w sales throughout the year, a significant increase of 101.8 per cent compared with the previous year, with the first aionlxplus officially listed in January 2022, with a continued mileage of up to 1008 km, free of the anxiety of the continuation, -2021/10/31
Added to 2022. Brand name: Leopard Locator to fill production capacity; Wide Gas Group (601238) High-end profit model in Pacific Cars 4, gs8, m8 location, optimized product structure, 2022 product line
The White Woo team reported the rating - industry level, entering the upswing.
Investment proposals: Hiro-Ayan's performance in 2021, the speed with which new cars are launched; joint ventures, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands.
It's affecting the production of cars.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.