The company announced sales in February, with a total of 380,000 sales in the first two months of the group, the same amount.
The four major business units showed a remarkable increase of 18%, with the four major business units of the following kind: BMA, Eyan, Toyota, and Honda.
Monthly automobile sales are expected to grow by 5.7%, with the BG group as a whole growing by 18%, far above industry average, while the BIG's four main profit units are performing more than industry, the group's overall upward trend is clear, and the booming product cycle has just begun. In February 2022, the profitability was so strong.
The year 2022 was the year of the powerful product cycle of Hiroshima, Hiranda, Hiranda, Sena, etc., with total equity/flow (million shares)
Toyota will also be one of the winners of the traditional motorists of the Volcano era in the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the fuel truck.
The 12-month maximum/minimum vehicle model brings new dynamic growth.
In the first full month of the market, Szeto's sister's model gave up nearly 10,000 of the report cards, and in the fourth quarter, the Whitewood team showed the potential of the market to explode, keeping in mind that as the market's slogans get deep in the hearts and minds of the people, the quality of the class.
It's expected to wait for the 2022 high-speed growth -- wide-gas group (601238).
In the middle of the fuel truck season, the Whitewood team grew by 132%, and sales in the new energy market continued to grow at a remarkable rate. Meanwhile, the Eianian model opened a trip beyond the industry -- 2021/12/04.
Also in a state of oversupply, where sales are still constrained by supply bottlenecks such as chips, capacity, etc., EA is expected to continue following the release of the wide-gas group (601238).
The White Moon Group's three-quarterly review - Continue to look at Volatile Autonomy and New Energy Power - 2021/10/31.
In the past, the level of valuation of the traditional whole plant was maintained by maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.