He's a research assistant, Yang Wai-ging.
• Highlights of the announcement: the BG announces that the BG will implement EAE equity incentives, the BAN Institute of Science and Technology has a stake in it, and that it will simultaneously introduce strategic investors.
The sum of US$ 2,566 million will be used for this replenishment. The registration capital will be increased from US$ 6 billion to about US$ 6,421 million.
At the end of the year, the Sino-Board Group held approximately 93.45% of the shares, the BGAN EAEE and the BASE platform combined held about 4.55% of the shares, and the TAX Group, the South Net Activism, and the Guangzhou AAEA combined about 2% of the shares.
The equity incentive scheme involves 697 key Egyptian technicians and management staff, covering about 20% of the total, and deep-seated cores.
The company’s long-activism mechanism will be built to fully stimulate the dynamism and motivation of the company and provide support for the development of its main business.
• Introduction of a strategic investment to optimize the company’s equity and governance structures. Wide-bang groups are simultaneously introducing strategic investments to meet the restructuring needs of the state-owned capital configuration, the Southern Net Dynamics, and the three Guangzhou-Ayans.
The Achilles Group, a central enterprise directly under the State Council, and the resources and policy support of a high-quality State Enterprise, will further enhance the development of EAAN.
China has launched a fund for Guangzhou to lead a number of Guangzhou high-quality state companies in favour of Hiro-Yanli 1, "Hong Kong Gas Group" (601238): January
With local advantages, the Bay Area continues to be ploughed deep and promote business development. Wholesale ring ratio + 1.52%, and the roll-out +Ean + Eyan  to promote diversification of corporate financing.
Wide-blown Eiana Round Finance and stock system changes, further introducing strategic, market-based investors with strategic synergies, policy orientation, and market influence. At the same time, broad-based Eian will choose the opportunities and opportunities, performance will improve significantly, and product cycles will continue.
The search for listing will help to promote diversification of corporate financing, the establishment of an independent capital market platform and the upgrading of the EA brand.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect to be on the market with the big air + the wide gas E-A-Van, full wholesale ring + 11.77 per cent, chip shortage with a new product cycle opening for continuous release, a strong solar vehicle cycle, and I hope it will continue to improve.
Continued Improvement 2022-01-06 Releases to maintain the BIG “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board