On 22 September, Special Electrics (600089) issued an announcement stating that the company's controlling subsidiary, New Special Energy Co. Ltd., and its controlling subsidiary, Xinjiang.
New Transistors Silicon High Technology Ltd., Inner Mongolia Silicon Materials Ltd. (hereinafter referred to collectively as Sina Silicon) Ltd. and Twin Silicon Materials Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Silicon Materials) Ltd. have signed the Multi-Crystal Silicon Strategic Trade Agreement, which will purchase raw Silicon 82,200 tons from Sina Silicon from Sina Silicon between January 2022 and December 2026.
According to the announcement, the total amount of the agreement is expected to be approximately RMB 15,458 million (excluding taxes), which represents the company’s audited operating income in 2020.
The price of polycrystal silicon has risen significantly since then, and according to the silicon branch, as of 15 September, when the price of the weekly single-crystal reloading ring had risen to RMB 21.38 million/tonne, it had been the sixth consecutive month, with an increase of more than 144%, measured at about RMB 876 million/tonne per year. With the current high price of silicone, companies are expected to continue to grow this year.
In addition, the super-high-pressure FDI valve developed by the company solves the problem of non-remote, large-scale evacuation of existing new energy power sources, relying only on bottlenecks that are tied up with fire power or consumed in close proximity to the ground, by upgrading the flexible direct flow technology from ~350kv to ~800kv for the first time.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I am qualified to practice securities investment advice or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and in an independent and objective manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.