South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: Companies published annual reports 2019 and first quarterly reports 2020, yielding $7.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 26 per cent in comparison with the increase and net return to mothers of $950 million, a decrease of 18 per cent in comparison with the first quarter of 2020
In 2019, the company acquired Shanghai Bethet to improve the layout of the elevators. In 2019, Bestte contributed $1.4 billion, cutting out Bestte and adding to the list of factors.
The Māori rate is 38.3%, a finer 4.2 percentage points for the same period, and the Māori rate for other operations is more stable after the Béster effect has been eliminated. The main reason for the deviation between the company’s performance and the rate of increase in revenue is a decrease of 1 percentage point from the Māori rate, an increase of 1 percentage point over the same period, and the value-added tax refunds compared to last year.
General Automation: General Automation has been growing steadily, and the elevators have been built together. In 2019, General Frequency, General Server, Control Technology receipts increased by 5% - 4% - 13%, respectively, while the General Automation Department developed the "Strategizing, Focusing Industry Top Clients, Deep Farming Area Single Markets, Promoting Industry Plus Regions"
“Collaborative marketing. Corporate elevators integrated operations grew by 4% on the same date, and Béster built a bridge elevator with a large complement of capabilities and improved door systems, hmi, cable beams. The first quarter of 2020 benefited from the hot sale of masks, with universal servers increasing by 65/93% from the same rate as the plc.
With high growth rates, the cumulative orders for industrial robotics/elevators/industrial automation have increased by 38 per cent over the same period. In the area of source passenger vehicles, the development and bulk delivery of the company's five-in-one product has been completed. In the area of new power vehicles, the development of a three-in-one and hybrid dual-power control product has been well advanced, and the product in question is on the line.
The main plant, with its multiple vehicle-type fixation, includes the traditional mainframe and new power of car construction, which began in 2020 with the bulk supply phase. The cumulative order for new energy vehicles and orbital traffic increased by 17% over the same period.
The company focuses on automation, digitization, intelligence in the industrial field, focusing on the core technology of the “information layer, control layer, drive layer, execution layer, sensor layer.” After 17 years of development, the company’s business is divided into general automation, elevator power, electrical support, new energy vehicle, industrial robotics, orbital transport.
Products and solutions such as integrated control systems, integrated machines, high-performance electrons, encoder, industrial robots, precision machines, power-driven & power-generation systems, towed systems, etc. are widely applied to industries in the industrial field.
Sensors and other operations, of which Bethette's business was earned by the company in the second half of 2019, from the acquisition of Shanghai Bethette. Corporate performance: in 2019, the company earned $7.4 billion, an increase of 26 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $950 million, a decline of 18 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2020, it earned $1.55 billion, an increase of 41 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of the mother.
One hundred and seventy million dollars, a 34 per cent increase in the same year. In 2019, the company acquired the Shanghai Bestter to improve the layout of the elevator industry. In 2019, Bestte contributed $1.4 billion, with a 2 per cent increase in the same year in the company ' s revenue when the Bestte factor was removed. The Māori rate was 38.3 per cent, with a 4.2 percentage point increase, and the Māori rate was 40.9 per cent after the Bestte influence was eliminated.
The main reasons for the company’s deviation from the growth rate are a decrease of 1 percentage point over the same period, an increase of 1 percentage point over the same period, and a steady increase in the company’s rate of Māori over last year’s energy output.
We have selected five mainstream companies in the industry, with an average of 29 times the average of five companies in 2020. The company is a leading company in the field of industrial control and new energy products, with 46 times the current level in 2020, covering the first time a “possession” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.