Overperformance, high engineering, power, elevators, high speed, research assistant Chai Ka Fai, 400 million dollars and 5 million dollars.
Rapid growth, improvement in the Māori rate, cumulative increase in tax refunds, reduction in investment losses, Betsett plus, o1 performance is higher than expected.  2001 general orders are strong, income is still rising by two digits, although they are lagging behind.
In 19 years, the industrial sector continued to be depressed by the impact of trade, 19q4 began to recover weakly, and the 20q1 epidemic did not affect the recovery.
The downstream demand for machine solutions, electronics, photovoltaics, lithium power, etc., which were the first to recover, has been booming, with only project-based market recovery temporarily falling and expected to be better in the second quarter. Sinkkawa q1 remained strong in the context of the epidemic, with revenue levels expected to be double-dip.
The number of digits is increasing, reflecting a very strong business. From downstream, the epidemic-related masks, etc., pull up some of the servers, plc demand, and the Hitcha has recovered from the advantaged areas of lithium, photovoltaic, electronic, etc., and the 19-year replacement of wind and electricity imports has accelerated.
These industries will continue to grow year-round. The year-round recovery in the industry + the generation of electric power and power control has been successful this year, with customers such as Wilma, Cars and Homes, Little Peng, and the Great Wall starting fast, and overseas orders are expected to continue to break, with a reduction of more than 100 million dollars this year.
This year’s price reductions have been modest and the load is expected to increase; by car, the harvest period, the new forces – the horses, peng, cars and homes – continue to grow this year, with a wide line of steam, the Great Wall, overseas orders, two projects in 19 years, and a 20-year drive to determine that they are expected to lose more than 100 million dollars in 20 years.
The elevator q1 orders are growing and the income is falling, and it's still stable throughout the year.
On the one hand, it enriches the large-scale solution of the escalator. At the same time, Bethette will be able to reboot the power, engineering and electrical taps for 20 years, bringing a $160-200 million profit gain to the synchronous.
• The Māori rate has improved by the same year, and the subsequent cost rate has fallen to a desirable level. 20 years q1 company combined Māori rates have improved by the same year, driven by new platform product servers, plc, new energy vehicle productivity.
Increased usage and cost control: but the cost side has been affected by the epidemic and slow delivery, and the contribution of the increased Māori rate as personnel control is optimized and the cost of organizational change is expected to decline 3 and Hitchon Technologies (300124): annual reports
This will be further demonstrated by the narrowness of investment losses in M&A funds, the increase in government subsidies and VAT refunds, the expected improvement in industrial controls, the assumption that Bestte will contribute $400 million, profit 5 million, and the deduction of the same ratio - 1 per cent - + 9 per cent, and repatriation.
Net profit ratio - 26 per cent + 46 per cent, non-net profit - 29 per cent + 55 per cent. q1 general order, rapid growth in income, improvement in the Maori rate, increase in tax refunds over and over, reduced investment losses, Betset scale, q1 performance over and above expectations. 20q1 general order booms, income increases by two digits, over and over.
Camp alpha is extremely strong; the dominant industries are recovering strongly, new products and solutions, and the three-wheel drive of organizational change.
The industrial robotics and machine-bed sales data confirm that the industry has improved. The 20q1 outbreak does not change the recovery in industrial controls, the demand for masked machine solutions explodes, while capital in the electronics, photovoltaics, lithium, etc., which had previously been the first to recover, is still inclined to spend more, the project-based market is temporarily depressed, q2 is expected to improve, and consumption is below consumption.
In general, a strong O1 order for the control pole was seen, particularly in March. The SWIA orders began to grow in a positive way from September last year, and the orders were still strong in the context of the epidemic earlier this year.
Q1 is expected to grow by 30% over the same period, and the revenue side is expected to grow by two digits over the same year, albeit behind.a From downstream, the epidemic-related masks, etc., pulls up a subservient, plc demand, while the sinks rely on the dominant areas of lithium power, photovoltaics, electronics, etc. to take the lead in recovery.
The replacement of wind and electricity imports in 19 years has accelerated and continues to increase, and these industries will continue to grow throughout the year, while the project market, the consumer sector q2 affected by the epidemic, is expected to recover gradually, and the matching of orders and revenues is expected to increase as delivery becomes normal.
The year is expected to see the launch of the cnc platform product based on German pa technology, a significant increase in the capacity of the resolution programme based on the ethercat bus agreement, and further organizational change, with the first three core items (cg), strategy (sm), marketing (ltc/mcr) launched in October 19 and expected to emerge in one to three years
The results are expected to continue to strengthen the competitiveness of firms, organizational efficiency, cost-control capabilities, high per capita q1 orders, a 20-year recovery in niche industries and a combination of new products and organizational changes, and a projected return to high growth of more than 30 per cent in the General Automation Block.
Le Wu Xiao Xiang, figure 3: Manufacturing is solid in 19q4 to improve, electrical controls have been yielding since this year, and customers such as Wilma, Car and Home, Little Peng, and the Great Air Wall are fast-growing, overseas.
The order is expected to continue to break, with a reduction of more than 100 million dollars this year. q1 has been affected by the epidemic for 20 years, and there has been a decline in the demand for new energy automobile terminals, with 114,000 vehicles sold in mid-January-March, corresponding to 56.4 per cent, but domestic policy stops are now in place, and the country regularly extends subsidies by 2 to 22 per cent.
With regard to commercial cars, the 19-year downward pressure and the downside of the industry have been marked, and this year we see that there is little room for further drops, and that the number of big customers can be expected to increase, with non-woo-toon buses, logistics cars, etc.
After many years of accumulation of new energy, new vehicles are entering the harvest period, and technological capabilities are almost the only one in the country that can compete with large overseas players such as Bo, Bogwala, Japanese electricity, and electric appliances.
Weights, cars and homes started at the end of the year in 19 years, Internet cars continued to do so for 20 years, first line, cars began to do so at the point of success in 19 years, the Great Wall began to do so at the point of success in 20 years, and will continue to build up a point in the future. International Motors Overseas has two successful spots in 19 years, and is expected to continue to break through 2 to 3 vehicles this year.
In the first two months of the year, there were only 1,871 new energy vehicles, which are expected to grow by more than 50% on the same date. The recovery of commercial vehicles in 20 years, and the arrival of customers in passenger vehicles during harvest, is expected to result in a significant loss of more than 100 million.
The increase in elevator orders, but the q1 delay in delivery has resulted in a decline in revenues, which is still steady throughout the year, and the synergy between the Hong Kong+ Bestetts is expected to be further demonstrated. The impact of the epidemic on down-street real estate starts has had some impact, the sale of elevators has declined significantly, and orders are expected to grow, but revenues are expected to decline; Beth has been affected by the delivery.
It is also affected by downstream start-ups, with earnings and profits falling, while profit ends are affected by value-added assessments, with small projected and measured contributions. Throughout the year, the Hong Kong River+Bestte complementarities in terms of customers and products, while accelerating the increase in profits of 160 million to 200 million in the year for cross-border customers.
The Māori rate has improved by the same year, and the follow-up cost rate has fallen to be expected. In 20 years, q1 company combined Māori rates have improved by the same year, driven by a new platform product server, plc start-up, a new energy vehicle capacity utilization increase and cost control; however, costs have risen by the impact of the epidemic and slow delivery, followed by an improvement in personnel control and organizational change drive rates.
The contribution of the increase in the Māori rate will be further reflected in the decline; at the same time, the investment losses of M&A funds have been reduced, government subsidies and value-added tax refunds have increased (2.82 million government subsidies in January-February 20 years, of which $1.573 million are tax refunds: government subsidies in January-February 19 19)