The epidemic will not change the trend towards a good company, with a warmer performance period — the 2019 and 20q1 performance ratings of the Hitchuan technology (300124.sz) Corporate ratings: buy-in (maintenance)
Revenues and profits of 140 million yuan, company income and net parent profits in 2019 increased by 1.9 per cent and -30.4 per cent compared to zhaoxc@csco.com.cn, respectively, in the first quarter of 2019.
1550 million yuan (+40.7%) and the net profit from the mother is 170 million yuan (+33.6%), mainly due to the Betsett scale.
The market for elevator integrated controller products, human interface products, is in the forefront of the industry. There is a clear trend of downstream customer integration, large-scale matching patterns, and companies will have a stronger competitive edge, with synergies with Bethet.
The new energy vehicle sector is expected to be a new growth point.
The company’s new energy motor control products have been sold in large quantities in new energy buses, logistics cars, and passenger cars.
Products such as power aggregates, power controls, power generators, and power sources have achieved multiple vehicle-type fixes in front-line mainframe plants, some of which can be delivered in bulk by 2020.
In the context of a comparison of the performance of the technology in Sinkkawa (300124.sz) and depth 300, the company, as a leader in replacing imports in the field of domestic industrial automation, has continued to do a great deal of work in the area of industrial automation, taking advantage of core technology.
We maintain a rating of the company’s “buy-in” investment. Elevators’ electrical appliance, general-transform type of business: Bethet, after the table, in the big package, in the customer and in the market.
There are synergies between these and other things. The advantages of corporate elevator integration, human interfaces, are obvious and will be stable. Growth: GFMV companies are at the forefront of domestic firms, with competition seen mainly as foreign goods, and other generic automated types of operations: corporate servile systems operations, as a result of the slowdown in downstream industries such as 3c, machinebeds, etc.
In 2019, the growth rate in the control technology category slowed; companies continued to roll out new items in plc and cncc, creating synergies with the servo business, while the general automation category of companies continued to grow, but there was still much room for alternatives, which could grow in the future as the product was splattered and the Ministry of Enterprise and Industry moved forward.
Period. In the first quarter of 2020, GUS sales generated $274 million (+65 per cent), plc&hmi new energy automobiles and orbital transport operations: recently, four ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, jointly issued a circular on improving the fiscal subsidy policy for new energy automobile promotion and implementation of the new energy vehicle fiscal subsidy policy.
In the case of orbital transport, companies focus on market-based construction. In Suzhou, Ningbo, and Qing, companies focus on market-based construction.
The island, Changchun, etc., has continued to be listed and diversified in such operations as the subway towed system, tractors, train maintenance, spare parts sales. In 2020/2021/2022, we pre-routed, server, plc&hmi, etc., and in particular generic products due to industrial specialities.
The Māori rate will remain largely stable and will decline to a limited extent as a result of sex and competition factors. The combined Māori rate will be slightly lower by the combined Māori rate for companies through R & D inputs and the provision of integrated electron and electrical automation products and programmes for their clients.
At the same time, the average rate of Betsett's combined Māori is about 24%, which will reduce the rate of Māori in combination. We expect sales and management costs to increase faster in recent years, mainly as a result of the expansion of the company's business market and research and development inputs.
The cost rate has remained stable and slightly lower. /27.6 times. In the context of the ongoing automation of domestic industrial controls, companies have been able to import and replace leading firms in the area of domestic industrial automation, while continuing to do a great deal of work in the area of industrial automation, based on nuclear.
Heart technology seizes the opportunity to expand to new energy vehicles and rail transport, opening up room for growth in performance. We maintain an investment rating of corporate “buy-in”.1 The economic downturn and delivery risks associated with the new crown epidemic.
The downstream industries served by the company ' s products are, inter alia, elevators, new energy vehicles, plastics, machines, air pressure machines, textiles, cranes, metal products, cable cables, printed packaging, building materials, metallurgy, oil, chemicals, electronics, etc., which are closely related to national macroeconomics, fixed asset investments, exports, etc.
The spread of the new crown epidemic from China to the rest of the world has led to a downturn in the global economy, which has had a significant impact on the industrial and industrial sectors and on the new energy car market. Moreover, the new crown epidemic has become globalized, leading to a lack of timeliness in the production and delivery of some of the key raw materials (chips, igbt, photobarons, etc.) from overseas.
The downside of the real estate market, the risk of falling demand in the elevator sector, real estate regulation policies and expectations of falling house prices have had some impact on demand in the real estate market because of higher sales revenues from the company elevator industry, when the real estate market fell.
The Department ' s sales earnings and profits in the elevator industry will be significantly affected.3 The restructuring of the new energy car industry and increased competition have led to a relatively low expansion of the company ' s new energy automobile business, but the industry is still in the early stages of development and has yet to be shaped.
Industrial policies still need to be refined and adjusted. In recent years, the new energy auto industry policy has changed considerably, with a greater impact on the new energy automobile industry and a decline in the profitability of the company ' s new energy automobile business.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party.