q4 Falling profits, concern for company long-term planning q4 Falling net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to fall more sharply throughout 2018. q4 Falling performance is mainly due to major products such as ethanol, adipic acid,
Prices, such as methanol, have declined considerably.  A year-long increase in volume supports performance, a quarter of partial product prices have fallen, and a quarter is expected to slow down: in the first three quarters of 2018, prices for major products remained high, leading to a significant year-round performance by companies.
Growth. According to price data we tracked, the year-on-year increases and decreases in the main products throughout 2018 were: methanol (+10.72 per cent), urea (+28.04 per cent), melamine (+4.53 per cent), acetic acid (+49.74 per cent), acetic anhydride (+49.94 per cent), dmf (-0.07 per cent), ethanol (+2.09 per cent),
urea (+3.51 per cent), melamine (-2.97 per cent), acetic acid (-1.23 per cent), acetic anhydride (+0.000 per cent), falling prices from high levels, and we believe that most of the product prices are expected to stop falling in the first quarter.
At present, the company's planned production capacity is largely operational, with 2019-2020 as the period of energy release. Looking ahead, there are uncertainties about the pattern of ethanol, a large increase in coal ethanol and steel tail gas.
The production of diol may have an impact on industry patterns. It should also be noted that Waruhing has accumulated a wealth of experience in low-cost production management of products, with a certain industry leadership.
Looking forward, the company's 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials portfolio has entered the new and old kinetic energy of Shandong Province, which is robust, and the introduction of ethanol will release the growth dynamic, and the first preferred high-end chemical projects are expected to develop over the long term.
2018-10-26 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board