On January 15, 2019, the net profit was 1.4 to 1.6 times higher than expected. The company announced that it would return in 2018.
Lilonghai's net profit as a shareholder in a listed company will be between $1.7 billion and $2 billion more than in the same period the previous year, and the company's net profit as a shareholder in a listed company will be 2,534 million in the first three quarters.
In the fourth quarter, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to be $388-688 million, and a sharp decline in the fourth quarter of oil prices compared to the third quarter, leading to lower than expected prices for the chemical products concerned. In the fourth quarter of 2018, international crude oil futures prices fell sharply, and Brent experienced a sharp fall in international futures prices.
The price of crude oil futures fell from a high of $86.10 per barrel to a low of $50.68 per barrel, with the ring falling by US dollars/barrell, and the ring falling by 44.0%. Crude oil is the base material that is ultimately upstream of a very large number of chemical products, and the price of crude oil has fallen sharply, leading to a sharp fall in the price of the related chemical products.
Roe(ttm) Acetic acid and ethanol prices have fallen significantly and urea prices are relatively robust.
Organamines, acetic acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives and polyols. In the fourth quarter of 2018, public acetic acid prices fell from a high of $4975 per ton to a low of $3,500 per ton, with a 29.6 per cent decline in the ring comparison, the latest price being $3150 per ton; the median price in the ethanol market in the East China region was higher.
On October 9, 2018, the company announced that the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol production unit had been fully connected to the process, reaching 70% of its capacity.
Runs, produces high-quality products, and enters the experimental production phase. The import of ethanol has a large substitution space, and since the country’s new production of ethanol does not meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, the consumption of ethanol in 2016 amounted to 1,259 million tons, while production reached 5.1 million tons, imports amounted to 7.57 million tons, and imports are self-sustaining.
Still looking at the company’s growth over the long term, the company’s “recommended” investment rating is maintained. With clean coal gasification technology, the company focuses on the integrated use of resources, building a “one-line” revolving economy’s flexible multi-production business model that can be adjusted in a timely manner to the product market’s changing patterns of production and product structure.
The company’s performance is influenced by price fluctuations in the short term, but it still values the company’s cost advantage. The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.