The annual report of Warrohein ́s performance rating: performance is largely in line with expected high-quality coal-chemical champions for the future. On March 19, 2019, the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 3.02 billion yuan, an increase of 147.1 per cent over the same period; the basic gain per share was 1.86 yuan.
• Corporate performance was largely in line with expectations. The high growth in corporate performance during the reporting period was due mainly to the consolidation of corporate gasification platforms through the introduction of new construction projects, the further optimization of the product structure and the further improvement of the production capacity of major products, as well as continued progress in supply-side reforms and adjustment of international crude oil prices, among other things.
The impact of the factors is that the market has changed considerably, companies have accurately captured market trends, and business performance has risen significantly. The profit ring has declined in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of falling oil prices, supply and demand, and falling prices of major products. Nitrogen fertilizer has been sold at 1.87 million tons over the period, generating 2.926 billion dollars; acetic acid and seeding.
The sale of raw products reached 620,000 tons, with a revenue of 2.5 billion; the sale of organochlorine reached 370,000 tons, with an income of 2.1 billion; the sale of adipic acids and intermediates reached 200,000 tons, with an income of 1.8 billion; and the sale of polyols reached 290,000 tons, with an income of 1.9 billion yuan.
During this period, the company accelerated the construction of the project, and the follow-up work on the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project was well under way and was launched in the fourth quarter. As the 500,000 tonnes of new capacity became available, there is much room for company growth.
In addition, the recent announcement of the Ministry of Justice will invest in the construction of 300,000 tonnes/year of ammonium and nylon new materials and in the quality of the lymphoric acid.
The company is expected to be more profitable when the new project is completed. • As an excellent domestic coal industry, the company relies on core clean gas technologies to build technology and industrial platforms for sustainable development, and the company’s cost control and management capabilities are prominent.
The firm's core competitive advantage will be further strengthened by the company's future development, and now the company estimates that the value of the city's Gate B, 5th floor, is low, and the advantage is clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Portfolio Co. Ltd. Chart 1 Wallauhingl [600426] p/pb-band Main income composition of Company 2
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.