Newtimesecritities show slightly lower performance expectations, low oil price constraint profitability levels and slightly lower performance expectations, and four-quarter booms start: environmental monitoring and rising oil prices, public
The Division's year-round performance was high, with the average price of products and the same ratio in 2018: Brent crude oil ($71.85/roughly completed), increasing the company's capacity to produce 1 million tons of ammonia, leading to an increase in performance. In the fourth quarter alone, with the fall in oil prices and low demand, the prices of chemicals fell sharply, and the industrial landscape began to collapse.
The q4 profit ring decline is evident from the company installation overhaul, year-end cost increases, etc. 500,000 tons of ethanol were successfully put into production, and the contribution to the growth in performance began in 2019: on October 9, 2018, the company ' s 500,000 tons of ethanol project was successfully put into operation, and the device is now operating steadily and the product quality has been achieved.
Polyester level, which will contribute to an increase in performance throughout 2019. 60% of Chinese ethanol consumption is dependent on imports. With the break-out of the coal-based ethanol process, the next 2-3 years will see an acceleration of domestic ethanol production, with a steady return on profits.
The profits are estimated at about $230 million. Equity incentives are a source of confidence, and forward planning projects guarantee growth: second-phase equity incentives are granted with a bonus of more than 0.15 dollars per share, and the firm’s core core is in place, while at the same time demonstrating confidence in future development.
In addition, the 1.5 million tonnes of new Green Chemical Materials project (Ethylene, Precision Diacid, Amino resin, Three Quarterly Performances Meeting Expectations, High Annual Growth of the Company, nylon, etc.) was selected for the New and Old Dynamic Energy Conversion Project Bank in Shandong, opening up the space for long-term growth.
“No worries” 2018-10-25 – Market expectations are overly pessimistic, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating: industry’s low cost advantage guarantees.
Project Launching a New Growth Point for Performance 2018-08-09 Division still has excess gains, while MMP companies can properly avoid profit-cycle fluctuations, while 50 q2 Q2 Q1 record record record performance, i.e., ethanol
In the light of the company's long-term growth space, we maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.