The trading business is dragging on the Māori rate, and the performance is expected to gradually repair the three-quarterly review of the Cobalt industry (603799) The company released the three-quarterly 2019 on the evening of October 28th, with a revenue of $14.23 billion in the first three quarters.
This represents a 39.20 per cent increase; a net profit of $92.76 million for the mother, a 95.15 per cent decline in the same year; and an epso.09. "Performance: q4 performance is expected to continue repair, trade operations affect the Maori rate. Cobalt prices have rebounded, the Yangtze has an average cost of $260.6 million per ton of cobalt, a 2 per cent increase in the ring, and the company has washed back its inventory.
Readiness of approximately $68 million; but a small decline in the single season (9.08%), mainly due to the expansion of trade operations, is expected to result in a gradual improvement in the supply and demand situation and a long-term expectation that cobalt prices will be out of the bottom.
By 2020, major manufacturers, such as the general public, were gradually putting into production, power batteries were expected to be released and 5g to 3c batteries were considered, and the demand for cobalt was expected to improve, with a long-term expectation of getting out of the bottom.
The \triangleright equity purchase program has been adjusted to the 15.68% shareholding in the State of Happiness, which is intended to purchase the new talent of Honda by issuing shares, for a transaction of 805 million yuan. HWAY is a major subsidiary of the company and the deal is over.
At the same time, the company plans to raise $800 million in matching funds for the 30,000-ton (metal volume) high-power, three-dollar nickel sulfate class project and related costs.
In conjunction with the three-quarterly report, Research Assistant Xue Shaoyang, the company’s performance is expected to improve significantly over the next year, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Cobalt prices continue to fall in risk, less integrated than expected, and lower downstream demand.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, and Non-ferrous Metals and Corporate Research. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, use data from compliance channels to ensure that reports are reported
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,