The rise in oil prices will lead to corporate profitability and valuation repairs at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: As crude oil supply and demand patterns gradually improve and current geopolitical risks increase, the oil price hub continues to move up, with the average price expected to remain at $60 to $70 per barrel in 2018, the upper plate in China's petrochemicals is expected to lose its profits, and the refining and chemical plates remain profitable. We believe that the current configuration is in progress.
National petrochemicals are not only extremely defensive, but also enjoy a double-up process in the company’s performance valuation. 65 US dollars, in the case of oil prices, are expected to remain above $70 billion, strongly recommended.
If the international crude oil price hub is maintained above $60 per barrel, the company’s upstream plate is expected to run out. For every $10 per barrel increase in oil prices, the net profit of the upstream plate is expected to increase by $14 billion.
Refining plates: oil prices are below $80, and profits are expected to remain stable. Under the new oil-finished adjustment mechanism, the price of finished oil can respond better to changes in the cost of crude oil, and the company ' s profits are expected to remain stable as long as international oil prices do not exceed $80 per barrel. Based on 236 million tons of crude oil processing and $240 million.
One-ton processing profits estimate that the operating profits of the smelting plate are expected to remain at 56 billion yuan, and the net-industrial plate: the profits are expected to be sustained. When oil prices are below $80/bail, the profits from the chemical plate are more stable, and the profits from the corporate smelt are expected to remain good, with the net profits expected to be close to $12 billion.
Sales plate: The profits of the sales block are less affected by oil prices. The central profit centre of the sales block has been about $35 billion over the past decade, with a more stable profit and very high quality assets within the company.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The pattern of crude oil supply and demand continues to improve, and the oil price hub continues to move upwards, so we, 1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): second-quarter performance is in line with the forecast 2. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): first half of the year ' s refining and finished products
Oil distribution has increased, and the fuel ratio has declined (2017-07-24)1 Exploration and mining plate: oil prices have risen, elastic stocks have declined steadily, supporting oil prices.
We expect the Brent oil hub to remain at $60-70 per barrel in 2018, significantly higher than the average price of $54 in 2017. In the event of an extreme geo-conflict,
The number of oil drills in the United States has stagnated, but the accumulation of large stock wells, such as high oil prices for fruit, will accelerate the release of production. The current US crude oil production of 9.7 million barrels per day, growing by about 800,000 tons in 2017, is still expected to grow in 2018, and is expected to remain close to 800,000 barrels.
International crude oil prices have a direct impact on the company’s profits from upstream exploration and exploitation of the plates, and the higher the price of the plates, the higher the profits from their operation. The average price of Brent’s crude oil remained constant at $110 per barrel in 2011 and 2012, and the profits from its operation amounted to $716 billion and $70 billion.
62 dollars per barrel, with the plate operating revenue of approximately $19.6 billion. After the sharp fall in international oil prices in 2014, the plate suffered a loss of $6, $13 and $12, respectively, in the first half of the year, and the cost of the corresponding barrels was estimated at $53, $53 and $61, respectively, if Brent crude oil was on average.
After 2014, the oil field plate was affected by a sharp drop in oil prices, resulting in a significant decline in oil reserves, which led to a substantial increase in the depreciation rate. According to the company ' s annual report for 2016, the depreciation rate rose significantly.
According to data, crude oil exploration stocks increased from 3 billion barrels before oil prices plunged in 2014 to 1.55 billion barrels in 2016, while upstream plate depletion rose from 48.9 billion barrels in 2014 to $61.9 billion in 2016, resulting in profits on the entire upstream plate.
If Brent's crude oil price center is maintained above $60 per barrel in 2018, we think that the company's crude oil reserves will no longer be significantly reduced, and the corresponding depletion and impairment of assets will return to normal. On the average 6.4% increase, we predict the average. On the basis of the 440 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent production, we expect the depletion of the upstream plates and asset reduction in 2018.
The company’s upstream elasticity of performance: the company’s current crude oil production is about 300 million barrels, with an increase of about $14.2 billion in net profits per $10 increase in oil prices after taking into account 6 per cent of the resource tax and 25 per cent of the income tax. (Resource tax.) The oil special oil proceeds start-up point is 55 dollars/barrel up to $65/barrel, and a grade 5 over-grading rate is still applied.)
Based on the above analysis, the net profit of the upstream plate is expected to be based on the assumption that international crude oil prices in 2018 would be at a central price of $65 per barrel (the average price of Brent crude oil for the whole year 2017 would be approximately $55 per barrel) and that the company would return to normal levels of depreciation of the upstream plate.
The impact of crude oil prices on the company's refined plate profits is significant and largely negative: the higher the oil price, the lower the refined plate profits; the lower the oil price, the better the refined plate profits. According to the company's business data for the last 10 years, when Bren is the Bronner, the better.
The price of special crude oil is below $80 per barrel, and refined plates can be profitable; once oil prices exceed $80, the refined plates are increasingly marketed, and the price-fixing mechanism for our finished products is conducive to the performance of the refined plates. The pricing mechanism for our finished oils is also an important factor in the performance of the refined plates.
The price cycle was set at 22 working days, and the triggering condition was a change in crude oil prices of more than 4 per cent, while the adjustment of the price-fixing mechanism for the International Year of Oil was reduced from 22 working days to 10 working days, and the type of crude oil tied was adjusted, and the triggering conditions were changed to a price increase of more than 50 yuan/ton for diesel fuel, which enabled the adjustment of the price of the finished oil.
A faster reflection of changes in crude oil prices. In 2016, a “floor price” policy was added to the price-fixing mechanism as a result of a sharp fall in international oil prices, namely, if international oil prices were below $40, the price of finished oil would be 40 dollars based on the price of crude oil and a normal processing profit rate.
Prices, all unadjusted prices for finished oils, are included in the risk reserve. The company ' s profits from the refined plates in 2016, benefiting from floor price protection, amounted to 56.3 billion.
The profits from the processing of single tons of crude oil will remain at $240 after the year. The production of finished oil is about 150 million tons, compared with profits of $377 and $397 in 2016 and the first half of 2017, respectively.
Dollars/tons: The average price of tar in 2016 was US$ 45 per barrel, the price of refined oil was US$ 1,156/ton: the price of tar was US$ 54 in 2017 and the price of refined oil was US$ 1116.
As long as the international price of oil does not exceed $80 per barrel, the company’s profits from refining the plates are expected to remain stable. Based on the $236 million in crude oil processing and $240 in single-ton processing profits, the operating profits from refining the plates are expected to remain at $56 billion.
3 Chemical plate: Profit is expected to sustain the profits of the chemical plate, which is negatively linked to oil prices, but is more dependent on the supply and demand patterns of the chemical product itself. The chemical plate is located downstream of the industrial chain, and the profits of the plate are influenced by the cost end (oil prices) on the one hand, and by major chemical industries such as ethylene and acrylic on the other.
The effect of global supply and demand patterns is that ethylene and acetylene can absorb and transfer the cost increases if the product is in good supply and demand patterns. Experience shows that when the price of oil is below $80 per barrel, the chemical plate is more profitable.
The profits of the divisional panels will also remain good.4 The marketing and distribution boards: the profit hubs are expected to stabilize at over $30 billion, and the profits of the sales boards will be less affected by oil prices. The sales boards are about $35 billion in the past decade, and the profits are compared.
Stable, very high-quality assets within the data company. Marketing plates currently sell about 200 million tons of finished oil (gas, kerosene, diesel), more than 30,000 gas stations under the flag, with an average annual refuelling capacity of about 3,800 tons for individual gas stations.
On the basis of the above analysis, we measure the profitability of companies under different oil prices. 1) Exploration and extraction plates: for every $10 increase in oil prices, the net profit of the upstream plates is increased by $14 billion, and if reduced consumption is taken into account, the profit elasticity will be greater and the profit growth is expected to increase by more than $20 billion.
2) Refining plates: Under the new pricing mechanism for finished oils, the net profits of the company’s refined plates are expected to remain stable near the 33.8 billion won hub, with the firm’s profits remaining good, with the projected net profits expected close to the 12.4 billion won.
4) Sales plate: The sales block is a high-quality asset of the company, whose profits are less volatile by oil prices, and is expected to remain close to $19 billion in the future. Scenario 1: based on the average price of Brent crude oil of $65 per barrel in 2018 and the average price of $68 per barrel per plate in 2019
If there is a geopolitical conflict or if crude oil supply and demand patterns change better than expected, and oil prices are expected to outpace $70 per barrel in 2018, the profit projection reference table 2 calculates the profitability of each plate. Assuming that the company’s three rates remain stable.
The fall in crude oil prices will have a direct impact on the profitability of the firm’s upstream section, with serious negative effects on the company’s performance. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.