In the first place: after three years of low oil prices, we believe that the world has entered the era of “medium oil prices”, and that the price of the brent oil is projected to rise by at least $5-10 per barrel in 2018, suggesting that attention be paid to the crude oil industry chain.
Three barrels of oil are expected to be restored in two ways, with China's stone, the whole chain of oil and gas, with a much higher downstream advantage, 28,000 square kilometres (18 per cent, second in the country) of mining rights, and cumulative oil exploration.
trillion cubic metres (21 per cent, second in the country); 303 million barrels of crude oil (21 per cent, second in the country); 260 million tons (337 per cent, first in the country; 5.3 per cent, first in the world), 1084 million tons (44.10 per cent, first in the country; 6.41 per cent, fourth in the world), gas stations in 2017.
The world entered the era of “medium oil prices” with high upstream elasticity of 800,000 barrels per day, 1.7 million barrels per day, and 700,000 barrels per day. We judge that the supply of and demand for international crude oil have been rebalanced by shocks, that it is in the process of stock elimination, and that international oil prices have increased mildly, not excluding geographies.
Since the collapse of oil prices in June 2014, the center of the year has been at $60-70 per barrel, an increase of at least $5-10 per barrel over the same period. Brent has increased the net profit after tax increases by $14.9 billion and ps 0.12.
In the era of “medium oil prices”, where refining is in comfortable areas, the refinery profits are mainly made up of two components: refining and chemicals. Since March 2013, the refining component has adopted a cost-added model and a shorter price-fixing cycle, which can be transferred more quickly to upstream costs; and nationalization.
The demand for goods has grown faster, with some products becoming more dependent on the outside world, and environmental protection has led to a contraction in supply since 2016, a rise in the price of chemicals in the oil cycle, and a sharp improvement in the profits of the chemical industries with the advantage of integration. In our view, oil prices are at $60-80 in the middle-price age.
In the course of the barrel shock, the refining of the integrated enterprise ' s refined plates is profitable and solidly added to the stock returns; the chemical plates are generally favourable to oil prices, superimposed with environmentally friendly production and elasticity. 4. Corporate profitability is high, and valuations are undervalued.
5. Profit forecasts and ratings assume that oil prices are in the middle oil price era, with moderate rises, and we measure $60 per barrel, $65.
If oil prices are 65 dollars per barrel in 2018 and 70 dollars per barrel in 2019, we're ready to move forward, retreat and start with a trillion-dollar market value.
(i) The performance of the world's energy industry giants, China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “China petrochemical” or “companies”), whose parent company, China
The petrochemicals group is a very large petrochemical enterprise group that was re-established in July 1998 on the basis of the former China Petrochemicals Corporation. China’s petrochemicals group’s main assets have largely been placed on the market, distributed across the oil and gas chain. The company is one of China’s largest integrated energy and chemical companies, mainly in oil and gas.
Exploration and exploitation, pipeline transport, sale: petroleum refining, petrochemicals, coal-chemicals, chemical fibres and other chemical products Production and sale, storage: import/export of oil, gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and other chemical products and other commodities, export/import operations, brokering of technology; research, development and application of technology, information.
The second largest producer of finished oil and petrochemical products is the world ' s largest refinery company, with the largest total number of gas stations in the world and the second largest company in the company group among the 500 top companies of Wealth in 2017.In the upstream exploration and development plate, the company owns a specialized exploration sub-company and six specialized oil and gas sub-firms.
The branch, the only specialized oil and gas exploration team in China for petrochemicals, took full responsibility for the risk exploration of the new zone in China's petrochemical South, and discovered five large and medium-sized gas fields, namely, Pu Guang, Yuan Dam, River Dam, Roadside, and Hinglong, as well as shale shales for the majestic caramel dams.
China Oil and Gas Exploration and Development Company; China Oil and Gas Sub-company is a company that specializes in the exploration and exploitation of non-conventional hydrocarbon resources, such as shale gas, shale oil and coal.
Information, such as the announcement, indicates that the company has 6074.4 km of crude oil pipeline with a transport capacity of 307 million tonnes/year; the gas pipeline 5610 km/year with a transport capacity of 50.7 billion tonnes/year: ng receiving station 2 with a design capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, and the construction of the Tianjin lng receiving station is imminent.
There are four technological research institutions, six professional companies, 10 refining companies, and 20 refining sub-firms under the company’s flag. The company currently has a refining capacity of 260 million tons/year, the second (5.31%) in the world, the first in the country, and the second in the country, the sales panel. The subsidiaries responsible for the sale of the final product are predominantly petrochemical sales companies of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The National Petrochemical Oil Marketing Company Ltd. and the China PIC Marketing Company Ltd., among which, China's Public Department for limited sales of petrochemicals dominates the area of sale of finished oil in China, is China's largest supplier of finished oil and owns the best distribution network and storage facilities for finished oil in the country.
(ii) A significant improvement in performance: a moderate recovery, particularly in the 2016 chemical landscape, a policy of “floor price” protection for refined oil, a company's refining plates, and a turnover of $33.1 billion in crude oil, gas and other upstream products in the first half of 2017, compared with +44.0 per cent,
This represents 2.8 per cent of the company's turnover and other operating income, mainly due to a substantial rise in crude oil prices on a year-on-year basis and to the foreign sales of petroleum products (mainly finished oils and other refined petroleum products) from the Ministry of Petroleum Refinery and the Ministry of Marketing and Distribution of Natural Companies, which resulted in an increase of $653.8 billion, or 21.4 per cent, or 56.1 per cent of operating income.
The price of finished oil is influenced mainly by the same increase in crude oil prices. The proceeds from the sale of petrol, diesel and kerosene are $553.4 billion, an increase of 18.5 per cent, or 84.6 per cent, of the proceeds from the sale of petroleum products, and from the sale of other refined petroleum products are $1004 million (15.4 per cent of the proceeds from the sale of petroleum products), an increase of 40.5 per cent.
15.3 per cent of the volume and other operating income was mainly due to higher sales and prices of chemical products.
On the demand side: low-benefit oil prices and global economic recovery, global oil demand grew by 1.6 million barrels per day in 2017 to 97.3 million barrels per day, compared with 1.3 million barrels per day in 2016. The increase was mainly from China, the United States, India, etc. Global oil demand is expected to increase consistently in 2018.
The world ' s oil supply increased by 600,000 barrels per day to 97 million barrels per day in 2016. Of these, the oil supply of 0pec was reduced by 100,000 barrels per day, while the non-zeropec supply was increased by 700,000 barrels per day. Saudis exceeded production by 20%, reducing production to 59 banks: the national commercial oil stock of 0ecd fell to 2,942 million barrels in 2017, a decrease of 1.5 per cent compared to its high point in 2016.
One hundred million barrels, but still 180 million barrels (6.6 per cent) above the average for the past five years. United States commercial crude oil stocks have fallen to 424 million barrels, down from 88 million barrels in 2016, to below the 2015 average, but have resulted in a significant accumulation of stocks over the past five years, compared to an average of 1,000,000 barrels per day, 1.7 million barrels per day, and 700,000 barrels per day.
Stock sales phase, repaired during the oil supply balance shock. Figure 10: High implementation rate of production reduction inopec Figure 12: Changes in demand in oil-consuming countries
Figure 11: Changes in the supply of oil to non-opec countries in 2017: Remediation of global oil supply and demand shocks
(ii) Continue to watch as the price of oil rises mildly into the "medium oil price" era.
Fragmentation, with different factors, has dominated oil price trends at different times and is difficult to predict. The short-term trend in oil prices is often influenced by such factors as gold melting, stocks, special events, information, market sentiment, and the market performance of crude oil futures will be left, while real investment and production by right-wing oil and gas producers will affect the supply of markets, which are interwoven in the medium and long term.
We believe that oil prices are dominated by their commodity attributes, which are largely influenced by marginal demand when crude oil supplies are scarce; and by marginal cost when crude oil supplies are overstretched. Financial and political attributes tend to be “v”-type trends.
On November 30, 2017, Opec, Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Farih, announced that OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing countries had agreed to use 1.8 million barrels.
In June 2018, countries will assess and adjust their production reduction agreements in the light of fundamental conditions. As a result of technological innovations and cost reductions, while the number of United States drills has not increased significantly, the production of single machines has increased significantly, and total oil production is expected to increase as fueled by the warming of oil prices.
It is also a major factor in containing the rise in international oil prices, but shale oil is falling faster, with a year-long decline rate, and marginal costs are supported. At the same time, it is not in the interest of all parties to maintain low oil prices.
Anti-corruption, Venezuela’s economic difficulties, tensions between the US and Iran, and so on, will inevitably lead to a change in the marginal balance of supply and demand, which in turn will trigger a further upward shift in the international oil price hub. Looking ahead, we judge that international crude oil supply and demand are being repaired in the midst of a rebalancing shock, and that international oil is in the process of being sold.
Since June 2014, the oil price chain can generally be divided into (1) upstream: oil exploration, exploitation and production: (2) midstream: oil trade, warehousing logistics: (3) downstream: petrochemicals, basic chemicals, finished oil marketing, chemical products marketing, etc.
Higher oil prices are the first to benefit from upstream production enterprises. Since the revenues from the operation of exploration and exploitation plates are derived mainly from sales of crude oil and natural gas, based on data already disclosed by the company, we have simplified the treatment by revisiting the company’s upstream profits over the past 10 years with changes in the indicators of single barrel oil and gas equivalence.
Oil prices fell sharply, reserves fell, amortizations and impairments increased significantly, and losses on upstream plates. As a result of the decline in corporate reserves, depreciation and amortization costs for exploration and exploitation plates were 48.902 billion yuan, 5.215 billion yuan, $61.929 billion and $3.209 billion, respectively. Oil prices fell sharply, resulting in higher losses on long-term asset impairments for exploration and development plates, in 2014.
The crude oil production rate has remained essentially at 300 million to 350 million barrels, and the price gap between corporate crude oil and bront prices has narrowed at a time when natural gas production has increased from 8.3 billion cubic metres in 2008 to a low oil price. In 2014-2017h1, the average crude oil prices of corporate crude oil were US$ 88.55 per barrel, US$ 44.61 per barrel, US$ 36.02 per barrel and US$ 46.49 per barrel, respectively.
The Ministry of Finance decided to raise the special profit point for petro-oil to $65 per barrel, effective January 2015. The special proceeds for oil are included in the enterprise’s costs and are granted at the enterprise’s cost.
Taking into account that the price of oil in the middle-price era was $60-80 per barrel, the special proceeds of oil were not taken into account for the sake of a simplified calculation. Oil prices were calculated to increase by $10 per barrel, with a projected net profit of $14.9 billion after tax increases.
Long-term asset impairment losses will be reduced. As a result of low oil prices, and to improve cash flow, the company’s capital expenditure on the block has declined, depreciation and amortization have increased. As oil prices return, it is expected that there will be an increase in the volume of the economy’s reserves available to companies in the future. At the same time, profits have improved, upstream capital expenditure has increased, and detection is expected to increase, and depreciation and amortization are expected to decrease in 2009.
During the year, as a result of the financial crisis, the bront fell to $62.56 million per barrel, and the profit from the exploration and exploitation of the plate was $19.644 billion. In combination, we expect that the company’s exploration and exploitation of the plate at $60-64 per barrel of oil prices will be real. Figure 26: Benefits from the exploration and exploitation of the single barrel of oil and gas equivalent of the plate
Figure 27: Distribution and impairment of single-barrel gas equivalent
According to statistics, in 2017, the world ' s refining capacity stood at 4.9 billion tons, with an additional refining capacity of 78.49 million tonnes per year, with a simultaneous phase-out of 49.47 million tonnes per year, with a net increase of 29 million tonnes per year. The Asia-Pacific region accounted for 35 per cent of its refining capacity, ranked first, followed by 24 per cent in Europe and 21 per cent in North America, with a three-pronged pattern. The world ' s refineries total 650, with an average size of 7.54 million tonnes per year.
The refining capacity of 2.73 billion tons, or 56.1%, and of cr 10, 1.74 billion tons, or 39.8%, presents a machination pattern. In 2017, our refining capacity was 772 million tons/year, and in 2010-2015, the cagr 6.7%, which has slowed in recent years, but has a higher capacity for construction and planning.
The supply of oil is too high, the supply of chemical products is inadequate, and the conversion and upgrading of chemical refineries from “fuel-type” to “chemical-type” plants is forced. And the average size of our refineries is only 4.13 million tonnes per year, a significant difference from the world average of 7.54 million tonnes per year.
In the future, the country's refining industry will be undergoing a transformational upgrading of its stocks, lagging production capacity phase-out, integrated incremental planning, “six-fold” development, steady market-based reforms, three-way liberalization from the major refining countries to the major refining countries, with companies currently producing 260 million tons per year of refined energy, 33.73 per cent domestically and 5.31 per cent worldwide, all ranked first;
For a single refinery, there are two main components of the profits, namely, the refined oil sector and the chemical sector. The refined oil sector uses a cost plus model. On 26 March 2013, the country readjusted the pricing mechanism for the finished oils from 22 working days.
A reduction to 10 working days would allow oil refineries to shift more quickly to higher upstream costs. And our chemical industry needs to grow faster, with some products becoming more dependent and with greater import substitution space. Since 2016, supply contractions have been caused by price increases in upstream raw materials, general increases in prices for chemical products following oil price cycles, and a tightening of environmental protection.
In 2015 - 2017, the company ' s crude oil processing volume (excluding the volume of processed crude oil) was 223 million tons respectively. In our view, during the period of the Middle Oil Prices, oil prices were in the process of a $60-80/barrel shock, the refining of the whole enterprise ' s refining costs were added to the model, and profits were stabilized and stock returns were added; the chemical component generally followed oil prices and was added to them.
By the end of 2012, the company completed six phases of its work to expand its refining capacity.
Construction of refining projects such as 3.9 million tonnes/year slag oil-hydration units, 3.5 million tonnes/year catalytic fission units. Companies are large-scale domestic refineries with 15.5 million tonnes/year refined oils, 9 million tonnes/year finished oils (light fuel ratios are significantly lower than the national average), 800,000 tonnes/year ethylene, 4.28 million tonnes/year organic chemicals, 1 million tonnes/year synthetic resins, 109
Prior to 2013, the price-fixing mechanism for our finished oils had not yet been perfected, and there were oil companies subsidizing consumption terminals, especially in times of high oil prices. The sharp fall in oil prices would have increased the losses caused by the loss of inventories of refineries, for example.
In 2008 and 2014, in the midst of a mild increase in oil prices, and not exceeding $80/bp, the refining enterprise realized operating income of 77.894 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent, from petrochemicals in Shanghai throughout 2016; net profit from the return to the mother was $5.956 billion, ready to go, ready to go and start with a trillion dollars in market value.
Figure 38: Supply and demand of diesel fuel in China (tonnes)
Figure 44: Company fuel ratios are ahead of level V. Marketing and distribution plates are profitable. Figure 47: Corporate marketing and distribution plates are profitable.
VI. The company ' s valuation level is spatially low compared to the five major international oil companies. In 2016, exxonmobil, bp, shell, chevron, total, China ' s petrochemical, China ' s oil, China ' s sea oil and gas equivalent production was 1,479 million barrels, and China ' s sea oil and gas equivalent was 8.06 barrels, respectively.
Billions of barrels, 1,339 million barrels, 947 million barrels, 895 million barrels, 431 million barrels, 1,467 million barrels, 477 million barrels, and Roe, each of the major companies, increased their profitability by the same year. Of these, China ' s petrochemical and roe were 3.48% and 5.37%, respectively, at the upper middle level. Exxonmobil, bp, shell, Chevron, total, and China, respectively.
National petrochemicals, Chinese oil, Chinese sea oil pe, 18.17, 37.43, 21.20, 24.49, 17.51, 16.41, petrochemical pe and pb, respectively, are undervalued. Moreover, the deepening of reforms continues, and companies are expected to revalue their sales plates.
Assuming that oil prices are in an era of moderate rises in medium oil prices, we have measured the level of corporate profitability under the oil price system at $60 per barrel, $65 per barrel, $70 per barrel, $75 per barrel, $80 per barrel, $69.3 billion and $77.8 billion, respectively, macroeconomic deficits, sharp declines in oil prices and increased competition for excess refining capacity.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report