In China, petrochemicals (600028), the elasticity of upstream performance and corporate profit patterns into the new norm, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: In the 4 January 2018 report " China ' s petrochemicals: rising oil prices will drive corporate profits and valuation repairs " , we expect Brent crude oil prices in 2018 to be about $65 per barrel, an increase of about $10 over the 17-year average, and China ' s upper petrochemicals are expected to be completely lost, with the company as a whole earning.
The hub is expected to move up to $70 billion, and if one-time stock gain for crude oil is taken into account, the net profit is expected to reach $80 billion. In this report, we have analysed in detail the costs and oil price elasticities of the company’s upstream plate, which we expect to cost at $61~66/bpb, and $65/bpb in 2018 if the oil core is laid.
Upstream net profits are expected to increase by $18 billion. During the period of medium oil prices, corporate profits are completely new: upstream losses contribute to profits, refining oil and chemical panels continue to make steady profits, and corporate roe levels will be at least 1.4 times the company’s reasonable pb, which is now seriously underestimated and has a very strong strategic configuration value.
Upstream exploration and extraction plates perform with great elasticity. The current overall cost of upstream plates is estimated to be approximately $61/bail equivalent, the individual cost of crude oil operations is about $66/bail, and the upstream plates are expected to be completely lost in 2018 as oil prices return. Moreover, as oil prices return, the upstream economy can exploit reserves.
About 100 million barrels, so that the corresponding single barrel costs of depreciation, depreciation and impairment of assets will be significantly reduced, and, overall, upstream crude oil production costs are expected to be reduced by $2 to $4 per barrel. The company currently produces about 300 million barrels of crude oil upstream, increasing the net profit by $14 billion for every $10 increase in oil prices, taking into account the decline in costs.
Central petroe will gradually rise and become a beneficiary of the price of middle oil. Central petrochemical asset structures are more inclined towards medium-shoring, so that in the era of high oil prices (which are not conducive to the profitability of the refining device), the middle petroe will not have an advantage over its domestic and foreign counterparts.
While the company is gradually improving to around 10%, pb is still low compared to the same company. Looking at the company’s past history of roe and pb, pb were positively associated with roe, when roe was raised.
2. China ' s petrochemical (600028): second-quarter performance was in line with the forecast 3. China ' s petrochemical (600028): oil distribution increased in the first half of the year, and the fuel-fuel ratio decreased (2017-07-24)
The price of crude oil is expected to move upwards on a continuous basis, starting with the 2017 OPC implementation, the global crude oil market has officially entered the inventory cycle, and the current oced and United States commercial crude oil stocks are declining, indicating that the oil market has been moving upwards since the beginning of the 2017 OPC implementation agreement.
The supply and demand patterns of the oil market are gradually improving. Global demand for crude oil is expected to reach 1.5 to 1.7 million barrels per day in 2018, and we expect a steady decline in crude oil stocks, which will provide a strong support for international oil prices.
Crude oil production continues to increase steadily at the current rate of about 9.9 million barrels per day, with a new increase of about 800,000 barrels per day in 2017. The number of uncompleted wells (duc) in the United States shale main production area has increased faster over the last six months and now totals more than 14,000, and we believe that 18 years of shale oil production will continue in view of the ongoing increase in profit from the sub-oil shale oil.
With oil prices entering the smelting high climate, the corporate profit model enters the new normal. The dollar is moved to $65 without a major geopolitical conflict.
In the middle of high profitability, corporate overall profitability and roe levels will increase significantly. Figure 1: US commercial crude oil stock (million barrels) Figure 2: oecd national crude oil stock (million barrels)
Figure 3: Crude oil production in the United States and number of oil drills
Upstream exploration and extraction plates have a very strong oil price elasticity. The firm’s upstream plates are large, with about 1.55 billion barrels of crude oil at present, and about 300 million barrels of crude oil at an annual rate; the gas reserves are 7.2 trillion cubic feet, and the annual production of natural gas is about 26 billion cubic metres. The company’s upstream plates are largely linked to oil prices, with higher oil prices and greater profitability.
Good. Between 2011 and 2012, the international oil price hub was maintained at $110/barrell, with up-front operating gains exceeding $70 billion, with an average price of about $45/barrel in 2016 and a plate loss of $36.6 billion. Simply put, up-front operating gains of more than $100 billion, under high and low oil prices, could be very resilient.
Oil prices are expected to increase upstream profits by about $14 billion for every $10 increase in oil prices. The current production of crude oil on the upstream plate is about $300 million, an increase of 14 billion yuan.
It is expected to return to normal levels, and the upstream plate is expected to increase further, and we will focus below on the analysis of the composition of the upstream plate, the changes and the impact on the profitability. Upstream oil and gas equivalent production is largely stable. Natural gas share is rising rapidly.
The annual output initially rebounded to 446 million barrels. Specifically, the production of crude oil in the company ' s upstream oil and gas production has declined from 360 million barrels in 2014 to 294 million barrels in 2017, but as the price of oil has warmed back, the decline has been almost 34 per cent of total oil and gas production and nearly 20 per cent of income.
As oil prices are warming, oil production is expected to stop falling back in 2018, gas production is expected to continue at a higher rate, and the share of natural gas in the upstream plate is expected to rise further. Companies are now actively developing their natural gas operations, including the construction of shale gas-II production capacity, which is expected to be 10 billion cubic metres by the end of 2017.
In April of that year, the 3 million-ton-scale installation of the Tianjin liquefied natural gas project was successfully put into operation in early 2018. With the annual release of the country’s downstream gas demand, gas operations will bring a great deal of elasticity to the upstream plate.
Figure 7: Crude oil production and increase, Figure 8: Natural gas production and increase, Figure 9: Income from natural gas in the upstream section
At a time of high oil prices, the company’s crude oil price was reduced to about US$ 5 as oil prices fell in the last three years. According to the above US dollar/barrell (comparable to Brent’s cost line of about US$ 61+5 = US$ 66/b), the company’s single barrel gas equivalent in the first half of 2017.
As we can see below, the overall upstream cost line for oil and gas is expected to fall to $58 per barrel in 2018 (which corresponds to a price of about $63 per barrel of oil prices), so if the hub is moved to $65, the upstream loss will be reversed. The company’s crude oil business now has its own cost line of about $66 per barrel.
The company has not separately disclosed the respective cost and profit figures for crude oil and gas. We estimate that the current gas business is in a balance of gains and losses. US$/bbl, corresponding to the Brent oil price of approximately 66+5 = US$71/bbl, taking into account that the cost is expected to fall by US$ 3 in 2018.
The cost line will then be reduced to $63, which corresponds to Brent’s oil price line of 63+5 = $68 per barrel. The cost of the company’s upstream plate will decrease steadily as oil prices warm and will be conducive to the release of profits.
When oil prices were low (2011-2013) and lower (2015-2017), the cost structure of the upstream plate changed considerably. 1) The cost of exploration decreased slightly over the last three years, as oil prices fell.
(b) The fall in oil prices has led to a substantial downward adjustment of the upstream economically exploitable reserves (from 3 billion to 1.55 billion barrels), leading to a sharp increase in depreciation and depreciation, which has also increased upstream single barrel depreciation and depreciation from $16 at the time of high oil prices to more than $21;
3) The decline in oil prices has led to a significant increase in asset impairments, which have also increased from less than US$ 1 in the past to US$ 2 to US$ 4 in single barrel impairments; and (4) the company ' s operating costs of oil and gas cash have remained relatively stable, and after the fall in oil prices, the company has made significant efforts to reduce efficiency gains, and cash operating costs have decreased from US$ 18 to US$ 15 to US$ 16.
(5) The impact of oil prices on taxes and fees is relatively high, with companies paying large resource taxes and special oil revenues in an era of high oil prices, and with the fall in oil prices, single barrel taxes fell sharply, from $12-15 to $1-2. The oil price hub is below $70, and upstream costs are likely to fall inversely, and profitability will increase significantly.
1) As oil prices return, exploration costs are expected to recover, but they are relatively small and therefore have little impact on costs; 2) oil prices rebound and upstream oil and gas reserves are expected to increase gradually, leading to a decrease in both depreciation and depreciation and impairment of assets, both of which represent a larger share of costs;
3. Cash operating costs may recover slightly after the oil price recovery, but the impact on the cost structure will not be significant; 4) The oil price recovery will lead to higher upstream taxes, but as long as oil prices do not surge, the oil price hub will probably remain below $70 per barrel, there will be no significant increase in oil special proceeds, etc. (the current oil special proceeds mark)
So, on balance, it is likely that upstream plate costs will decrease steadily in 2018, and profits will improve considerably. Single barrel taxes will not increase significantly.
The profit is less than US$ 1/bb; when the sale price is below US$ 80/bp, the special gain is about US$ 3.7/bpb. According to our estimate of 18 years of oil prices, the pivot rate is likely to remain below US$ 70/bpm, so that there will be no significant increase in the upstream single barrel tax charge. Oil prices are warming, economically exploitable reserves are expected to increase, and upstream depreciation and impairment are expected to decrease.
Six months after the fall of oil prices, the company ' s upstream economic exploitable reserves fell from 3 billion barrels to 1.55 billion barrels, leading to a substantial rise in upstream depreciation and asset impairment. Prior to the collapse of oil prices, the company ' s crude oil resource depletion rate remained at about 10%, and in 2016, after the collapse of oil prices, the depreciation and depreciation of the company ' s single barrel rose to 16.4%.
With oil prices warming, companies are likely to move up oil and gas reserves, and decay and impairment will gradually return to normal. I am in the vicinity of $18 per barrel, and the impairment of single barrel assets will probably return to the vicinity of $2 per barrel.
Depreciation and depreciation have fallen by $4, impairment has remained constant for the time being, cash operating costs have increased by zero to one dollar, and taxes and fees have remained largely unchanged, so that the overall upstream cost of oil and gas equivalents are expected to decrease by about $2 to four dollars per barrel to about $58 per barrel, corresponding to about $63 per barrel of Brent oil. The corresponding net profit is increased by RMB 4 billion, taking into account the ten-dollar elasticity of oil prices.
Central petroe will gradually rise and become a beneficiary of the price of middle oil. Central petrochemical asset structure is more inclined towards middle-shoring, so that in times of high oil prices (high oil prices are not conducive to the profitability of the refining device), the middle petroe is in a lower position than its domestic and foreign counterparts. As oil prices fall, the refining enterprise’s profits have improved significantly, and the middle petroe has increased significantly, and is in line with the same approach.
The company pb is clearly undervalued. Although the company's roe is gradually improving to around 10%, pb is still low compared to similar companies. Looking at the company's past roe-pb history, pb is positively related to roe, when roe
International crude oil prices run the risk of falling sharply. The fall in crude oil prices will have a direct impact on the profitability of the firm’s upstream section and will have a serious negative impact on the company’s performance.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.