The annual report on the development of double-slaughtering: increasing the profitability of slaughtering and the steady release of profits The 2018 report on the development of double-sinks shows that companies have achieved a gross operating income of 48,767 million yuan.
7.26 per cent less than the previous year, 12.25 billion yuan in operating income; 1,262 million yuan in net return to mothers; and the benefits of the sacrificial plate under the swine plague were evident in the aftermath of the African swine plague, which the Ministry of Agriculture requested to be adjacent to the province of the African swine plague.
The provinces have suspended the trans-provincial transfer of piglets and temporarily shut down all the markets in the provinces, which has led to a widening of the price gap between the production and distribution areas. The two remittances have 19 slaughter sites in 17 provinces across the country, with their own cold-chain advantages, and are able to move in between regions to improve the cost of the slaughter.
The 2018q4 company completed the slaughter of 427.56 million people, slightly less than the q2 slaughter, but the highest level of Maori in the first quarter of the next quarter was significantly higher than the level of 52 Maori for each of the q3. In the wake of the African pigpest, many small slaughters were shut down in order to improve control of the epidemic.
12 months of maximum/minimum slaughterhouses, with dual-sink tap companies benefiting from industrial rehabilitation, there has been a significant increase in slaughter and capacity utilization. We judge the trend towards increased industrial concentration, with double-swap slaughter operations.
Double-sink development (000895), " Double-sink development: limits " , the company ' s previous 2020 slaughter target of 20 million is expected to increase the profit from slaughter under the shipping policy and the product structure.
Adjustment of good meat products - 2019/01/28. The structure of meat products has changed to a higher end, and price increases are expected to continue. To cope with the cost increase, the company has made two adjustments to the meat plate: one is public.
In line with the strategy of “slaughtering high temperatures, low temperatures, industrialization of medium-sized products”, the Division focuses on large singles, on high-end food products and on raising overall Māori ratios by increasing the share of high-end products; and
Two-sink development (000895), a double-sink development season, on the one hand, directly through price adjustments to hedge cost increases. At the beginning of this year, the company reported about three: the slaughter continues and the meat is running.
In terms of the Māori rate, the rate of Māori for high-temperature meat products was 31.57 per cent in 2018, up from last year's, and we've come to the conclusion that if pig prices go up significantly in the second half of this year, the company will continue to hedge costs by raising prices, which will also help future companies to get prices right.
Starting in the fourth quarter of last year, the two-sinks began to increase the storage of low-priced pork, so that the costs can be levelled when the prices rise, while the sale of frozen meat can also help to profit the slaughter plate.
By the end of 2018, the company had 12.27 million tons of raw and frozen goods, an increase of 42.51% over the same year; the company is expected to continue to increase storage at 2019q1 to guarantee the cost of meat products throughout the year. Moreover, we judge that if Chinese pig prices rise rapidly, both sinks can take advantage of their advantages.
US$/kg, average domestic pig price is US$13/kg, with a much wider range of costs. In 2017, the import of 300,000 tons of frozen meat from the United States helped to contain its own costs.
In the second half of 2019, the growing cycle of pork will begin and will have an impact on double-save slaughter and meat plate. The double-save slaughter is expected to decline in the second half of the year, but the profit from slaughter and cold meat will remain high.
We expect the slaughter to be at a year-long high in the first quarter of 2019, and that the second half of the year will gradually cool up most of the cost of rising prices for major products and upgrading the structure of the product. Multiply. We look at the company’s ability to flatten costs in the pig cycle and stabilize business development.
The trend towards concentration of slaughtering capacity in the context of a good pig's plague suggests that double-sink companies, as industry leaders, will have a disproportionate impact on the industry from the African pig's plague, with large fluctuations in the supply of pork, a large decline in demand, and significant weaknesses in management operations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.