The structure of meat products continues to upgrade, the epidemic is pushing the slaughter, the slaughter concentration is rising, and the two-way stream is growing.
On 16 March 2019, the company issued its annual financial report for 2018. In 2018, the company achieved operating income of 48,767 million yuan, a decrease of 3.32 per cent, compared with the corresponding figure; in the amount of $6,347 million, an increase of 14.42 per cent; and in the amount of $4,915 million, a net return to the mother, an increase of 13.78 per cent.
\triangleright The slaughter industry is experiencing a decline in the impact of the African swine plague, and the meat industry has improved significantly. In 2018, the company achieved 48,932 million yuan in operating revenue, a reduction from the same rate.
3.25% less. According to the branch, the company earned $28,917 million in 18 years of slaughter, a decrease of 4.90% in the same year. This business was largely affected by the African swine plague. In the second half of 2018, the prices of pork in parts of the country began to fall sharply. The company killed 1,630.56 million pigs in 18 years, an increase of 14.27% over the same year.
The growth of Eastern financial and intellectual growth has succeeded in reversing the negative growth of 17 years. The improvement in the meat industry has been linked to the restructuring of the company’s products and the introduction of new products. In 18 years, the company has introduced a series of new products that are more compatible with rising consumption and phase out low-end products.
China’s meat industry is active, and as the structure of the company’s meat products continues to improve, and new products are being promoted, it is expected that the company’s meat production will increase significantly, and its Māori rate is expected to improve continuously, with new profit growth points for the company. The slaughter industry’s Māori rate has increased, and the meat structure is expected to improve continuously.
\triangleright The main reason for the increase in the Māori rate is the rise in the head of the company's slaughter. The influence of the African pigpest has limited the movement of raw pigs across provinces, and the company, taking advantage of its own production capacity layout and cold chain, has moved between price-poor areas, raising the head of the company's slaughter to Māori, and 18q4 head Māda.
84.74 yuan, or 63% increase in the ring ratio. On the other hand, the increase in the Māori rate is also associated with a decline in the price of pigs and a modest increase in the company’s reserve of frozen products at low cost.
In the short term, there is uncertainty about the impact of the pigpest on the company’s operations, but in the medium and long term, industry’s capacity is expected to rise gradually, with the company’s presence rising or even further \triangleright. Currently affected by the African pigpest, there are limits on the movement of pigs across provinces. In the short term, the price of pork is counter-linked to the price of slaughter.
In the medium and long term, however, the African swine plague will accelerate the clean-up of small and medium slaughterhouses, and the company’s future presence is expected to increase further. In addition, the company has 19 slaughterhouses in 17 provinces, including Henan and Hubei, making full use of the advantages of productive deployment, and can better secure the growth of corporate revenues and profits through the redeployment of orders across regions.
In response to the company's development strategy of “structing, expanding networks, promoting transformation, and upscaling”, the two-sending exhibition distributes 1,974,764,104a shares to Rotex, a fully-owned shareholder of the two-sink group, to consolidate the two-selling group for price swaps.
In our view, a double-sink group is only a stock-holding company that is not involved in real production operations, so this streamlining of equity would significantly increase the efficiency of management decisions; and, at the same time, the incorporation of companies that combine spices, bio-environmental, software and finance companies associated with meat products would significantly enhance synergies between operations and enhance potential for future development.
In our view, corporate revenue fell by 3.32% in 2018, mainly as a result of the outbreak of the African pigpest in local domestic markets. As the effects of the African pigpest fade and the structure of the company’s meat products escalate, we continue to look at the company’s future development.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Duren, England, and a double degree from the University of Beijing.
Wu Wendell analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies