Double-sink development Reorganizations show a slight increase in performance to promote resource integration and optimize governance structures Double-sink development proposes a real addition of 19.19 million units to be reorganized, and we think that a slight increase in performance can be achieved.
We believe that the two-sink development, with the proposed reorganization of the actual 19.19 million units, could add slightly to the performance. The two-sink development, with the proposed new Rhodes unit of approximately 1,975 million, would absorb the merger pool at a price.
The amount of G20.34 per unit does not involve cash payments. After the reorganization is completed, approximately 1,956 million shares of double-sink development will be written off, and the number of real new shares in double-sink development will be about 19.19 million shares at a price of about $390 million.
In conjunction with the reorganization plan, it is expected that the restructuring will promote the integration of resources and the optimization of governance structures for the development of the two-sinks.
The two-sink development will be the only meat platform in China, with the hope of promoting two-sink development, focusing further on the meat owner industry and consolidating the system’s superior resources. (2) Reorganization will streamline the two-sink architecture, improve the efficiency of the management of the stockholders, and thus optimize the development of the two-sinks.
By absorbing 49,66% of the double-sink cherry under the two-sink group flag, 51% of the two-sink computer, 51% of the two-sink unit shareholding, the two-sink development and the two-sink business, software development, etc., can eliminate the associated transaction between the two-sink development and the two-sink business, and 40% of the two-sink finance under the two-sink group flag.
As a result, 100% of holdings are held, and double-sink development is expected to make full use of financial services provided by double-sink finance, providing further support for systems’ business-as-usual and strategic development. Reorganization has not progressed as expected, raw material costs have increased significantly, and meat products have not been restructured as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.