(a) Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco;
After the transaction is completed, Rotex will directly hold 73.41% of the shares of the listed company and the equity structure has not occurred.
In addition to listed company equity, this proposed injection of assets includes three holding companies, Sea Sakura, Ikia and software companies, and 40 per cent double-sink finance companies, respectively, dealing in spices, biogas power generation, software development and financial services.
Once this transaction is completed, it will reduce the management level of the two-sink group, with corresponding reductions in staff, finance, etc., and will optimize management efficiency. At the same time, the asset of the two-sink group will be placed in a listed company, which will focus further on the meat owner business, then the company and the cherry, software.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Prior to the outbreak, the highest/minimum farm prices were evenly balanced in the 12-month-old regions of the country, as the country was able to move across the provinces. After the outbreak, the Ministry of Agriculture demanded a balance.
The provinces bordering the province of Africa with the outbreak of swine fever have suspended their trans-programming and temporarily shut down the development of the province's two-point development (000895).
At the end of November of the year, the highest prices of pigs were celebrated at an average price of $18.3/kg, with the lowest being internal or higher than expected — 2018/08/14 mons, at an average price of $9.3/kg, with a price difference of nearly double.
Two-sink development (000895). For slaughter companies, the supply of raw pigs in the main production area has increased, the production of slaughter plants has been used.
The rate was significantly higher than before the outbreak of the African swine plague, and the profit from the slaughter was increased. The destruction of the land - 2018/04/24.
The double-sink development (000895), the annual double-sink development report, has fallen, but profits have not declined because of the higher prices of pork in the market area.
See, in 17 provinces of the country, which have 19 slaughter bases, they can transport their own cold-chains - the advantage of 2018/03/27 - by dispatching them in price-disparities regions and increasing the profit from slaughtering.
After a long period of good slaughter concentration in Africa, in order to improve control of the epidemic, many small slaughterhouses have been shut down.
From the global experience in the prevention and control of swine plagues in Africa, industry regulation is a prerequisite for the control of pigpest, including the requirement of food safety and traceability, particularly in the areas of farming and slaughtering, which is the focus of prevention, and the advantage of scaled enterprises.
Disperse, mostly small plants, quarantine capabilities are also concentrated in large slaughterhouses, new requirements for prophylactic testing of pigs and plagues will facilitate the withdrawal of small businesses, which in the long run will have a double-sinked flagship with annual or stable costs of meat products.
For the time being, the prices of pork as a whole are still at a lower price level, given the large difference between the prices of pork in the main production area and in the main distribution area, which allows large meat companies to purchase lower prices of raw materials from the main production area and the stock of raw materials in the company, which is usually more than six months old.
The cost of pork raw materials in 2019 is not a concern. But the reduction in the intake of chickens in the past year has led to a slow rise in chicken prices since June, which is projected to be flat in 2019, and prices are unlikely to decline significantly. So the overall cost of meat business is stable in 2019.
There's room for price adjustment, medium meat products or growth points, companies' strategy of “stable, cool, medium-type industrialization”, high-temperature meat products focus on large singles, high-grade products; low-temperature meat products use Smith.
Field, as a high-end brand, has increased its promotion: Chinese meat products, which combine traditional meat products with the introduction of Romanian barbecues, etc., into the Chinese market. Chinese meat products are still in their initial stages, and this year we will increase the promotion of Chinese meat products to create cooked food around Henan.
At the same time, in 2019, the company will continue its high-end development of meat products, pushing up the overall average price of meat products by adjusting the structure of the products and increasing the price of some of them. In 2019, the swine plague was good for the company’s slaughter business, and it was possible to do so through cross-regional distribution measures.
In addition to this increase, it is possible to raise prices without taking into account the share of proceeds per share, which is expected to yield business income of $52.5 billion in 2019, an increase of 5.37 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
Africa's swine plague is uncontrollable, there's been a major decline in consumption, and the company's business has been lost.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report