Two-sink development (000895), food beverages, slaughtering has increased significantly, meat products still have price increases + product structure upgrade space, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: annual company reports in 2018, yielding operating income of 48.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 3 per cent in the same year; net parent profit of 4.9 billion yuan, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; operating income of 18q4 yuan, a decrease of 7 per cent in the same year; net parent profit of 1.3 billion yuan, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year, a slight increase in profit over market expectations.
• Frozen meat: The triple factors of pigpest, pig cycle, trade friction influence income growth, and move flexibly across regions to raise net interest rates. Africa’s pigpest epidemic continues to spread, the supply of raw pigs shrinks, and the cross-provincial embargo has led to the differentiation of pig prices in different regions, with average pork prices maintaining their upward trend overall.
The ring rose by about 3.4 per cent and fell by 5.3 per cent the same year, with a narrow decline. 1. Sales and revenues: pigpest + pig cycle + trade friction and frozen meat sales contracted. 18q4 companies sold 380,000 tons of fresh meat, a decline of 10 per cent the same year. The decline in sales was due to the spread of the pigpest epidemic and the spread of the pig cycle, in addition to increased trade.
The rubbing affected the sale of imported pork in the United States; the price of the overlayed pork fell on a year-on-year basis, with 18q4 companies achieving fresh and frozen meat revenues of $6.3 billion, a 13.5 per cent decline on a year-on-year basis. 2. Profit: flexible movement across regions, with significant increases in net interest rates. 18q4 fresh meat produced net profits of $360 million, an increase of 89 per cent in the same year, and a ton gain of about $942.
The increase is more than one-fold, with net interest rates of 5.7 per cent and a significant increase in profitability. The main reason is that the company has 19 slaughterhouses in 17 provinces of the country, combined with its own cold-chain transport system, selling products in different regions, earning a price difference and increasing profitability.
The period will start gradually, and the advantages of cross-regional transfers will become more apparent, with limited scope expected to reduce the profitability of the slaughter industry in the company’s current run-up of pig prices. Meat products: higher costs affect short-term profits, and price increases + product structure upgrades are expected to bring about improvements.
The meat industry has achieved 386,000 tons of sales, a drop of 2.5 per cent in the same year, income of $5.54 billion, an increase in the same cost of raw supplements; increased market input by companies, including through lower wholesale prices; 3 and higher salaries for employees. In the future, companies will hedge cost pressures through product structure upgrades and direct price increases.
(c) In addition, the company will raise prices again in the second or third quarters of the year, depending on the prices of pigs, and anticipate future meat.
In addition, the company continuously adjusts its client base to improve motivation and loyalty, laying the foundation for its long-term healthy development.
The increase in prices + product structure is expected to contribute to improved profitability The increase in profits from slaughtering and meat products is expected to result in a sustained improvement in double-sink development (000895).
Continuous structural improvement of meat products (2018-04-25) 4. Double-sink development (000895).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.