Merchant ship shipping performance increased significantly and the spread performance was expected to recover in 2024 The company disclosed a year-round performance in 2023 of 25,881 million yuan in operating income, a decline of 12.88 per cent in comparison with the year, a net profit on maternity of $4,837 million, a decrease of 4.92 per cent compared with the year, a decline in revenue for the dry bulk and container transport markets, a decrease in revenue for the dry bulk fleets and the container transport fleets, and a similar decrease in the transport of tankers
The US Gulf and Russian crude oil exports are up, and the prices of oil shipments are up. The company’s oil tanker industry has been operating at $3,837 million a year, with net profits of $3,083 million, up from last year’s.
249.18 The higher performance than in the previous year was mainly due to the sharp rise in the international crude oil transport market, with global demand for tons of crude oil rising by 6.8 per cent in the Atlantic Ocean region to Asian exports, which, according to Clarkson, averaged an average of $35,459 per day on the td3c route in January-December 2023, an increase of 111 per cent over the same period.
vlccday average tce increased by 64% and aframax by 50%. On the other hand, despite the large number of single suezmax tankers and vlcc tankers that some shipowners have laid down since last year, the share of global tankers holding orders remains low in the last 30 years.
Currently, the Vlcc tankers operating on the company ' s spot market in 2023 performed fairly evenly for four quarters, with an average of tce close to $50,000 per day.
In effect, the average current prices of the main route dropped significantly, down from the same level in 2019, with a 66% decline in the January-December average of ccfi and a marked decline in the profitability of the company’s fleet.
There has been a steady and steady rise, and in 2024 we expected demand growth in 2024 in tons of crude oil to remain the same as in 2023, owing to the expansion of trends in Asia’s crude oil exports in the Atlantic and the Gulf, long-range Russian and European maritime trade, and the situation in the Red Sea. Meanwhile, in 2024 we were guided by emission reduction measures such as eexi, cii, etc.
As a result of the impact of the ship's downswing and the temporary departure of ships from the market for energy-saving remodelling, sulfur towers and so on, fleet power supply will tend to shrink, with high exports in the Gulf of the United States and Russia in the medium to long term, and new orders will be based on market prices on April 22, 2024.
The demand for oil transport fell short of expectations, the price of fuel rose significantly, and the demand for bulking and clustering fell short of expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Transport: shipping ports