The oil spill resonance has increased upwards, and in the medium term it is expected to achieve a fraction of a billion dollars in transport and shipping ports, an increase of 6.30 per cent in the same year, a net return of 1.375 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 22.62 per cent in the same year.
Tanker operations performed well, with double-digit growth over the same period. In the first quarter, Opec+ continued to decrease production, and in China crude oil imports were lower than expected, but supply and demand patterns in tanker transport markets continued to improve steadily, current freight costs remained healthy, forward (lease) freight and ship assets prices steadily increased, December 2024
In February of that year, the average value of the vlccd3c shipment was $41,747 per day, an increase of 21 per cent from the previous year. Only one Vlcc was delivered in 2024, with a rigid contraction on the supply side expected to lead to continued high prices.
The bdi average for January-March was 1833 points, representing an increase of 84.68%, and the bdi index was the highest for the same period in almost eight years. The sight-seeing bulk carriers performed particularly well, for the best quarter since 2010.
With the expansion of the fresh water valley, the dispersion is expected to maintain a higher profile. The fleet growth logic is fulfilled, ng remains stable and gathers up for industrial rehabilitation.
The return on lang ' s investment has remained relatively stable, but the profit from the llumps is only $104 million, the Merchant Ship (601872.sh) - an increase of 40 per cent, and the bulk price of 2024 oils has fallen by 50.94 per cent compared to the current unstable situation in the Red Sea.
Merchant Ship (601872.sh)-q3 Merchant Ship Centralization Tower Impacts Operation Day, Waiting for Wang season Bombs. Commercial Ship Bulletin Medium-Term Red Divide Plan, strongly reported to investors. 29 April, Merchant Ship Board, Merchant Ship Recruiting (601872.sh)-Integrator Flexibility, expected to continue to grow.
Merchant Ship (601872.sh) - 22 years ' net profit exceeded $5 billion, 23 years ' spread of oil and found that the sum of the gold dividend did not exceed 50 per cent of the net profit attributable to listed shareholders realized in the current period.
It is hoped to achieve the first medium-term bonus since the company's listing, highlighting the company's investment enhancement proposal: Resonance with the proliferation of oil in 2024, full release of elasticity in the season, and the launch of a commercial ship in the first quarter of 2024.
Increase of 6.30 per cent in the same year, net return profit of 1,375 million yuan in the same year, or 22.62 per cent in the same year, and non-repatriation in the same year.
Figure 3: Quarterly operating income and growth of merchant ship fleets, Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and increase of merchant ship fleets Quarterly net profit and speed
Less than expected, however, the supply and demand pattern of the tanker transport market continues to be stable, with current freight costs remaining healthy, with an average shipping value of $41,747 per day, an increase of 21 per cent compared with the previous year. The growth in the prices of the industry and the company’s operating days resulted in a business income of $2,553 million for merchant tankers, an increase of 5.37 per cent over the 5.37 per cent.
Māori is 870 million yuan, an increase of 13.87 per cent. Looking ahead, only one Vlcc can be delivered in 2024, a rigid contraction on the supply side is expected to lead to continued high prices, a “slow season and a better season” of dry cargo prices, and a elasticity in the performance of merchant ships.
In January-March, the average value of bdi was 1833 points, representing an increase of 84.68 per cent, and the bdi index was the highest for the same period in almost eight years. Good-looking bulk carriers performed particularly brightly for the best quarter since 2010.
With the expansion of fresh water valleys, dispersed transport is expected to maintain a high temperature. The fleet growth logic is fulfilled, ng is stable, and the fleet is still waiting to be repaired.
While achieving Māori of 80 million yuan, an increase of 116.22 per cent over the previous year, the expansion of the foreign trade fleet has led to higher corporate performance and the return on investment of ng has remained relatively stable, but the profit from the aggregating plates has been only $104 million, a decrease of 50.94 per cent over the same period, we believe that, given the current precarious situation in the Red Sea, the performance of the aggregating plates is expected to be restored.
On April 29, the board of directors of merchant ships considered adopting the 2024 medium-term plan, which was to be based on the total equity as of June 30, 2024, and found that the total gold dividend did not exceed 50 per cent of the net profits (combined statement caliber) of the current period attributable to listed shareholders.
It is hoped that the first medium-term dividends from the company’s listing will be achieved, and that the firm’s determination to increase investors’ returns will be demonstrated. In 2024, it is hoped that the resonance will be achieved, that the season elasticity will be fully released, and that the authors will maintain that the data used in the report will be based on compliance channels; and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author