National Team for Infrastructure Operation Services, Comprehensive Digital Transformation Aid — China Connect (600050.sh) company dynamic study — one of the three major telecommunications operators with steady growth in performance
Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn China Connect was consolidated in January 2009 by former China Net and former China Connect $105052111006
As a result, the company has a modern communications network covering the entire country and reaching the world, providing a full range of high-quality information and communication services for a wide range of users, including mobile broadband, communications services and other related value-added services, and is one of the three major telecommunications operators in the country.
One. While building on basic business, the development opportunities surrounding the construction of the country's “cyber powers, numbers, China, intelligent society”, the company was positioned during the 1455s as “the Digital Information Infrastructure Operation Service Team, the Network Power Digital China Wisdom”.
Social construction majors, digital technology convergence and innovation leaders, with a focus on the five major pillars of “Great Connectivity, Big Computation, Big Data, Big Applications, Great Security”, full-scale energy, and the digital economy major shipping lanes, which have led to steady growth in performance: corporate revenue collection.
5g and broadband “two gigabytes” driven by steady growth in basic operations, and with the end of the “speed-down fee”, operators began to move into the “promotion-efficiency” phase. Companies pursued 5g and broadband “two gigabytes” of strategic opportunities.
The total number of broadband users rose from 86.1 million in 2019 to 99.4 million in 2022h1, integrating broadband, arithmetic, and the creation of a network of political and business excellence.
On 3 November 2022, the company obtained approval from the Ministry of Labour to recultivate the current 904-915/949-960 MHz frequency band (9000mhz band) for the 5g system and 900mhz frequency set-up for the 2g/3g/4g system.
With low transmission losses, wide coverage, high penetration capacity, low network deployment costs, etc., are globally recognized as the “gold” frequency of mobile public communications. This approval allowed companies to quickly push 5g in rural and remote areas with less investment.
Coverage, promotion of the capacity of the basic network, further enhancement of corporate competition, adaptation to the digital economy, where the industrial Internet has become a new growth in performance, the country's focus on the digital economy has continued to increase since the beginning of the year, January 2022.
The State Council issued the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, followed by Xi Jinping General Secretary, who is seeking to publish in the magazine " Keeping doing what is best for the digital economy of our country " , and in November the National Development and Revision Commission published the Report on Digital Economic Development, figures.
The economy has become a national development strategy and has become the driving force behind the country's economic development, with a digital economy of 45.5 trillion yuan in 2021, or 39.8 per cent of gdp, with telecommunications operators with networks, data, technology and use.
The advantages are, for example, the enablers of digital infrastructure. In keeping with the trends of the digital economy in the industry, China has vigorously developed its industrial Internet operations, generating $5.315 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 29.9% in the income of the main battalion.
A high 22.2 per cent represents a new engine for growth in corporate performance, including: 1) idc operations: optimizing the "5+4+31+x" resource layout, focusing on key areas such as Kyunjin, Long Triangular, Hong Kong and Australasia, improving the quality and efficiency of arithmetic services,
18.61 billion yuan (+12.9 per cent) in the third quarter; 2) cloud operations: sustained abundance of cloud products, servicing of multi-area digital government cloud construction and the transformation of Chinese government figures, 26.870 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the connection
142.0 per cent; 3) Large data operations: Building product systems, deep-farm digital government, digital finance, etc., based on data governance and data security long-plate excellence, with a revenue of $2.77 billion (+56.3 per cent) achieved in the previous three quarters.
According to the General Directorate for the Supervision of the National Markets, China's affiliates have been linked to the creation of new joint ventures, which have been approved without conditions.
The joint venture is mainly involved in content distribution networks (cdn) and peripheral computing, based on autonomous research and development, and forms a complete cdn/mec platform.
Since August 2017, when it became a strategic shareholder in the China-China network, the two sides have cooperated in the fields of data centres, cloud services, etc., and China-based connectivity has the advantage of networks, channels, and customer resources.
With the resources of technology, users, and so on, the creation of a joint venture has helped to complement each other’s strengths and expand more industrial Internet operations. We appreciate the steady growth in corporate infrastructure and the digital economy’s growth.
Opportunities for industrial Internet business development. Forecasting net profit shares of companies 2022-2024. Persistence risks of market competition, underdevelopment of basic business, slow development of the digital economy, lower than expected risks of industrial Internet operations, macroeconomics.
Computers & small and medium-sized plate groups introduce machines and small and medium-sized industry companies to the market.
Ren Chun-yang: Master of Economics, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021, joined by Hsiao Shige: Master of Arts, National University of Australia, reflecting my research views. I did not, and will not be, pushed forward in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.