The 900mhz band was approved for 5g commercial, network competitiveness Summary of events: 3 November 2022, the company's final parent company, the China United Network Communications Group (CUT)
The company has been informed by the Ministry of Industry and Communications that it will be authorized to recultivate 900mhz frequency spectrum resources for use in the 5g sector.
With the deployment of major decisions on the quality of life, further upgrading the coverage of 5g signals in rural and remote areas, and increasing the support of radio spectrum resources for the high-quality development of 5g, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology has approved that China will use the 904-915/949-960 MHz band now used in the 2g/3g/4g system (9000mhz frequency)
This will be done by the company’s subsidiary, China United Network Communications Ltd. 900mhz gold band, which is expected to significantly improve network quality and reduce network construction costs.
The 900mhz frequency is characterized by low transmission loss, wide coverage, high penetration capability, low cost of network deployment, and is a globally recognized “gold” frequency of mobile public communications, as well as early 2g public mobile communications
The main frequency bands used by the system s01052110003. Previously, the distribution of the 5g frequency bands in the country was 2.6 ghz for mobile monogamy, 700 mhz/4.9 ghz for mobile cellular power, and 3.5 ghz for telecommunications connectivity, 2.1 ghz for this reason.
Telecommunications has saved significant capital costs through co-construction, but coverage, construction costs, user s01052209005
The cost side is at a disadvantage of 700mhz; this time, the Ministry of Information and Communications approved China Connect to operate 5g with 900mhz frequency bands, which will facilitate China Connect ' s rapid promotion of 5g coverage in rural and remote areas with less investment, and help consumers in rural and remote areas to improve access to high-quality 5g services and expand low-frequency areas
5g industrial space, further anchoring our network for high-quality development. In view of the shared partnership between telecommunications and telecommunications links, we believe that 900mhz telecommunications links continue to build the shared 5g system together.
Assessment: The potential for steady growth in basic business, high industrial Internet, and future telecom 800mhz bands are also likely to be used for 5g network co-sharing.
Investment proposals: When approved for 5g commercial use, 900mhz will effectively reduce connectivity and upgrade the quality of the network, thereby upgrading the company's related business (mobile, proprietary, industrial Internet) Assessment: steady progress in solid migration operations and accelerated growth of the industrial Internet
We expect the net return profits of the company for the period 2022-2024 to be evaluated separately: focus on five major major players, full-scale dynamic digital economy - 33 times the annual valuation hub. Maintain the `recommended' rating.
Review: Double-tracking: double-speed revenue collection, industrial networking to release new dynamic energy - 2022/03/14 - methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.