Event: Annual report of the company for 2016 with business income of $20,741 million in the reporting period, an increase of 15.54 per cent over the same period in the previous year; realization of net ownership of shareholders in listed companies
The company issued its first quarterly report in 2017, with operating income of $4.812 billion for the reporting period, an increase of 8.73 per cent over the same period in the previous year; realized net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $227 million, an increase of 5.87 per cent over the same period in the previous year; realized net profits of $224 million after deduction, an increase of 4.50 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and a basic per share of proceeds of $0.13, a better-than-low full-power static effect, with industry still at the beginning.
There is still a gap between the country’s overall power supply and the world’s leading levels, so it has not yet been used on a large scale. Full power is a strategic development for all countries because of the low noise and environmental friendliness of the operation. The company’s full power technology is in the lead domestically, and its subsidiaries and subsidiaries are mainly engaged in power propulsion system integration (conventional, electric), car wheel support, power supply systems, and noise reduction.
The integration of the ship ' s power station system, provided by the Shanghai propulsion, includes the design of electrical systems, diesel generators, the design and set of turbine units, the design of the main distribution boards, the design and manufacture of station monitoring devices by the Mavong Research Assistant, and is expected to increase further profits in the future as the full power market size increases.
The nuclear power industry holds orders, profits are being released. The company’s subsidiaries, Hai Wang Nuclear, special equipment, are mainly involved in the design, manufacture, etc. of civilian nuclear power-related equipment. The main application of marine nuclear power is the supply of electricity on the island. As our development in the South China Sea increases, the demand for nuclear power will be released gradually. According to information from the International Shipnet, the company now has orders to build 20 marine nuclear power platforms in the future.
“Property countries’ entrepreneurship reform, new energy development, business development opportunities, total investment of 40 billion yuan, and a gradual release of Blue Sea values.” Profit predictions and ratings: corporate full power and nuclear power operations are growing well, but due to the impact of the global ship industry’s cold winter, the company’s ship operations are short-term
Risk factors for Sinda Securities Co., Inc., Ltd., risk factors: 1, military orders uncertain; and 2, ship industry recovery below expectations.
\triangleright, the front page of the company's financial data \
Liu Qiang, Engineer, Bachelor of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Zhejiang University, six years of work experience in the new energy industry: the first in the country to start new energy industries such as power cells, photovoltaic plants, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development, and resource endowments: good at tapping investment opportunities and balancing cycles and growth from market and industrial development.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.