Researchchand developmentcenter is already a cliff of ice.
It's already a cliff of ice, and it's drizzled on the path of internationalization. Since the second quarter of 2021, the tyre industry has been transported by sea.
It is no longer true that the two-inverse effects are under pressure, but sea transport accounts for more than 70 per cent of the race wheels (601058) for continued internationalization, but two-to-three-quarters, although it is true, are covered by sea transport.
But three quarters of revenue is over-drawn, and two consecutive two-quarters of profits are the highest for listed tyres, which underscores the importance of internationalization. Companies have been internationalized well enough, not to remain exported from China, but to do better in overseas markets and overseas production layouts.
The company, the first to produce capacity in Viet Nam, has grown at a high rate in the last three years, and the factory in Viet Nam has done a great job. Since 2018, the company’s performance has gone into a high rate of growth, with net profits running from 6.57 in 2018. One of the core of the high profit margin is the low tax rate on exports to the United States and the European market in 2020.
In May 2021, the U.S. launched a two-way counter-survey with Thailand, Vietnam, South Korea, and Taiwan. Under the new two-way pressure, many tire companies set up the second overseas factory, despite the fact that the first overseas factory of the company is located in Vietnam for the current round of double counter-tax rates.
The lowest area, but the company started planning for a second factory abroad for the first time, and on 9 March 2021, the company announced the establishment of a Cambodian factory, which was then replenished to design 9 million steel products per year.
The company is now accelerating construction of the Cambodian factory, which is expected to be ready for early production by the end of 2021, with a positive contribution from the Cambodian factory in 2022, and the company will be the first tyre in the country to produce a second overseas factory.
China’s tyre industry, which wants to make a breakthrough in brand names, has only increased and dropped (%) in the last month. Marketing alone is not enough. In the last five years, China’s tyre industry has emerged as a leader, and it has begun to be a strong pitcher.
In R & D, but even today, most tyre enterprises actually spend their R & D costs on product start-up shares (%) and on basic tyre research. But this is true for Chinese tyres.
In addition to traditional tyre materials, companies have jointly developed “liquid gold” tyre materials with national scientists, and are now experimenting to promote and locate high-end areas, which are expected to be new drivers of corporate performance.
Tyre materials are a wet-combined glue that overcomes the "demon triangle" of traditional tyres, and increases significantly in their roll resistance, grindability, and water resistance. And, compared to traditional tyres, liquid gold tyres achieve lower consumption throughout their life cycle of production and use.
At present, liquid gold tyres that use new liquid gold materials are entering production tests in the public sector, first entering the market from end-b users such as heavy cards, and at the same time signing strategic collaborations with firms such as Tri-Io jobs. Client feedback is good, high-tech, high-quality products are expected.
Further increase the company’s product and brand power, increase the company’s product premium, and move ahead to high-end markets in comparison with shoulder-to-back international brands. The marginal improvement has now returned to fast lanes in 2022.
4.59 billion yuan, an increase of 5.21 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 299 million yuan, a decrease in the same year, and 18.65 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 1,002 million yuan, a decrease in the same year.
In addition to the increase in the cost of sea freight and the price of raw materials in the second and third quarters of the 9th Alteration House, west corner of Beijing, three quarters.
The intensification of the disease in Viet Nam has led to a decline in the start-up rate of the company’s factory. Since the beginning of the fourth quarter, the factors that have affected the tyre industry and the company have become evidently marginal.
In Viet Nam, the government’s policy to control the epidemic has been gradually liberalized, the factory start-up rate has recovered, companies have moved fast in 2022, and the global tyre market is consuming more than $1 trillion a year, although it is not a fast-growing new industry, but it is stable.
Because 80% of the world’s tyres are consumed directly by stock owners at the end of 2c. Special factors such as the economy, epidemics, etc., cause large fluctuations in the global volume of new vehicles, but the number of stock cars has been growing.
And because 80% of tyres are consumed at the end of 2c, tyres are not just car spare parts, but rather a consumption track. This is detailed in our paper Rings of the Age of Tyre Consumption.
At the same time, tyres are manufacturing, and their manufacturing efficiency is a crucially competitive one, and that is undoubtedly the case, but despite the ten years of heavy fighting, sharp polarization and consolidation, China’s tyre industry has emerged as a few firm leaders. They have a global market share of less than 2%.
So, in an industry such as a mature market for tyres, the point of investment is undoubtedly to select the Chinese tyreseeds that will be able to enter the world in the future.
The goal is far-reaching, but the way is one step by step. Today's Chinese tire industry has two dimensions of growth that require efforts: horizontal fattening, large-scale, high-marketing; vertical height, brand-up, price-raising; horizontally, China's companies rely on the Chinese market, or bold internationalization, seed players.
In terms of vertical strength, whether to raise brand image through marketing, or to create a brand through hard-power products, seed players have different choices. In 2021, China’s tyre industry experienced multiple unexpected difficulties, with price fluctuations in raw materials starting at the beginning of the year.
The second quarter began with tight maritime traffic, with high shipping prices, and three quarters of a repeat outbreak in South-East Asia. But, when the good times come, the flowers are too high to judge the strategic choices, and it is hard to find out who is on the right path.
It's a cliff of ice, and it's beautiful, and it's only spring, and she laughs in the bushes when it's all over.
In this year's predicament, the internationalization of the wheel tires and the pursuit of R & D led to the Chinese tyre industry. Investors should be grateful for this year's difficulties. They are the best teststones, creating the best identification and matching.
The third quarter of this year was the most difficult time, but now the raw materials, the shipping, the disease are all on the edge, and the wheel tires will be back on the fast track in 2022. The road to internationalization is running. From 2018 to 2020, the leading domestic firms achieved a wave of rapid growth and significant growth.
But we believe that the success of the wheels is not only in the overseas plant, but also in its more international and long-term development. Since the 2nd Litre in 2021, the tyre industry has been under pressure from shipping and double-reverse influence, but the sea has become unchallenged.
Transport is theoretically more under pressure for continued dynamic internationalization, with exports accounting for more than 70% of the wheels, but two to three quarters, while it is true that the profits from maritime transport are being overstretched, three quarters of revenue has been the highest in a row, two consecutive quarters being the highest in a listed tyre business, which underscores the importance of internationalization. Companies are doing well to internationalize, not by China, but by China.
As a result of this year’s US backlash against the South-East Asian region, many of the country’s leading tyre manufacturers began to build their second overseas bases.
At the end of the year, Cambodian factories are expected to come into production, and the wheel speed is once again leading China’s tyre industry. With the low tax rates of Cambodian factories and the ease of transportation with Vietnamese factories, companies are expected to further increase the profitability of overseas factories and continue to raise their share of international markets.
But we believe that the company is a small part of the domestic tyre industry, and even of the international tyre industry, that it is actually working on the path to getting on, or even catching on, one. The company relies on experts such as Yinjin, and the research resources of Qingshima Rubber Valley, among the many stages of tyre production, which are the most nuclear.
The material field of the heart has made a breakthrough, revolution has made it possible to invent “liquid gold” that is wet-combined, and liquid gold has overcome the “demon triangle” of traditional tyres, with significant increases in rolling resistance, grinding, and waterproofing. Currently, liquid gold tyres with new liquid gold materials are in the company’s production test phase, starting with heavy cards, and starting with the b-end.
Users enter the market and sign strategic collaborations with firms such as Trinity Workers. Client feedback is good. High-tech, high-quality products are expected to further enhance the company ' s product and brand power, increase the company ' s product premium, and move ahead with high-end markets by comparison with the cross-country brand.
From 2018 to 2020, production from the company’s forward-looking Viet Nam overseas production base and Vietnamese factories was gradually released, with net profits rising from 657 million yuan to 1.52 billion yuan, with annual compound increases reaching 52%. In the first quarter of 2021, after the United States imposed double counter-tax rates on Thailand, Viet Nam, South Korea, and Taiwan, China.
As the company has the lowest tax rate in the Viet Nam region, the company achieved a single-quarter profit increase of 49.9 per cent in the first quarter of the year.In the second and third quarter of 2021, the cost-end natural rubber prices rose owing to a significant increase in freight costs and transport constraints on its exports, the production end-of-Viet Nam epidemic led to a decline in the start-up rate of Vietnamese factories, and three factors led to the company ' s overall profits in the second and third quarters.
But since the fourth quarter of 2021, all the factors that have affected corporate profits have improved marginally, the freight side, the shipping side has shown signs of easing, the freight line between East Asia and the US and Europe has started to decline marginally, the cost side has been transferred downstream as tyre companies have generally issued price increases, and the pressure at the cost side has been passed down, and the government of Viet Nam has gradually adopted a policy of control of the epidemic.
Let go, the plant starts up again. And we believe that the main factors affecting corporate profits in the 2-3 quarters are short-term factors, that the company’s long-term high-speed growth over the next three years remains the same, and that as the company’s plant in Viet Nam returns to normality and its capacity continues to fall, the company is not expected to continue at a compound rate of more than 25 per cent in the next three years.
The impact of price fluctuations in raw materials in 2021 was fair to all tyre businesses, but the impact of maritime transport was different for each company because of the distribution of income among companies. The distribution of income from round tyres was more in line with the distribution of global demand for tyres and the distribution of income from overseas.
This year, shipping costs rose sharply, compromising the profits of companies with a higher share of overseas revenues. Maritime transport began to become tight in the second quarter, with a hard-to-reach container affecting the delivery of tyres.
But the three-quarter income of the wheel tires, mainly from overseas, has increased slightly over the second quarter, exceeding the three-quarter income of the tires, and the three-quarter income of the tires has fallen. The three-quarter profit of the tires has also been equal to the two-quarter profit, exceeding the three-quarter profit of the tires, and the three-quarter profit of the tires.
Figure 2 q3 single quarter income of tyre plates (in billions) Figure 4 round wheels, 24 consecutive quarterly earnings of Linglong (in billions) Figure 5: 24 consecutive quarterly profits of wheels and Linglong (in billions)
Even in the midst of unprecedented maritime difficulties, the performance of tyre-based enterprises, dominated by overseas markets, is strong; domestic-based firms, even if not involved in maritime transport difficulties, cannot avoid the effects of excessive competition in domestic markets. The international giant tyre companies have infiltrated every market in the world, while the number of firms in the hundreds of tyre-based enterprises in China that are able to compete strongly in the European and American markets is not the same.
So, by contrast, enterprises with the capacity to go out face more orderly competition in overseas markets than in domestic markets. Michelin is France’s tyre company, the world’s largest tyre company, but there is no way that Michelin would have been in today’s position if France’s market dominated it.
The internationalization of the wheel tires has gone well, not from China, but from the high growth of overseas markets and production abroad in the last three years, and from Vietnam’s factories. The high growth in company performance since 2018 is due to the fact that Vietnam’s factory production is on the slope, the level of profitability remains high, and the profit contribution is a year-on-year ratio.
In Viet Nam, the second full-scale steel plant was expanded from 800,000/year to 1.6 million/year in 2020, and the rate of plant start-up was rising year by year, with production increasing gradually. The net profits of Vietnamese subsidiaries in the 2018 - 2021h1 round were 510 million, respectively, and the profits of the Vietnamese plant remained high compared to the domestic plant, remaining above 24% in 2019 - 2020.
The central reason is that Vietnam’s factories export lower taxes on tyres in Europe and America. We believe that the company’s profits are expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, if not affected by an epidemic or by factors such as freight costs, as the company’s capacity, especially overseas, continues to grow.
In terms of future growth in the productive capacity of companies: In terms of overseas production capacity, in January 2021, the company announced three projects in Viet Nam, which will design three phases of a half-steel production of 3 million births per year, 1 million births per year and 50,000 non-road tyres for all steel, and in March, the project in Cambodia.
According to the company’s current plan, the construction cycles for Viet Nam III and Cambodia are 24 months and are expected to be ready for production by the end of 2022, but we believe that the company’s Cambodian plant and Viet Nam are expected to invest in the third phase by the end of 2021, based on the actual commissioning of the company’s factories over the years.
At the same time, the company’s second phase of production in Viet Nam is expected to add 2 million and a half steel production capacity this year, while Viet Nam’s joint venture factory (actr) has completed 2.4 million full-time production this year, with new technology expected in 2022.
With regard to domestic production capacity, the Shenyang Smart Plant 3.3 million full-bore projects are expected to be completed this year, with full production achieved in 2022, 7 million half-bore projects are expected to be completed in 2022, and 1.2 million full-bore and 6 million half-bores are expected to be completed in the Far East Camp in 2022.
Looking back at the history of Chinese tyres built overseas and running against the European-American tariff barrier policy, in order to capture Europe and the United States, the world ' s largest tyre market, the race round won in the first round with a forward-looking view, and in the second round with a two-way counter, companies have taken advantage of low-tax capacity.
In 2015, with a double counter-policies towards Chinese tyre enterprises, China ' s exports declined significantly as a result of high tax rates, with a number of enterprises starting to build plants abroad, with locations concentrated in Thailand and Viet Nam, with Thailand ' s tires being chosen by a larger number of directors, such as Linglong (2014), Senlong (2015) and China Policy, and the race round was guided by trends in 2012.
In May 2020, the United States launched a double counter-survey on Korea, Thailand, Viet Nam, and Taiwan, China, in May 2021.
The monthly counter-tax rate was officially set at 14.62 per cent to 21.09 per cent for Thailand and 22.27 per cent for Korea (0 per cent for the Viet Nam company and 6.23 per cent for the countervailing duty). With the landing of the United States counter-invest rate for South-East Asia, from a regional perspective, the Thai tax rate for centralized plants in China was significantly higher than for the round.
Vietnam, where overseas factories are located, is also the lowest-taxed company in this round of double counter-investigation from the inside of Vietnam’s tyres. Vietnam became a cost base for exporting the US market.
In Serbia, Sencon was chosen in Spain, in Cambodia, in general, and in early 2021, in Cambodia, where the wheels announced the second overseas plant. The company chose Cambodia because Cambodia exported US products, and there was no double counter-tax rate, on the one hand, and because the Cambodian factory was very close to the company's Vietnamese factory, and it was convenient.
Co-management and construction of companies. From the date of commissioning, the round is still leading other companies in the industry, and the Cambodian factory is expected to start in late 2021, becoming the first Chinese tyre company to produce a second overseas factory, while Viet Nam's third-phase plant is expected to start in late 2021, and the company is expected to take advantage of the low tax rate to further upgrade overseas.
As new capacity becomes available, the company will continue to grow its production over the next five years, supporting its performance. In 2022, output growth in the company’s home came from the Shenyang Smart Plant Project (all steel) and the mill technology improvement project (half steel + steel).
The increase in production is expected to be 2,34 million steels and 5.7 million steels in small parts of the Qingjia project. The increase in overseas production is mainly due to the new production capacity of Viet Nam in three phases (half steel plus steel) and Cambodia in one phase (half steel) and an increase in the start-up rate in Viet Nam, which is expected to increase the production of 610,000 steel and 5.180,000 steel.
In 2023, the growth in domestic output of the company was mainly due to the Eastern Battalion project (half steel) and the mill technology improvement project (half steel + whole steel) The output is expected to increase by 480,000 steels and 5.1 million steels; the growth in overseas production is mainly due to the upturn in production in Viet Nam during three phases (half steel + all steel) and Cambodia project (half steel) and is expected to increase production by 330,000 steels and half steels.
The price of Chinese tyres cannot be 80% if they can achieve the international level of 80% of first-line tyre products. Because the lifting and price increases of consumer goods are not linear, this is what we're working on in Racer Tyres: Swords, New White Horses, New Consumption!
In the last five years, China's tyre industry has emerged as a leader and is beginning to have the power to invest in research and development, but even today, most tyre companies actually spend their research and development costs on product development, and are involved in the basic research of tyres. Research at this level in tyres is like research on innovative medicines, and it takes ten years of loneliness to be able to hold on to it.
China’s tyre companies should look at the gap between the 100-year-old world’s first-class business products, not be lost in marketing prematurely, but devote their energies to upgrading the hard power of their own products. Tyres are consumer goods, but tyres are hard-core consumer goods for their performance, because drivers and passengers entrust their lives to rolling tyres.
In addition to traditional tyre materials, the company, together with national scientists, has developed “liquid gold” tyre materials, which are now being tested and tested for replication, targeting high-end areas and promising to become a new driver of company performance.
Tyre production is divided into five main steps: smelting, squeezing, stretching, forming, and sulfurization. The formulation of the smelting process determines the basic performance of the basic materials of the tires, the structure of the formation process determines the performance of the differentiating tyres, and the higher technology of the company's “liquid gold” material is the new material for high-performance rubber using “chemical smelting”.
The process of mixing natural rubbers, synthetic rubbers, carbon blacks, assistants, mechanically driven physical mixes is very expensive and difficult to achieve even dispersion, so the function of filling molecules between filling molecules and filling molecules is very difficult.
It can mix faster and more evenly, and the white carbon black in a unit of mass is three times larger in the surface area than conventional physical smelting. The resulting rubber material, the white black and the inter-molecular strength of the rubber, reduces rolling resistance and also safeguards the wearability of the rubber.
Cover coverage, which is referred to as “liquidgold” (liquid gold), is presented in the cover article of the journal International Tire Technology, Figure 13: Liquid gold companies have focused their research on the application of liquid gold materials and have developed a new generation of “liquid gold” tyres.
This tyre breaks the demonic triangle in the production of tyres, i.e. rolling resistance, grinding performance, water resistance, etc., cannot be satisfied at the same time, and “liquid gold” tyres have significantly improved their performance in all three categories. In addition to the demonic triangle that can overcome them, the entire process of producing and using tyres can significantly reduce their energy consumption and decrease their use.
Carbon emissions. In the process of use, liquid gold tyres can significantly reduce the fuel consumption of cars while driving by reducing their own rolling resistance. The company's test in Japan shows that $880 tyres are better oil-efficient than Japanese first-line products.
About 2 tons, or 6.8 per cent less than traditional green tyres; heavy-duty truck measurements, compared to average tyres on the market (rolling block level D), are estimated to be 400,000 kilometres by 22 liquid gold tyres, which can save about 246,000 litres of oil and reduce CO2 emissions by about 65.48 tons; and production energy consumption is also significantly reduced by not using a mix of traditional physical machinery.
Another point worth noting is that this material was developed by all of our scientists, and that the laboratories used were closely linked to the wheel group. Professor Wang Monjoo, who worked in Kabote before 1998, conducted a study on the blending of natural glue and carbon black and humid methods.
The first experiment to mix rubber and fillings with continuous liquids was patented, and in 2016 Wang Monjo showed the appearance of wet-method smelting glue at the European tires academic conference, which received a high degree of academic and industrial appreciation and attention, and in 2019 liquid gold was started to be supplied to a number of car mainframes, with evaluation data showing more than 40 per cent wearability and rolling.
After the outbreak reduced its resistance by more than 30%, on June 9th, 2020, the project was officially launched for the construction of a 300,000-ton wet material blending project, with a public display of liquid gold tire products from the 2021 race round. “Little gold” tyres have entered the test evaluation phase, with companies collaborating first in the area of trucking, sucking on product quality.
Quoted b-end users, using liquid gold tyres in the Trio-Tri-Tri-Tran-Tran-Tran-Tran-Tran-Ten project, were commended by the heavy-card driver. Figure 17: Trio-Ten-Ten-Ten-Ten-Ten Project
We believe that the Māori rate is expected to rise as liquid gold tyres are marketable and priced at a higher level than ordinary products, and the company ' s liquid gold tyres are priced at about 25% higher than normal tyres. Following this, there are further price increases, and as the company ' s liquid gold tyre products break through the truck tires, they are expected to move further into the use of vehicles later on, positioning themselves.
We believe that in the manufacture of tyres, materials technology is the most central and difficult technology to break through, and that companies are constantly improving their product performance with the idea of making a good tyre.
Card values are also expected to increase further, brand premiums are raised, and future tires are expected to be international, as well as international, from a brand perspective. Marginal improvements have been made, with 2022 returning to the fast track.
In the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $4,593 million, an increase of 5.21 per cent over the same period, and net repatriation profits of $299 million were affected by various factors, including maritime transport, raw materials and the epidemic, but the company ' s operating income continued to grow, continuing to increase its share of the global tyre market.
The net profits of companies have declined slightly since the second quarter, owing to pressures from various sectors, and the profit margins have declined. The south epidemic has reduced the rate of start-up at the same level as in the second quarter.
With this decline, the overall increase in product prices has been achieved, and we expect that, with improved freight costs, the company will benefit significantly from the increase in product prices in the fourth quarter.The overall pressure on the tyre industry in the country in the second and third quarters has led to a decline in corporate profitability levels, mainly due to several factors, on the one hand,
High maritime freight costs and tight container-traffic exports from the tyre industry, especially from a corporate perspective, account for about 70 per cent of the company ' s revenues, and its sales are affected to a certain extent by export restrictions; on the one hand, the cost side, the price of natural rubber rises on a year-to-day basis, while other commodity prices generally show an upward trend, while tyres do.
In addition to industry factors, Vietnam’s government has responded to the Vietnam epidemic in the last three quarters, and increased immunization measures have affected companies’ costs, first of all, maritime transport. As a result of continued congestion in global shipping, shipping costs have increased steadily since q3 in 2020, and Shanghai exports.
The container price index (scfi) has continued to climb, with the 2021q2-3scfi index increasing more than twice the same time. Because of the relatively low value of single container production and higher freight costs for tires, a significant increase in shipping costs has put some pressure on companies to bid, while the scarcity of containers has had an impact on firms’ export volumes.
Figure 21: Scfi index: At the cost end, natural rubber prices rose rapidly in the first quarter of 2021, reaching an average price of $12,209.44 per tonne for 2021q1, the highest average price in the single quarter since 2019, the return in the second and third quarter, q2 flat
The price of another important raw material, carbon black, is also high, the price of carbon black at an average price of 2021q1 is around a quarter, so the cost of gradually digesting high-priced stocks in the second and third quarters is high. According to the company ' s 2021 trim report, the company ' s four main raw materials are natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtains.
Figure 22: Natural rubber prices for 2019-2021 (in yuan/tons), in addition to industry factors, the start-up rate of companies was also affected by the Vietnam epidemic. The number of new crown cases in Viet Nam increased rapidly in May 2021, with the highest number of single-day confirmed cases exceeding 16,000, and the Government of Viet Nam implemented a strong control policy for the new crown virus, 2021
But, since the fourth quarter, the repression of companies has led to marginal improvements. First, on shipping charges, sfic suggests a flat trend and a downward trend, looking at the single route from East Asia to Europe and Europe to East Asia, the largest in September.
High-point $14,703/container down to $14,255/container, East Asia-West route prices fell from $20,586/container in September to $16,884/container by the end of October, and East Asia-East Asia route prices remained almost flat. Overall, freight costs from East Asia by companies have largely declined, and shipping costs are expected to fall in four quarters and next year.
Figure 29: From July 2021 to October 2021, when the cost of second-rate tyre raw materials moved from East Asia to Europe in single containers gradually passed on to the price of tyres. Since September, more and more tyre companies have issued price increases and, according to Tyre Commerce, about 100 tyre companies have issued price increases in October
News, a one-time increase in the prices of tyres in the domestic market ranged from 1 to 10%, the cost pressures of the second quarter of the United States market and rising energy prices, and the four-quarter increase in the Māori rate was expected to go back. The price increase for corporate products is already shown in table 5: The price increase for tyres in foreign markets is not entirely measured.
In addition to the marginal improvements at the industry level, the outbreak in Viet Nam has improved, and the company’s rate of start-up in Viet Nam has recovered to 100%. In Viet Nam, the epidemic has dropped from more than 10,000 cases per day in August to about 3,000 cases per day in October, and the government has eased its management of mobility.
Initially, Viet Nam lifted the closure measures, allowing for the return of office space, factory parks, export processing zones, etc., the resumption of normal flights in the less affected areas on 4 October, the removal on 12 October of the requirement for strong centralized isolation of passengers arriving on domestic flights, and the need for passengers to be isolated from their homes for only 7-14 days and vaccinated. As traffic control was liberalized,
The company’s sales went well, and the rate of start-up recovered noticeably. The special difficulties encountered in 2021, such as fluctuations in raw materials, sea traffic tensions, and recurrent outbreaks, all faded, and Cambodian factories began to penetrate the market quickly at the end of the year, adding value to their performance and valuation levels.
The Global Epidemic Prevention and Control is not as fast as expected, and the expansion of company capacity is not as fast as expected.
The Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, does not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.