Sea Group (002311) Agroforestry and Fishery Feeding Group (002311)
Millions of yuan, an increase of 9.72% in the same year. The net profit from the non-repatriation of $816 million, an increase of 11.91% in the same year. The basic gain per share was $0.55. In the first quarter of 2017, the company ' s feed business continued to grow, under the influence of external factors such as the decline in the pig stock.
Forage sales of 7.33 million tons, an increase of 16.37 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, aquaculture grew by 5 per cent, and poultry dropped by 1.4 percentage points, mainly because of the faster growth of low-morigin poultry and pig feed, the total equity/flow (million shares)
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) slides or is influenced by avian flu. Human exposure to avian influenza occurred in February-March 2017, resulting in a setback in the domestic consumption of poultry meat and eggs, which is passed on to farming.
The Big Sea Group Express and its recent bulletin points have had a negative impact on the demand for poultry.
The upturn is related to the increase in aquatic inputs or the increase in the price of water products. Currently, as the weather turns warm and the temperature returns, human exposure to avian flu is decreasing, we expect the negative effects on the growth and growth of avian materials will gradually fade, and later levels are expected to increase.
The expected increase in pig stock and water product prices is clearer, and it is expected that the increase in pig and aquatic materials will continue at a faster pace. Therefore, we expect that the company will increase its annual feed sales throughout 2017 by $287 million, an increase of 63.33% over the same period.
This is due mainly to an increase in the ratio of animal-movement protection products to the low Māori rate (20-30%). Corporate-movement insurance markets account for a lower share, with only 2% and livestock.
In the future, as the technology matures, there will be greater scope for growth. In 2016, the farm business produced 300,000 pigs, an increase of more than 300 per cent over the same year, with a net profit of an estimated $90 million.
With the combination of divisional and farm households, the focus of the previous period was on Guangdong Province. The growth of self-sustaining production was slowed, and the company and farmer model could continue to be evaluated by the Great China Group (002311); the feeder industry moved fast, and the farming relay was maintained.
The company has moved to Guangxi and Guizhou, among others, and has now concluded strategic cooperation agreements with several local governments. Overall, it is expected that pig farming will continue fast over the next five years.
3. Equity incentives bind interest bonds and promote corporate development. Recently, the company published a restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2016 and completed its first award, covering 1373 nuclear-minded members, with a limited stock of 40,283.2 million shares. March 2017, core team staff.
Shares, purchase of 72.02 million shares. Equity incentives and the implementation of employee-equity schemes bind interest ties between employees and shareholders, contributing to higher levels of corporate governance and long-term development. 4. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
5. Risk factors. Forage sales have not increased as expected, and the speed of operations for conservation and farming has been reduced.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.