Breaking through the odds, sailing off events: in recent days, China Group published its annual report for 2016 and its quarterly report for 2017. In 2016, the company achieved business income of $27,185 million, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the previous year; Xuhai Group (002311.sz)
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies is now 856 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.72 per cent over the same period, and is approximately 0.55 yuan per share. In the first quarter of 2017, operating income was 5,466 million yuan, an increase of 0.84 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. The feed business, as the company’s core owner, played a major role in contributing to performance.
In the aquaculture sector, aquaculture is affected by heavy rains, deteriorating water quality and flooding peaks, high mortality or escape rates for water products, long periods of disinfection after floods, a period when aquaculture in the affected areas is largely out of business and water feed needs are weak; in the livestock industry, water quality and disease are expected to affect, with a significant reduction in stock levels and low incentives for refilling, leading to a greater impact on the demand for fodder in the affected areas.
In the face of adversity, the company was tested by the sale of 7.33 million tons of feed throughout 2016, an increase of 16.37 per cent compared with the previous year, well above the industry average, and by the increase in animal feed and waterseeds. Specifically, the volume of pig feed sold during the reporting period increased by more than 15 per cent, mainly because of the company’s gradual increase in the capacity of technical services, the sales of large farms and market share, and the current distribution of the company’s pig feed pipelines in only two areas and in North Lakes, Shandong, etc., as the company expanded its operations further.
We expect a rapid increase in the stock of pig feed, which has been sustained by more than 20% of the farm feed during the reporting period. The effects of floods have been eliminated, and development into fast lanes 2016.11 The competitiveness of poultry has increased significantly, with a reverse increase in the volume of poultry in 2016 in the context of poor upstream poultry production.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company recovered $5,466 million, compared to \triangleright.
A 36.53 per cent increase, resulting in a net return to the mother of 58 million yuan, or 47.45 per cent more than the previous year. As pig-bearing and pig-rich hogs begin to climb back and forth, and as pig-breeding accelerates the process of scale-up, the company will also benefit fully from the post-cycle plates such as feed, motor security, etc., and its performance is expected to increase significantly.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd billion yuan, an increase of 63.33%, with the Māori rate remaining around 50%.
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in the West Side of the city of Beijing, the Department + Farm House model has been rapidly expanding the scale of pig farming, but it has been limited by environmental policies, with about 300,000 pigs out of the year, over 300% more than the same year, and 407.13% more revenue from sales. The company has continued to accelerate the distribution of pig production, and in March 2017 the company signed a partnership with the Xianxi county government.
The company’s business sales revenue of $4,261 million and the Māori value of $110 million during the reporting period is a new bright spot for the company. After many years of industrial reserves, the company has now formed a certain scale of trade, and we expect future companies’ trading operations to make steady profits.
Stock incentives were awarded for the first time and the first employee holding plan was implemented. On 13 March 2017, the company awarded the first limited stock of 4028.32 \triangleright shares to 1373 incentive recipients. As of 21 March 2017, the first stock holding plan of the company’s core team was to complete the purchase of the company’s shares through the secondary market, with an average purchase price of 16.15.
The implementation of the Corporate Stock Incentive and Employee Holding Scheme will facilitate the improvement of the benefit-sharing mechanisms between workers and owners, and will have an important impact on improving corporate governance and improving the cohesion and competitiveness of workers. Moreover, performance indicators will not only help companies to become competitive and increase their intake of talent in the industry.
Gravitation is also conducive to the full mobilization of the initiative and creativity of the company ' s core workforce to achieve the goals of the company ' s future development strategy and operations, as well as rapid and long-term development of \triangleright risk factors: sudden and catastrophic weather; industrial chain layout processes that fall short of expectations.
KANG Qingdong, Beijing University, Guanghua School of Management, ba, entered the securities firm in 2000 for industrial and publicly-listed company analytical work. Years of research in the agricultural and food sectors have accurately captured the prices of sugar and pigs in recent years, and the situation in the domestic milk industry has been correctly judged.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.