The company's annual report (002311), and its quarterly reviews, revealed annual reports for 2016, which generated business income of $27,185 million, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the year: net profits attributable to the parent company.
856 million yuan, an increase of 9.72 per cent in the same year: 816 million yuan in non-net profits, an increase of 11.91 per cent in the same year: eps 0.55, an increase of 7.84 per cent in the same year. The Department intends to allocate 3 dollars per 10 shares to all shareholders. At the same time, the company published its first quarterly report in 2017, which achieved an operating income of 5,466 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 36.53 per cent and a net profit of 57 million yuan attributable to the parent company, an increase of 47.45 per cent in the same year.
In 20% of cases, aquaculture continued to grow at a rate of 5% as a result of floods. As the cost of upstream raw materials is lower, companies lower the price of their products, resulting in profits less than the rate of increase in production, and a slight decline in the wheat feed rate of 9.42%.
Growth, as seen by the company’s power as the leader of the White Horse. For years, the company has developed good brands, slogans, and stable client groups, laying a good foundation for high growth in the company’s performance.
The company achieved operating income of $5.466 billion (+36.53%) in the first quarter of 2017, attributable to the mother-in-law ' s net profit of $5.7 billion (47.45%). The volume of company feed sales increased by 22.92% and the Māori rate increased by 1.13 percentage points from 9.94 per cent in the first quarter of 2017.
Farming is emerging from the effects of earlier natural disasters, the industry is recovering, and the cost of raw materials is operating at a lower cost to the company’s profit margin. The current situation is already evident, with the company’s annual feed sales expected to maintain a growth rate of more than 20 per cent, reaching more than 8.8 million tons, and the performance rate is expected to become more resilient and fast-growing.
In 2016, companies achieved sales revenues of $4,261 million and M$110 million in their trading operations. In 2016, 98 million yuan (+63.33%), Māori remained stable at around 50%. Pig farming expanded rapidly through self-breeding and model farming of “company + farm households” and produced 300,000 pigs throughout the year, growing at a rate of over 300 per cent, with incomes increasing by more than 400 per cent.
We believe that the company’s industrial chain has been clearly configured and expanded to provide a new performance growth point for the company. Trade in raw materials provides a stable supply of raw materials for feed plates; a high rate of maori and wide scope for microecological agents development; rapid expansion of livestock production has also created a sound basis for the company’s development as a large agro-pastoral enterprise; and a more aquatic sector.
It is a model for the development of the whole process, such as the “sapling-farming model, water-quality control, disease-control, and feed.” The company’s industrial chains are expanding, its capabilities are integrated, and the synergies of the various segments of its business will provide a powerful impetus for the company’s development, with the company having the potential to grow into a future integrated agricultural service provider.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
In 2016, he joined the University of Maryland, the United States of America, for a Master of Financial Sciences, and in 2017 he joined the East Hing securities for research in the agro-forestry and fishing industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.