On May 17th, we conducted a study of the Sea Group, together with the relevant management of the company, on the company's operations and the absence of the company's operations.
There has been exchanges on development strategies, a return to high growth in aquatic production and accelerated improvement in the structure of feed products \triangleright
Fish prices have risen by almost 20% this year, driving demand for fish, and the structure of company feed operations has been optimized at an accelerated rate of 1.3 percentage points, with the Māori rate rising by 1.3 percentage points in the same year. Forage sales continued to grow at a high rate in April, and feed sales are expected to increase by more than 20% throughout the year (2.5 million tons).
In the future, the pig-breeding business is the new growth pole of the company and is the focus of the company ' s efforts, launched in 2016.
Four hundred and fifty thousand pigs are born at a unit cost of about $6.1 per kilogram, of which about a third are self-reliant. 2017q1 is expected to remain steady and steady in Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Hubei, Guizhou, etc. due to the high prices of pigs, which are almost equal.
The cumulative research and development inputs of the previous years have been in the harvest period, and the current products are highly advantageous and effectively support the needs of the eco-farming industry. In this operation, pigs, pseudo-rabies, etc., have performed well, increasing by more than 40%. In 2017, new varieties will be released quickly, diarrhoea and so on, and we expect to see the future.
Overseas markets have expanded and continue to contribute to the growth of companies' overseas markets, which are located in Viet Nam. Foreign markets have grown faster in recent years, such as livestock and poultry, and companies are expected to deliver 300,000 tons in Viet Nam in 2017. Markets in South-East Asia are weak in terms of competition, potential.
Market space is larger. Next, companies will start building in other South-East Asian countries, such as Indonesia, Myanmar, high-speed out-of-sea market expansion, 1 percentage point higher than in the country, and we expect to make a sustained contribution in the future.
The company, which is the dominant feed leader for robust growth, is expected to return to full-blown benefit industries in 2017, with the company projected to be 1 in extreme weather; 2, forage sales below expectations; and 3, for animal disease risks.
• Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Finance. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in private securities in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.