One quarter of high-performance expectations, with the flagship value of the integration component constantly highlighting -- the first quarter of 2020, the first quarter of Crystal and Australasia ' s performance forecast point assessment event: 250-300 million net profit returns to the mother in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 189-247 per cent.
Billions to $300 million, an increase of 189.03 per cent to 246.84 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year after the reorganization.
The increase in the volume of goods produced over time;2 the increase in the Māori rate due to market opening, brand premiums and lower costs.According to the Solarzoom data, the company exports its component at 1.6gw per quarter, with an export value of $367 million (as part of the company's component is exported under the “85414090” tax rule, the actual volume of exports may be even higher).
High. We're judging that the company's 2020q1 component is more than 2gw (4.22gw (2019h1 output), with a vertically integrated flagship, with an increase of 5.2 billion in productivity growth, and a second year in a row worldwide. By the end of 2019, the company's silicon, battery, and component capacity were different.
Up to 11.5/11/11gw, components are expected to produce more than 16gw by the end of 2020, silicon and battery production capacity, with 5gw high-efficiency batteries and 10gw high-efficiency components. The financial advantage of a company’s stock marketed companies is beginning to show that the growth of the company will continue to accelerate in the future.
• To be alert to the impact of the epidemic on short-term demand and prices, medium- and long-term demand remains strong, and the ongoing fermentation of the current overseas epidemic has had a negative impact on the demand for photovoltaics, as evidenced by delays in the delivery of existing orders and the reduction of new orders, as well as a downward trend in prices. However, the impact of the epidemic will eventually fade and the impact of the epidemic will be smooth for the long term.
In March, domestic component exports grew by 164.7%, which is ample evidence of strong overseas demand following a return to domestic supply. Photovolt is becoming global, and future price declines will further stimulate downstream demand.
In addition to the demand for projects that have been delayed by the epidemic, medium- and long-term demand remains strong, and the value of photovoltaic investments remains high. • The value of integrated components is high, the company’s vanguard status is high, and the “very recommended” rating is maintained.
In order to fully diversify market demand and price volatility risks, upstream, from single crystal silicon to one-size-fits-all battery assembly, industrial chain layout helps to increase cost and technology advantages. We look at the global distribution channels and brand values of companies, the cost and scale advantages of vertical integration, and the continuous R & D input belts.
" Handover of beautiful performance responses in the first year of a return, integration " " Vertically integrated photovoluntellor heads, privatization backa " 2020-02-25