The Māori rate continues to rise, the growing integrated photovolveheads have no fear of the effects of the epidemic, and the performance of the company continues to grow at a high rate during the quarter.
The realization of a net return to the mother is $286 million or +230.36 per cent, and the realization of a deduction from the net return to the mother is a high innovation with a sustained increase in the Māori rate of $343 million or Māori, which has remained largely stable over the period.
Interest rates rose by 21.26% to 2.68 pct, which is a historic rise. Apart from expanding overseas Māori markets abroad, the increase in the control of public costs is also a contributing factor to the increase in Māori rates. Companies spend 651 million yuan in the first quarter, or 14.19% of operating income, compared to 1.16 pct, or 12.87% in 2019.
● Good production performance in the first quarter, continued stocking of second-quarter orders The same-year growth in delivery was another important factor in the higher than expected performance in the first quarter. According to the Solarzoom data, the company exports of its components in the first quarter were 1.6gw, with $367 million in exports (due to the corporate component).
The components are exported under the tax rule 85414090, and the actual volume of exports is likely to be higher. We judge the company to be the lowest/highest in a year: healthy, undisturbed by the epidemic. The company’s second-quarter orders continue to be full, despite the impact of the overseas epidemic on light.
Corporate demand as a whole, but companies are relatively less affected, combined with the “630” grab of the country’s uncompleted bid line in 2019, has allowed the company to continue its strong sales, and its performance in the second quarter is expected to continue to be higher than expected. Companies maintain their year-round export targets of more than 15gw.
The epidemic is at risk, and the market share of the integration component is expected to continue to rise, although the spread of the epidemic across the world has caused a decline in demand from the overseas and a fall in prices, it is at risk for the integration component.
The demand is supported by a longer single cycle with more locked price orders. 2 Epidemic Impact Fairs and business activities, and even actions such as overseas business firms, leading firms with brand names and historical partnerships, are expected to gain further market share. 3 Integrated components have no significant concerns.
• The value of integrated components is high, the company's leading position is high, and the “very recommended” rating is maintained. We believe that the value of integrated components is constantly being highlighted, and that components are being globalized in sales.
In order to fully diversify market demand and price volatility risks, upstream, from single crystal silicon to one-size-fits-all battery assembly, industrial chain layout helps to increase cost and technology advantages. We look at the global distribution channels and brand values of companies, the cost and scale advantages of vertical integration, and the continuous R & D input belts.
"The first year back to a, hand over a beautiful performance response, integration, vertical integration of photovoluntage heads, privatization back to a."