Crystal Australasia (002459), IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment
Second in the world, competitiveness is evident. The company is a leading producer of photovoltaic products in the industry, and one of the pioneers in the domestic photovoltaic industry. It has built a whole chain of chains, including silicon sticks/silicon silicon, silicon, solar cell cells and solar components, solar photovoltaic power plants.
According to a third-party authoritative advisory agency, pvinfolink, the company’s 2019 component load is the second largest in the world. Companies have been working on research and innovation in photovoltaic technology.
The research and development focus is on developing new structures for crystallized silicon solar cells that significantly improve their PV total equity/flow (million shares) conversion efficiency and try to reach the theoretical limits. At the same time, efforts are being made to significantly reduce the new crystals.
Total market value/flow (millions) Industrial production costs of silicon solar cells, driven by advances in solar battery devices
The technology and market competitiveness of an industrial chain that uses crystallized silicon solar power generation. Greater market layout overseas, with a clear branding advantage.
Sales services network advantages and brand advantages have further increased overseas market openings, leading to a return to record high levels of corporate output. During the reporting period, the volume of corporate component exports was 10.26gw, a 27.26 per cent increase compared to the previous period. Of these, overseas component arrivals were 7.55gw, a 55.35 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
The Division’s branding influence has been further enhanced. The company has received four consecutive awards from the global authority research agency eupdresearch, the European top photovolt brand, and two consecutive years of eupd certificate coding:
During the reporting period, companies followed market changes, driven by technological innovation, led to an orderly and efficient expansion of their production capacity, and further developed them.
The advantages of vertical integration are enhanced quality and cost control. Through the introduction of new technologies, and the smooth landing of a series of new, expanded and modified projects, the efficiency of the company’s products has improved significantly, the quality has continued to improve, and the production capacity of the links has increased in an orderly manner.
The optimization of the company’s industrial structure has been effective in reducing costs while increasing its efficient output. During the reporting period, the company has taken advantage of its mass-production advantages and has been able to use a single pot of pots, slices, threading, etc.
Technical processes such as perc-se, semi-separations have been upgraded to continuously reduce production costs across the chain. At the same time, companies have increased their interaction with supply chain partners, increasing their performance through joint supplier development, centralized procurement, crystallization technology (002459), the second largest component in the world.
In addition, companies have been promoting intelligent production, continuous enrichment production and management, and overall efficiency gains. During the reporting period, the cost of single-watt units of companies has been declining steadily.
Investment proposals: The firm ' s deep-farming industry, the apparent brand advantage, the successful expansion of overseas operations, the continued optimization of the production structure, and the growth of efficiency gains are expected to contribute to the company ' s further development. The company ' s profitability projections and financial indicators:
Crystal Australasia (002459) — components are second in the world, with bright growth in performance — components are second in the world, with bright growth in performance — research institutes
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.