Without fear of the wind, Crystal Australasia is a world-renowned strategy for the integration of the industrial chain.
Summary of the annual report: The company achieved revenue of $21.155 billion in 2019, an increase of 7.67 per cent over the previous year, with manufacturers of high-performance photovoltaic products with industrial chains covering silicon tablets, batteries, assemblies and photovoltaic power stations.
The parent company has a net profit of $1,252 million, an increase of 74.09 per cent over the same period. Overseas revenues amount to $15,172 million, with 12 production bases, more than 20 branches, and products with a footprint of more than 100 countries and territories and a wide range of applications.
Impacted by the epidemic, the photovoltaic industry or the low valley. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the photovoltaic industry, both supply and demand, as well as ground-based photovoltaic power stations and business and residential-distributed photovoltaic systems, with sustained technological innovation and sound financial excellence.
Logistics is affected to varying degrees. The Chinese epidemic has been largely controlled, domestic photovoltaic market demand and developed global distribution and service networks, as well as the Sun, are expected to be better, but the situation is not yet clear, and there is greater uncertainty about the overseas loading of aircraft, Peng.
The development, construction, operation, etc. of photovoltaic power plants. In the wake of the outbreak, Brewe energy has reduced the global loading schedule to 108-143gw in 2020, possibly with a drop in loading, low demand and insufficient market confidence, and a varying degree of price in the industrial chain.
The company's advantage is clear, it has no fear. After more than a decade of fighting, it has become the leader of the industry, with a short-term epidemic or adverse impact on its performance, but we believe that the company's ability to do so has been limited.
With a strong cost-control in an integrated industry with an advantage 1; a strong global market layout with a two-brand advantage; and a healthy and well-run finance (a positive 10-year operating cash flow, accounts receivable and notes are well below the industry average). So we expect companies to take advantage of these three advantages in the event of an epidemic.
It is still possible to maintain a high probability of high capacity utilization in the valley to achieve the full year target of 15gw, actively expand production capacity, and consolidate industry excellence. Once the company returns to a share, successive plans are issued to expand production. By the end of 2020, the capacity of the company's components is expected to exceed 16gw, silicon and battery chain capacity.
The company is currently actively promoting the construction and deepening of new projects such as the 10gw high-efficiency battery and 10gw high-efficiency component project in Crystal Australia, the 3.6gw high-efficiency battery project in Crystal Australia, the new energy source in Ting Tailong, the 12,000-ton single crystal silicon stick project, the Yangzhou component project, etc.
1. The epidemic or its impact on the global demand for photovoltaics in 2020
At the manufacturing end, the epidemic directly caused delays in the resumption of work and the shortage of labour, coupled with delays in logistics and supply of raw materials and equipment caused by the epidemic, which led to a slippage in the productivity of the industry; at the end of the application, the epidemic directly caused some of the photovoltaic projects to fail to connect to the grid on schedule, while the epidemic caused a decline in the national electricity load.
Since the end of February, the “new crown epidemic” has been under control in the country, but there is a worsening trend in overseas countries, such as the United States, Germany, Italy, and Spain. Demand in overseas markets now accounts for more than 70% of the demand in the global photovoltaic market.
Highforeast tier1modulecapability, 1q202020:156.6gw
I'm sorry, europe mainlandchina india.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Bloomberg’s new energy finance on March 13 is expected to bring global photovoltaic demand down to 108-143gw in 2020, down from the previous 121-154gw, probably for the first time in the last 40 years, with a global decline in new loadings. The photovoltaic industry or valleys experienced in 2020, but in the long run, it has a more definite growth potential, with large future market space.
It may have a negative impact on the company’s performance, but the firm’s own advantages are clear, with one integrated industry having a strong cost control; two brand advantages with a clear global market layout; and three healthy finances with sound operations. With these three advantages, the company is not afraid of the industry’s downside, and the industry’s low-growth target of 15gw. is likely to remain on track.
One industry is integrated, with clear cost advantages. Crystal solar energy implements an industrial chain integration strategy, and current operations cover almost all the links in the optical industrial chain except crystalline silicon raw material production, including the manufacture of crystallized silicon rods/silicon silicon (multi-crystal), silicon, solar and photovoltaic cell components, and the application of photovoltaic systems. By the end of 2019, crystal solar energy had 11.5gw silicon output and 11gw battery output.
RMB/w, 17.35% decline in the same year.
Companies insist on industrial integration, cost-control capabilities highlight the fact that capacity utilization remains at about 90%, and the combined Māori ratio is in the forefront of the industry. In 2019, the company produced 11gw, with a delivery capacity of 10.26gw, with a capacity utilization rate of about 93%, well above the industry average.
East Hing Securities Co. reports. Jing Au Tsi (002459). Stewardship, without fear of the wind or rain, highlights the advantages of the 2nd brand, and the global distribution channels have been laid out. The company is focusing on the same people in major markets such as China, the United States, Japan, Europe, etc.
At the same time, it is also active in emerging markets such as South Asia, South-East Asia, Australia, Central America, South America, and the Middle East. The company’s many production bases are located in six provinces and cities, namely Hebei, Anhui, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, and two overseas countries in Malaysia and Viet Nam. It has 13 sales companies abroad, marketing and service networks in more than 120 countries and territories around the globe.
China National Electric Group, Sunshine Power Company, Inc., cypresscreekepc, llc, accionaergiachele, s.p.a., iberdrola, s.a. and other large and strategic domestic and international customers, have established stable partnerships with core customers such as global high-quality electricity companies and photovoltaic power station systems integrators, demonstrating strong brand influence and good reputation.
A global authority, eupdresearch, awarded the European Top PhotoValue brand, and for the second year in a row, the Australia Top PhotoValue brand awarded by eupdrearch, and the name of the manufacturer of the world’s best-performing components. According to pvinfolink, in 2019, the company’s components were the second largest in the world. In 2019, the output of the company’s components was 10.26gw.
Of these, the volume of overseas component shipments increased by 7.55gw, which increased by 55.35 per cent, and the share of overseas components, which increased by 73.61 per cent, was robust and financially healthy.
The company maintained a positive operating cash flow for the period 2009-2019, which grew with the growth in the size of the company ' s revenue collection in 2016-2019, demonstrating the firm ' s sound operation and bargaining power over upstream and downstream enterprises.
The accounts receivable and notes account for a lower percentage of operating income. There is a certain risk of doing business, given that the manufacturing of photovoltaic components is dominated by b-end customers downstream, and generally 10-15% of the bonds in the sale of the components, and the overall industry accounts receivable and notes account for a higher proportion.
Compared with their counterparts, the share of corporate receivables is relatively low, with basic controls of around 20 per cent. On the one hand, the firm’s sound marketing style is demonstrated, on the other hand, the market competitiveness of its products.
The risk of increased competition leading to a sharp fall in the price of products is not as high as expected.
B.A., North Korean University of Electricity, Master of Arts, Shanghai University of Transport, Baa, Manchester University (financial direction), joined East Hing Securities in May 2019 as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018.
B.A., Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection as a research assistant for the Nuclear Safety Review.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.