The marginal improvement in performance was evident in the second quarter of the Mid-Engine Communications (000063.sz), where the fiveg Pioneer Market Dynamics highlighted the overall performance of both operators and political firms, and the five g Pioneer Dynamics, which maintained the “buy-in” rating.
5.81 per cent; net return profit after deduction was 902 million yuan, an increase of 47.37 per cent. In 2020, q2 operators accelerated the 5g network layout, and corporate operators and government businesses grew rapidly, resulting in a net return profit of 1077 million yuan, an increase of 26.29 per cent, and a net return profit of 902 million yuan after deduction.
77.16%. We value the company’s leading technological and customer resource advantages in wireless, core network, carrier, chip, terminal, and industry applications. As the global 5g layout accelerates, the company, as the leader of the Integrated Communications Information Management (ICT) programme, focuses on mainstream markets and products, and adheres to technological innovation to improve product competitiveness and comprehensive marketing.
The Bureau is likely to maintain a steady upward trend in the global market share of companies in the face of the impact of the tightening of the international situation. The five-g wave, technological innovation plus forward-looking business layout, and the five-g pioneers are expected to outperform their year-round performance.
According to the latest data from dell'oro, central communications account for 13.2% of the global communications market, an increase of 5.2% over 2018.
New products have been made commercial in size, self-researching chips on the market to improve their performance and competitiveness. Companies have focused on 5g, increasing their R & D investment in core products and instruments, adhering to globalization strategies, focusing on high-quality customers and partnerships, continuously optimizing product and market patterns, and laying the foundation for companies' long-term competitiveness and increasing market share.
Corporate Information Updates - China’s Communications Global Portfolio. As the 5g network accelerates deployment, 5g technological innovations lead to diversification of the range of end products and applications, market share increases, and 5g’s power core capital.
The company’s ability to negotiate is expected to improve, and multiple advantages, such as technology, products, and customer resources, will strengthen the dynamics of the company’s development, and the company’s future business performance is expected to be higher than expected as a result of its scarcity of core 5g assets.
“Handings are on the run” - 2020.4.3 The growth trend in corporate revenue has been maintained, at 14.76 per cent for q2 companies. According to the company’s semi-annual report, the company’s operators have a negative year-on-year balance and are expected to achieve growth expectations throughout the year.
The company achieved a net profit return of $1.857 billion in 2020h1 and stabilized its profitability following the 5g wave. The company achieved a net return profit of $1.077 billion in 2020 q2 and a net interest rate of $1.077 billion and yoy77.16 per cent, mainly from domestic products such as 5g systems equipment and nuclear heart nets, which increased over the same period.
33.43 per cent, 4.92 per cent, and an increase in the domestic low Māori ratio of product income, which has reduced the indicator from 2019, but 5g has accelerated the process of integration with industries, and companies are expected to achieve a stable strategic layout, drawing on previous experience, with a stable ratio of three fees. Companies are active in cost control to improve their cost control capacity, with three fees.
Compared to basic stability, the cost rate has declined over the period, with the advantages of sales, management, financial costs of 2020h1 being 39.41, enrichment and the winning of the bid, respectively, which are expected to be reflected in the scale effect.
We are at the forefront of the 5g process, and our policy is accelerating. We are now at the top of the world’s fiveg, and as a key area of new infrastructure, the national and local governments have put in place policies and measures to accelerate 5g and, as a key network support, will enable all sectors to contribute to the economic development of the market as a whole.
Construction is expected to be completed or exceeded, and most of the area will be covered by the main urban area of the 5g network by the end of 2020. Figure 6: The construction of 5g base stations in our provinces is in line with expectations.
The market access threshold for the industries in which the company is located is high, with the current share rising by 5.2 per cent annually from China, Ericsson, and China's communications, with “China manufacturing” gaining broad recognition in the global market as a result of high value for money and technological advantage, while relying on a wide range of domestic market opportunities, the share of the company's market is likely to rise further.
Figure 7: Communications in mid-2018 as a market share of 8%
According to the bidding results of the three major operators, two leading domestic companies, China, China, China, and China, dominated the first and second winning companies, winning a larger share of the bid than in previous years, and the approval of the operator gave a good signal of profit, increased market recognition and consumer confidence.
The advantage in terms of product performance, such as equipment consumption, will underpin the company's vanguard position within the industry, holding the 5g market red figure 10:5gsa main wireless equipment collection results, market-oriented and forward-looking layout
Research and development (R & D) capacity underpins the firm’s core competitiveness. Given that the firm’s industry needs to be fast-tracked in line with web-based and standard changes, R & D capacity is the key to ensuring the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company is at the forefront of the global patent distribution. As a global 5g technology research, standards are the major contribution.
Corporate product chains are well developed, technological innovation is strong, and changes in market demand are closely linked. Companies are strategically structured, gradually perfecting the company ' s product chain, and through years of intensive farming, rapidly upgrading of products and technologies, learning from 4g lessons, are able to easily capture changes in market demand, raise customer satisfaction, and many products are business start-up and commercialization.
In the field of foresight, the 7nm chip is now in the production-scale phase. The company will pursue its 5g-centric development strategy in the future, further sharpening its overall strength.
With the firm's firm commitment to core equipment and product development, market ownership and firm core competitiveness, the Department has now signed an agreement with multiple governments and operators on a 5g-threshold strategic cooperation, issuing the first screen camera mobile phone, facing the technology research and product development project, which is moving to the 5g network, and expects the company to be able to face the market.
At the same time, the challenge is to seize the opportunity to ensure stable growth in corporate performance.4 Profit predictions and valuations accelerate with the global 5g layout, with companies focusing on mainstream markets as leading players in integrated communications information solutions.
And products, insisting on technological innovation to improve the competitiveness of their products, and comprehensively laid out to face the implications of the tightening of the international situation, have tightened the international situation. Trade friction between China and the United States has created uncertainty in the sector, escalating with the US-to-China system of firms that cannot be effectively addressed in the future, or affecting the advancement of the 5g building process at home and abroad.
The construction of 5g is not as expected. The domestic 5g business is not as fast as expected and the operator 5g is more influenced by national policies, not excluding that some of the 5g base station products are not mature enough to impede industry development.
Chip manufacturing and production capacity are not yet mature. High-end chip production is in difficulty with power cuts, while former domestic chip producers produce and manufacture technologies that fail to meet standards if national production substitution processes fall short of targets or lead to high-end production.
The production of chips is limited and has an impact on the development of related industries.