Annual Report 2023: Mothers ' net profits increased by 39.62 per cent and research assistant Gao Jung-tae added to the first-class air-carrying enterprise
The increase of 4.63 per cent over the same period was due to the successful completion of the defence product production tasks of the China-China affiliates and the continued guarantee of the supply of the product; the realization of the net return profit of $1,886 million, or 39.62 per cent more than the same, owing to the fact that the company absorbed the combined aircraft and power, which resulted in a significant increase in the net return profit.
By point, the Māori rate for automobile manufacturing operations reached 18.32 per cent, an increase of 1.82 percentage points, mainly due to the company’s ongoing construction of production conditions and continuous improvement in the quality and pace of product delivery.
In addition, 48,624 million yuan has been released to buy 100% of the equity in the aircraft, which is a platform for professional integration and industrial development of the aviation system under the umbrella of the aviation industry. The Division will integrate and integrate the resources of the two parties, optimize the industrial layout of the airborne plates.
On 27 July and 15 August of the same year, the Board of Directors held an interim stockholders' meeting in which it agreed to change the short term of the company's securities from “Chinese Air” to “Chinese Air”. At the same time, various subsidiaries of the company set up technology centres, specialized laboratories, and so on.
The strategic layout of the industry is steadily moving forward and is expected to benefit from the deployment of aviation equipment: the Chinese electronic product spectrometry is comprehensive, wide-ranging in application, with a more complete aeronautical electronic, electromechanical and industrial chain, and it is aviation.
The company focuses on airborne systems such as flight control systems, radar systems, photovoltaic systems, etc., to provide accompaniment system-level products to a large number of air host plants and other military-industrial platforms in the country and abroad.
The new generation of aviation equipment during the “14th Five-Year” period was a major assessment by the company: o3 net profit increases by 80.89%.
Development opportunities. At the same time, the consolidation of companies has absorbed medium-ship power and supply chain management capabilities have continued to grow, and it is hoped to benefit from downstream heights.
▪ Profit projection and investment rating: the company's performance is as expected, based on the high military industry during the 1455s.
China Air is carrying three major financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.