A 40 per cent increase in net profit returns from the year in favour of becoming a world-class air-carrying enterprise Investment rating: buying (first time) • Aerial industry development provides vast market space for airborne systems
The current and future period is an important strategic opportunity for the development of the country, as well as for the building of the country's air power, which, in terms of national policy, has entered a critical period for the building of the air power.
The Party’s center made it clear that China’s socialism had entered a new era, with a comprehensive strategic deployment to build a modern socialist state.
Industrialization and the acceleration of strategic tasks such as manufacturing power, quality power, network power, digital China, and agricultural power. Science, technology, innovation, and industrial innovation are among the strategic underpinnings and important markers of the present generation of powerful power.
In terms of the economic situation, since the new era, the Party’s central government has made a series of major decisions to promote high-quality development as a social consensus and conscious action for the whole of the party, and as the backbone of economic and social development.
As an example of modern industry, the air manufacturing industry is a strategic and emerging industry that was explicitly identified in the 14th Five-Year Plan. In the field of civil aviation, the domestic civil aviation industry received a model certificate from the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority on 29 September of that year, and it started its business in May 2023.
In technological development, new and emerging technologies are constantly breaking through and integrating into technological innovation. With the emergence of a new technological revolution, traditional disciplines continue to develop, and disciplines are being developed.
The forks have accelerated integration, new disciplines have emerged, and frontier areas have expanded, pushing ahead with airborne technology, major opportunities for agile innovation, group breakthroughs, and disruptive change. The cutting-edge fields of quantum science, nanoscience, artificial intelligence, etc., have made major breakthroughs in aircraft-borne systems.
The direction of technology development in computing, communication, detection, and display will have far-reaching implications. At the same time, information technology, biotechnology, new materials and new energy technologies are pervasive, bringing together technologies across domains, showing a trend towards normality, and the boundaries between the products and technologies of the airborne systems are becoming blurred and new.
In terms of market demand, the need for the replacement of aviation equipment is plentiful and provides a wide market space. The aircraft system is a core focus area for the upgrading of aviation equipment.
• The company is expected to benefit from the industry as the main provider of domestic aviation systems.
The main products on board the aircraft in China include the development, production, sale, services and investment in and management of airborne electronic systems, flight control systems, electromechanical systems and equipment of all types of aircraft: electrical equipment, mechanical and electrical equipment and sensors of all types of engines, production, sale, services
Production, sale and services: auto parts and systems, industrial automation and control equipment, smart systems, mechanical and electrical equipment and systems, development, production and sale of refrigeration systems: software information products
(a) Goods development, production and services: information systems and products, software products, safety and services products, etc. Aeronautical industry is a strategic high-technology industry in the country and an important component of the State ' s integrated national capacity;
As the main supplier of domestic air-borne systems, China Air has many years of advantage and accumulation in the field of the manufacture of aviation equipment, and has a high reputation within the industry. To that end, the company will be willing to change, seize the opportunity to inform the air equipment.
Intelligent development processes play an increasingly important role. At the same time, with the emergence of a new technological revolution, traditional disciplines continue to develop, cross-disciplinary integration accelerates, new disciplines emerge, frontier areas expand, and airborne technologies move into agile innovation, group breakthroughs, etc.
A major opportunity period for subversive change. China’s aircraft must actively consolidate and capitalize on the advantages of existing aviation technologies, expand technology and industry, seize development opportunities, develop competitive dynamics, and innovate market strategies to accelerate industrial development.
• The importance that companies attach to R & D and the importance of core competitiveness. According to the company ' s 2023 annual report, the share of total R & D inputs in the business income of companies reached 12.03 per cent, highlighting the importance that companies attach to R & D.
In the new era, new-quality productivity has developed and demonstrated in practice a strong driving force for high-quality development.
As a major supplier of many important systems in domestic air platforms, companies have been able to seize the window of the current new technological revolution, industrial revolution, fully implement the new development philosophy and accelerate the process of quality development.
Efforts to achieve technological breakthroughs, innovative configuration of factors of production, and upgrading of industry depth face significant development opportunities and external challenges. The mid-flight aircraft has greater technological advantages in the main areas of air-borne systems, while at the same time being more powerful.
The company has systems for the development, manufacture and testing of the entire industrial chain of products at the system-, equipment- and equipment-grade levels in the various fields of specialization of the aeronautic systems.
Research on technology and experimental certification capabilities, and several new research projects, through certification, have led to international advances in multi-type products. Companies have built several pilot platforms that have achieved inter-country certification capabilities in selected priority technical areas, thereby helping to safeguard their future product lines.
The Chinese air-carriage product, which involves four main domains: aviation equipment, civilian equipment, modern industry, international operations, etc., has a clear competitive advantage in the field of specialization, a larger market share, a greater profitability, and good customer relations. The company’s business structure is becoming more rational, dispersive while creating multiple profit channels.
In the area of production management, companies learn, through international cooperation, to take advantage of international and advanced business production management models, creatively design a variety of process production models, improve the efficiency of human production, and contribute to the transformation of industrial manufacturing by means of information technology.
“Multiple, small batch” production difficulties. Associated transactions and 24-year business plans for companies to make every effort to achieve steady growth in business performance.