Performance mapping remains robust, waiting for the fluorinated industry to recover from the fluorine cycle, mega-stocks (600160.sh) 21st of August 2020
• Short-term end demand is weak and still looks good at the fluorinated industry chain pattern, maintaining a `buy-in' rating. During the first half of 2020, affected by low demand for refrigerant end, a downside industry, achieving business income for companies, changing to a `buy-in' for medium- and long-term fluorinated industry chain pattern, maintaining a `buy-in' rating for companies.
In the first half of 2020, as a result of the ncp epidemic and the downside of the economy, the supply chain cycle of the industrial chain was blocked and the prices of the company ' s refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, and basic chemical products fell.
The price of the company’s main product continues to decline against the backdrop of an increasing demand for supplies: fluorinated fine chemicals, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, tax-free averages of 77,671.15, 14,240.16, 39,439.65 yuan per tonne, respectively, to maintain profitability. In the face of extreme adverse effects, the company uses capacity to dive, energy savings, abatements, structural optimization.
By 2020, h1, the company’s fluorinated fine chemicals, including timescales, are basically bottom-lined, the bottom of the cycle is not pessimistic, and we wait for the new start of the fluorine cycle. • The company’s high-level operational capacity and endogenous benefits will lead to a revival of the fluorine industry’s climate cycle.
The company ' s second generation of refrigerant r22 has the second highest domestic capacity; the third generation of refrigerants has the status of a global leader, the company update report - waiting for the cyclical landscape, the mix of small packagings leading the global market for refrigerants, which in recent years has continued to increase its capacity in reverse positions; and
The company’s refrigerant industry is well-structured, cost-effective, branded and channeled, and has a healthy financial structure and a good cash flow compared to its peers.
Corporate Information Updates - Downwards and Low Asset Debt Rates. We look forward to a collaborative development of the company's industrial chain, maintaining a high level of business capacity over the long term, increasing production and sales, and waiting for the lead cycle to start.
With endogenous benefits, and the hope that they will emerge in reverse, the future will lead to a recovery in the climate cycle of the fluorinated industry. Newly, the fluorinated industry’s tap will open the golden decade.