Merger and acquisition of new Olympic energy, with the first gas integration tap out of the new Olympic stock (600803.sh) November 06, 2020
• A high-quality energy track that gives birth to a rare indicator of natural gas integration. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
• Natural gas is a high-quality energy track, and the network reform contributes to the growth of the kg-standard coal, which is a low-carbon, environmentally sound, clean fossil energy source. Riped predicts that gas demand will go beyond coal around 2030, beyond oil by 2040, and that the world will enter gas before the “new energy age”
Under the 13th Five-Year Plan, natural gas accounts for 8.3-10% of primary energy consumption in 2020, and the gas production target is 20.7 billion, which is now largely achieved. The “coal-remediation” network reform supports growth: upstream channels are expected to be relaxed and non-conventional gas producers benefit directly, but because it is very high.
Low regulation is limited for downstream users. In ng imports account for 64% of total imports, the largest increase. In international markets, ng spot prices are significantly lower than domestic gas prices, lang spot imports are expected to be fast-disbursed, and more chips will be available in negotiations with the “three buckets of oil” and the first to benefit firms with ng receiving stations.
• Upstream/downstream integration & strategic readjustments show a commitment to the emergence of scarce targets for natural gas integration Industrial chain integration: 8 million tons of coal and smart construction technology upstream; downstream and upstream energy sources (h) 2,195 million households and 157,000 business users in 229 cities, approximately in the national gas market
9 per cent, annual gas sales amounting to 27 billion and maintaining growth at 15 per cent per year; midstreaming is expected to attract the future of the canoe lng receiving station (currently fully managed by the company), with an annual processing capacity of 3 million tons per year, and phase two is expected to be completed in 2021, with an annual processing capacity of 5 million tons, with a forward processing capacity of 10 million tons.
Management adjustments show commitment: the company has changed its name to “New Olympics natural gas stock company”, and the former ceo Han Jiechen of Xin Oo Energy (h) and former board member Mr Wang Dong-hung-Toung (a) have joined the new Olympic stock, reflecting the company's determination to transform itself into a “natural gas eco-operator”; and the external recruitment of the China-China oil-lng trade manager, Jung Hong-hoon, has joined forces to help the Lilong trade industry.
In the future, it is expected that more low-priced offshore sources will be targeted with the use of the Group’s lng pier window period.1 The natural gas industry chain integration is a rare indicator of 1.1, the restructuring has been completed & the management adjustments have been completed, and the New Olympic shares (a) have opened a new chapter.
In 2011, the company became the first corporate unit, and the company began to move into the field of energy efficiency through a series of actions.
The purchase initiative has gradually increased the operations of dimethyl ether, coal, and methanol. In 2014, the lang and energy engineering fields were expanded, and the natural gas clean energy and energy technology services were gradually built into the operational structure of the camp.
Figure 1: Successfully converted clean energy lead business start-up. Acquisition of New Olympic energy (h) santos, reorganisation is almost complete. On the night of 11 September 2020, the company announced that, as of 10 September, New Olympic shares (a) were intended to purchase New Olympic International through asset replacement, distribution of shares and payment of cash
The sum of 369 million shares of New Olympic Energy (h) held in selected investments has been transferred to New Olympics (a) for which 32.8 per cent of the assets have been transferred and 10 per cent of the shares held in New Olympics (a) have been transferred. Follow-up to this transaction includes: 1) shares in New Olympics.
One billion dollars in targeted increases, with real-estated subscriptions of no less than 10%; and 3) New Olympic shares (a) are supposed to pay cash to real-estate holders. This reorganization has enabled the new-eco-a shares (a) to be successfully turned into a new chapter, taking the first step towards becoming a stock market-a gas tap.
After the acquisition is completed, New Olympic Energy (h) is included in the New Olympics (a) merger. After the company’s increase to New Olympics, the total equity will increase from 1.230 billion shares to 2.57 billion shares. The company’s controlling shareholders will change from New Olympic to New Olympics, holding 52.18% of the shares; the company’s actual holdings will not be released.
The change, which was still Mr. Wang Yuchang, increased to 75.34 per cent of the shareholdings and increased the concentration of the shares.
The management adjusts to developments, reflecting the group’s vision of re-enactment of (a) the business development of the shares. On the evening of September 13th, the company issued a bulletin on partial directors and management restructuring, which, on the management side, was considered by the Board of Directors of the New Olympics (a) and approved: 1) the adjustment of former Mr. ceo to co-sponsorship;
2) formerly Mr. Xin Oo Energy (h)ceo Han Seung-sun as co-chair; 3) former Vice-President-in-Chief of the former China Sea Hydrocarbons and Electricity Group Trading Branch, Mr. Zheng Hongjing as Managing Director; 4) former Director of Xin Oo Energy (h) as Mr. Wang Dong-hung Wang as cfo;
On the other hand, Mr. Guan Woo and Mr. Kim Young-sheng have asked to resign as company directors, and the board has nominated Mr. Han Jie-chun and Mr. Jung Hong-hoon as candidates for the board. This change in management of the New Olympics (a) is a powerful agent for future development. We believe that New Olympic Energy (h)
The union of former ceo-Han Jiechen and former director Wang Dong-hung will strengthen the New Olympics (a) management capacity for natural gas operations and operational synergies with New Olympics (h) and the recruitment of external Chinese and China Oil Group lang trade experts will add a strong guarantee to the development of the New Olympics (a) upstream and downstream integration of natural gas.
1.2. Synergy up and down, building an integrated natural gas industry chain, and laying out an upper and lower chain of natural gas. New Olympics (a, before reorganization) cover mainly upstream natural gas production and medium-stream energy engineering, while New Olympic energy covers downstream natural gas with a strong presence.
Gas distribution networks and related infrastructure are leading firms in the urban gas industry in the country. Upstream: Xin Oo shares (a) cover business until reorganisation: 1) All-owned subsidiaries Xinueng are made of coal-bed gas ng, with a capacity of 150,000 cubic metres per day, 300,000 cubic metres per day for phase two and a total capacity per year
Roughly 100,000 tons; 2) 45% share of China Sea Oils and New Olympics, eng plants in the North Sea, processing China Sea Oils and oils with an active capacity of 480,000 cubic metres per day; 3) 75% share of new energy sources, 200,000 tons of stabilization light hydrocarbons project, addition of core hydrogenification and catalytic gasification cores to a demonstration of the gasification technology industry
Engineering, where the project main installation has completed its safe production inspection and inspection, will contribute 200 million cubic metres to the completion of the technology: 1) the new energy engineering operation of the wholly-owned subsidiary (a) of the New Olympics, the first-line gas network building enterprise in the country.
The New Olympic Group owns a canoe liquefied natural gas receiving station, a large-scale Ing receiving station project launched by the country ' s first private enterprise. The first phase of the project, which was launched in October 2018, deals with 3 million tons of liquefied natural gas annually; the second extension is expected to be completed in 2021, with a capacity of 5 million tons annually;
For long-term processing, there are 10 million tons of capacity. The canyon receiving station has three functional docks, which combine storage, air discharge, transfer, ship affixation, trans-shipment, etc., with multiple functions, including ship affixation for the first time in the country, and which can be provided to passing ships at the international and national levels.
In the future, the listed platform is expected to target more low-priced offshore sources by using more window periods at the Quantang dock. Downstream: NeoO energy (h) runs 229 city gas projects nationwide, for 21.94 million homes
Households and 157,000 business users provide gas services, covering more than 100 million people, natural, and 23 projects under construction. (Data cut 30 June 2020) Figure 4: New Olympic Group gas-wide industrial chain development in synergy
The trade in carbon, methanol, energy engineering and chemicals is dominated; and upon completion of the table, a new energy source (h) of the New Olympics shares (a) is achieved, and natural gas is the main business, with coordinated upstream/downstream development, with better upstream-to-downward interfaces. Clients, downstream customers, are able to have better upstream assurance and more efficient flow of resources within the entire plate.
Figure 5: Dispersal operation of company ownership prior to restructuring (2019, elimination of veterinary drugs) 2 and 3 dimensions of natural gas is expected to become a high-quality energy track 2.1, energy upgrading trends are clear, and natural gas is the best bridge for transition
From the point of view of energy cleanness: natural gas is colorless, odourless, toxic, easily distributed, and the heat is high. The heat value of natural gas combustion is equivalent to 10 kw h electricity and 1.25 kg of standard coal. Gas combustion under equivalent heat, co2, nox, so2, dust emissions are 50% ~ 60%, 10%, 1/682, 1/1479, respectively.
70% – 75%, 20%, 1/389, 1/140, natural gas, low-carbon environmental protection, the cleanest fossil fuel, natural gas as a bridge for the transition from fossil energy to new energy sources. World energy development has been largely completed after the conversion of firewood to coal, coal to hydrocarbons, and as the economy continues to grow its demand for energy, low-carbon societies.
In time, mankind will experience a third major shift in oil and gas to new energy sources. Natural gas, because of its clean nature, will play an important role as a bridge in the third major transition, and according to the Chinese Oil Exploration Research Institute, it will go beyond coal by 2030, beyond oil by 2040 and become a path to non-fossil energy.
According to bp energy statistics, oil used 50% of the energy first time in the 1970s, and coal, natural gas, and hydropower accounted for another half of the mountain.
The energy conversion process, with a gradual increase in the share of new and natural gas energy sources, and a gradual decline in the share of oil and coal energy sources, with the latest primary energy consumption data for 2019 showing 33 per cent oil, 24 per cent natural gas and 27 per cent coal, 16 per cent new energy sources and a “four-by-four” energy pattern largely formed.
Analysis from the point of view of the optimization of our energy structure: according to the latest data on energy from bp in 2019, our energy consumption accounted for 20 per cent of world energy consumption and was the world ' s largest energy consumer; however, it was still dominated by coal, accounting for 57.6 per cent of the energy structure, while natural gas accounted for 7.8 per cent of primary energy use, well below 12.2 per cent in Asia and the Pacific.
20.8% of Japan, 24.2% of the world's population, and 32.2% of the United States use natural gas, which is likely to double our demand for gas in 2030. Natural gas is a rare growth track in our energy sector.
According to the original figure of 3.38 billion people in 2050, China ' s energy consumption is projected to peak at 43.5 billion tons in 2030 and decline to 4.14 billion tons in 2050. China ' s natural gas energy use will take place in 2030.
By 12% (the current average for the Asia-Pacific region); 15% in 2050 as a hypothetical basis, China ' s natural gas use is projected to be 500 million and 600 million tons of oil equivalent in 2030/205, corresponding to 581.569.7 billion cubic metres of natural gas. Based on the results of the China Oil Exploration and Development Institute ' s projections, the data are assumed to be within the zone.
As a result, the incremental space in 2030, calculated on the assumption of 30.7 billion cubic metres of gas demand in 2019, is nearly doubled, with cagr about 6 per cent. 2.2, high national policy certainty, ng or the future supplier.
Looking back at the development of natural gas in our country, policies on natural gas can be divided into two categories: the first is an industrial development strategy, which guides the long-term development of natural gas at the top, and sets forth corresponding development directions and objectives, such as the “13th Five” plan. The second is a “coal modification”-related policy, which addresses the need for natural gas from the point of view of energy substitution.
The goal of the 13th Five-Year Plan has been largely achieved. 2020 is the year of the 13th Five-Year Plan. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Natural Gas Development, published in December 2016 by the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency, the gas industry is in the process of becoming a natural gas industry.
The “coal gas conversion” policy, first issued by the State Council in 2013, proposes the promotion of the “coal-gas-building” project and the complete rehabilitation of small coal-fired boilers by 2017, with the exception of those required.
In addition to remaining, coal-fired boilers up to 10 tonnes/hours in built-up areas at the local level and above are largely eliminated. In the same time, it was proposed to control coal consumption, increase the supply of natural gas, and reduce coal as a share of total energy consumption to less than 65% by 2017.
This includes both the “coal gas conversion” project in rural areas and the phase-out of coal-fired small boilers. Under the “coal conversion” policy, coal consumption in the provinces and cities of the “2+26” cities declined steadily, and gas consumption rose rapidly, with cagr = 17.6% in 2005-2017.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, China continued to target the high-quality development of natural gas, which, according to the 14th Five-Year Development Path, is expected to last 300 million cubic metres over the next five years, with external dependence of up to 42%; 36% of the composition of imported natural gas is pipeline gas and 64% is ng.
Natural gas pipelines provide limited distance, Chinese on-shore pipeline gas is imported mainly from Russia, Central Asia, and the Middle East is also a potential destination for pipeline gas imports. Pipeline gas limit supply capacity is 160 billion cubic metres: according to China Oil Exploration and Development Institute projections, the two main pipelines are currently in Russia and Central Asia.
Import routes, with supply capacity of 75 billion cubic metres in 2020, 2030 in 2050, 120 billion cubic metres in 2050, and 140 billion cubic metres in 2050, with supply capacity expected to reach 135 billion cubic metres in 2030 and 160 billion cubic metres in 2050, respectively.
The global supply of natural gas is relatively relaxed, and a diversified supply market will help to fill China’s gas demand gap. Currently 69.4 million tons of eng stations are built and under construction in the country, with 80% capacity in 2020, which will be 75 billion cubic metres, and 581.5 billion in 2030, based on the above estimates.
On the assumption that, under the optimistic scenario, the amount of natural gas to be imported in 2030 would be 361.5 billion, the limit value of pipeline gas to be withheld would be 135 billion, and the import of ng would be approximately 226.5 billion, which would account for 39 per cent of China ' s gas consumption and 62 per cent of natural gas imports.
Among the operators, the group ' s natural gas company, which has ng receiving station resources, shares (a) and Xin O energy (h), will make figure 14: our gas is highly dependent on imports (2019) 2.3, network reform is driving the marketization process, and eng receiving station enterprises are expected to benefit from priority.
The price of gas in China is now regulated by the state. The price of gas in China is divided between the point of exit and the point of retail sale into the price of the plant, the price of the gate, and the price of the retail price.
Pricing mechanisms for door price and door price are currently being developed and approved by the National Development and Reform Commission, while selling prices below door price are provided by the provincial authorities in figure 16: China ' s gas pricing system is divided into four links ng and imported pipeline gas, whose gas is priced on the basis of the principle of cost-added; imported ng contract price and crude oil
Prices (jcc) are linked and avoid certain market risks by introducing capping mechanisms such as scavity; import pipelines come from former Soviet Union republics, whose pricing methods are described by the International Gas Union as a “bilateral monopoly” of government negotiating prices with considerable uncertainty. These three pricing mechanisms lack uniform market-based standards, while import gas and gas are associated with them.
The fundamental importance of natural gas network reform is to promote market-based pricing. Exploration, production, supply, and downstream trade with the gas industry chain, retailing for progressive liberalization, and market-based reform thinking for a diversified competitive pattern.
Different roads, market-based reforms of the mesh network facilities are mainly the introduction of a “third-party access system”, i.e. mandatory network transportation services are provided by operators on a fair and non-discriminatory basis to “third parties” outside the network's investors and operators. By opening the network facilities to third parties, fuller market competition can be introduced into the entire gas industry chain, thus breaking down.
Monopolies, more efficient supply and lower service prices. Figure 17: Regulatory reform will change the industry model. Enterprises with ng receiving station resources are expected to benefit first.
In the case of coastal urban gas companies with eng receiving stations, the network established an optimized infrastructure. In the case of ng, which used to be used mainly for trough transportation, the net was fairly accessed, resulting in a significant increase in the coverage of low-cost gas sources, which was favourable to the expansion of the city gas companies.
The creation of a second gas source has a certain advantage in the negotiation of pipeline gas with the “three barrels of oil”.3 Together, the New Olympic energy (h) is the capital of the city, which will lead to growth in corporate performance by 3.1, and long-term stability in the national city.
New Olympic energy (h) is a national flagship. New Olympic energy (h) has expanded its business around its mature urban combustion business system into four major plates: gas retailing and wholesale, gas-connection installation, integrated energy operations, and value-added operations. Since 2000-2019, total sales of natural gas from new Olympic energy have increased from about 17 million to 27 billion.
Cagr = 47%. By 2019, the number of company-owned urban gas projects was 217, covering 22 provinces, cities and autonomous areas, with a total length of pipelines of more than 54,000 kilometres and a population of 104 million, and had expanded into domestic cities with a steady increase in the volume of natural gas sales.
The company’s growth rate declined in 2015 and 2016 as a result of a slowdown in economic growth that limited industrial demand for energy, and a two-time downward revision of non-resident gas prices by the National Development Commission. In subsequent years, under the “coal gas-change” policy, the sale of natural gas increased rapidly.
As a result of the epidemic, public gas sales continued to rise by 4.8 per cent in the larger context of shrinking demand, oil prices regressed to trigger lower prices for upstream gas purchases, the Department offered price preferences to end-users, and there was a delay in the construction of new user projects during the epidemic.
The firm’s net return profit has fluctuated considerably since the beginning of 2020, and is expected to reduce the impact of the fair value change on the profit statement and, after removing the one-time factor, the company’s net return profit has remained largely stable.
The company’s business is gradually shifting to an integrated energy service provider, mainly based on gas sales, wholesales, and connections. The company’s traditional main business consists of gas sales, wholesales, and connections.
Over the years, companies have gradually shifted to integrated energy service providers, with integrated energy marketing services and value-added services accounting for revenue.
A year-by-year upswing, driven by rapid growth and higher levels of Māori, is expected to be a new value-added business that reverses the decline in Māori rates, with high controlled net interest rates increasing. In recent years, corporate Māori rates have continued their downward trend, as a result of a narrow fall in connection fees and sales gap.
3.2 Urban combustion operations are organized throughout the country, with urbanization as an engine of growth. By the end of 2019, Nuo Energy (h) successfully operated 217 urban gas projects in 22 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, covering a population of 104 million people.
As a result of the country's urbanization process and the promotion of policies such as “coal gas conversion”, the volume of gas sales has been increasing. In terms of the type of operations, gas retailing is divided into pipeline gas sales and car gas gas-emitting stations, and pipeline gas use includes residents and business users, and since 2011 cagr and gas wholesale, respectively, has been 19% and 20%.
It is companies that take advantage of their own gas-source networks, intelligent dispatch systems and capacity to sell lang to small gas distributors, business users outside urban gas operations, and downstream users such as eng gas plants and power plants, and in 2011 cagr = 31%.
Figure 26: Wholesale gas sales have increased year by year since 2014 Figure 25: Business and residential gas sales in retail operations have steadily increased Figure 27: National coverage of New Olympic energy (h) operations
In 2019, the company developed a total of 2.3970 million residential users, with a new connection of 18.16 million units per day, a slower rate of increase than in 2017-2018. The average cost of installation per household is RMB 29: the number of new connections is rising.
By the end of 2019, the country was at a critical stage in the overall construction of a small-combination society, with a large-scale urbanization process coupled with clean energy use to improve the environment, with companies actively cooperating.
In 2019, out of 2,397,000 newly developed households, 67%, 12% and 21% of new homes, retail sales are expected to increase as the trend towards urbanization continues.
In addition, in 2019, the disposable income of our urban residents was 42,359 yuan, an increase of 8 per cent, faster than the country's economic growth rate, reflecting an improvement in the standard of living of the population. By continuing to focus on the sale of natural gas to urban residents, the company has built up a stepping-stone gas price mechanism to increase the profits of its sales.
3.3. Integrated energy performance releases, with a promising increase in value-added business penetration, have a wide scope for integrated energy operations. Corporate revenues from integrated energy services were 2,749 million yuan in 2019, compared to energy services operations, which led to the creation of industry moats based on their own financial advantages and strategic vision.
Integrated energy technologies developed using clean energy sources such as natural gas, biomass, industrial residual heat, photovoltaics, geothermal, etc., based on an in-depth understanding of the customer's operating conditions, load characteristics, process characteristics, based on local resource endowments, and using the best combinations for customers, depending on the choice of different technological routes, based on the needs of the client.
Energy solutions, providing a combination of cold, heat, and electricity energy supply. Integrated energy services can break the pipeline gas project.
Source projects, 53 of which are outside the Group’s gas concessions, are expected to support the company’s value-added business when it lands. Value-added business is a terminal platform where companies rely on their brand influence and communicate with end-users to provide services such as energy-saving technologies, process modifications, equipment maintenance and gas-related products to clients.
Cookers, water heaters, oil smoker smart meters, alarms, etc... Value-added operations earned $1,988 million in 2019, an increase of 38.83 per cent in the same year; Māori 12.36 million, a rise of 62.2 per cent, a rise of 24.9 ptt in the same year, mainly because of the higher Māori rate of self-owned branded goods such as gas-salers sold by companies. The penetration rate is expected to increase. Value-added operations are on the whole in 2019.
Energy experts provide a variety of energy solutions to business and industry clients.4 Traditional business: energy engineering or benefit management network reform, and coal methanol elasticity
4.1 The proportion of energy-chemicals is high, performance is procyclical, asset expansion leads to growth in revenue, and performance is highly pro-cyclical. Through constant injection of assets, companies achieve business expansion, and the bulk of the acquisition bid is profitablely stable, thus achieving a “eight-year eight-fold” cross-cutting growth in corporate revenue, 2015-2015.
Cagr reached 24.38% in 2019. But the company’s performance was cyclical, as a result of the climate of the coal, chemical and santos industry and the return on investment. In 2019, the company collected $10.36 billion, influenced by the coal mine accident in the Crown Towers, and the low market prices for methanol, with a slight decline of 0.65%; and 2020h1 due to the epidemic.
With the impact of the severe global oil price shocks, coal and methanol price trends have fallen over and over and over again, and performance has slipped again. In terms of net return profits, corporate stock santtos suffered a net loss of $350 million on their assets in 2016, and net public/mortality profits have fallen by 35.61 per cent, while debt levels have declined significantly as a result of internal restructuring in santos.
The profits are gradually improving, and the investment returns provided boost the rapid growth of net profits of companies. The double decline in corporate and net interest rates between 2017 and 2019 was followed in 2019 by a fall in net profits attributable to the mother. The company is based on energy engineering and chemicals such as coal and methanol.
In 2019, it reached 90%, while the share of traditional and chemical industries such as agricultural and veterinary medicine, and chemicals such as dimethyl ether and liquefied gas, was gradually compressed, with 2019h1 agricultural veterinary operations completely removed. At Māori level, energy engineering and home-grown coal and methanol are relatively high, with very low levels of Māori, which contribute to the most harvested trade products.
Cost-side effects of selling prices and raw materials, Methanol, liquefied gas and energy engineering rates have continued to decline, while Māori for coal products has shown a reverse trend, rising from 31.28 per cent to 57.57 per cent in 2019.
The company’s current cost rate is well controlled, the Maori rate and net interest rates continue to decline. Financial costs increased significantly in 2016, as a result of the company’s new merger and purchase loans and corporate debt issued by the company, resulting in unusually high overall costs, while the company’s current rate was stable at around 11% in 2017-2019, with three cost rates stable and stable.
Decreasing trend. Impact of the overall decline in Māori trade as a result of the higher Māori ratio and the lower Māori rate of individual chemical products, figure 39: Trade in chemical products is dragging overall Māori levels 4.2, coal & methanol prices are warming, and there is more room for elasticity
The company's coal mining operations are carried out by a fully-owned subsidiary, the New Energy Mining Company. The company owns mining rights in the Royal Tower coal mine, located in the Ikinhoro flag forest of the city of Ordos in Inner Mongolia.
High-quality coal for use can also be used as a raw material for some of the coal-chemical products. In May 2019, the Royal Tower coal mine reached about 90% of its capacity utilization. The effects of the coal mine accident have been repaired. In November 2019, the Royal Tower mine ceased production as a result of the accident and resumed production on 15 February 2020.
In 2019, the company produced 24,415 tons of coal, sold 24.781 million tons of coal, sold single tons of gross tons, sold 32,518 million tons, sold six tons of single-ton Maori. The average rate of home-grown coal was 57.54%, and the rate of trade in coal was flat.
Methanol production comes from Sun's new energy source, with an equity capacity of 900,000 tons. A 600,000-tonne methanol project was officially launched in July 2009, with an actual capacity of 750,000 tons. Two 200,000-tonne stable light hydrocarbons project owner methanol, with the company benefiting from an investment gain. In 2019, the company produced 149.75 million tons of methanol, with a capacity utilization rate.
The new site works are the first-line gas network construction enterprise in the country.
It has a great deal of engineering experience, with a 38% concentration of coal-based catalysts, gasification, methane, gas purification, liquefaction, and system energy efficiency. The New Olympics group is expected to build on existing strengths and projects based on its involvement in the construction of long domestic pipelines and ng-related projects.
> Municipal public works (gas, heat) advisory > municipal industries (city gas engineering, heat)
>Municipal Public Works Project Phase I > Asme Certification Project) Design Level A Qualifications
>Chemical Engineering General Contracting Level I > Pressure Plumbing Device Level A > Chemical Industry Advisory Level B Qualifications
> Chemical and petrochemical medicine industry design level A qualification > petroleum gas, pharmaceutical consultancy level C > petroleum gas (marine oil) industry
>Fire facility engineering specialized contract level > pressure packagings (a1, a2) manufacturing qualification (pipeline transmission)
>Material and electrical engineering works under contract level 1 Specialized B > Pressure Pipelines (ga, gb, gc, etc.) in the power industry (new energy generation)
Qualifications for installation of pressure pipe (ga1, gb1, gb2, gd) class gc1)
Energy engineering has become one of the core businesses of the New Olympics. High Māori: energy engineering is driven by “technology plus equipment”, underpinned by a high Māori ratio, characterized by a depmc integration service, over 20 per cent over the years, and the market space is wide: as national energy sector policies and environmental policies continue to evolve.
Kilometres, cagr = 10 per cent, large-scale gas pipeline networks nationwide, ng emergency peak facilities are being built to provide broad market development space for the energy engineering industry.5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
New Olympics (h) operations: companies are reported to have completed and listed in mid-2020, with New Olympic energy (h) as a subsidiary with shares (a) in New Olympic shares of 32.8%. On the basis of historical data, we assume that its business is: 1) gas retail operations: residential and business users are expected to be the main growth space for the future 2020 -
In the future, the number of integrated energy projects is expected to increase at a rate of 20 per cent, commensurate with the rate of revenue growth; Māori maintains 17 per cent of water; and post-Ziono (a) operations: the company ' s veterinary operations have been stripped of 2019 and no longer contribute to their performance in 2020.
The core business is currently coal, methanol, ng, energy engineering, and New Olympic energy (h). We assume that: 1) energy engineering panels: 1455 pipelines are being built at a rate of 10%, energy engineering operations are rising steadily, 2) coal: the Royal Tower coal mine ceased production on 9 November 2019, resumed production on 15 February, assuming that
The company, which is the only scarce indicator of a share market's natural gas integration, will continue to acquire upstream low-cost sources of gas while relying on the New Olympic energy (h) all-country network; it is expected that the transition from the previous cyclical attribute to a comprehensive gas pipeline with long-term stable growth attributes will take place. We predict that in 2020-2022, the company will return to its mother-to-be net profit.
The price is currently 17.9/12.1/9.4 times higher. We have selected Shenzhen gas, recommence gas, and Kichuan energy sources as comparable companies. Compared to the average pe of 15.1 times in 2020 and the average pb of 2.2 times lower than the share of New Olympic shares of 17.9 times p and 5.02 times pb in 2020.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating should be given. The risk of safe production: the companies involved in natural gas distribution, coal and energy chemicals are all part of the industry.
High-risk industries. Energy chemical products such as methanol produced by a company are also hazardous chemicals, and if an unforeseen safety accident occurs in the production of the aforementioned product, it will have a significant impact on the performance of the company’s production activities.
▪ Policy risk: According to the current gas price formation mechanism in the country, the purchase and sale prices of natural gas are affected by government policies if future prices for natural gas procurement are raised, inter alia, by the National Development and Reform Commission's adjustment of door price and local government price authorities fail to adjust downstream sales prices in a timely manner
• The risk of changes in the macroeconomic and market environment: the energy sector as the backbone of the national economy, versus macros
Looking at the performance of the economy is closely linked, changes in the macroeconomic situation have a greater impact on the prices and needs of the company’s main products. As the domestic energy sector is largely integrated with the international market, the movement tends to be consistent with changes in the international market, and the recovery of the world epidemic is uncertain, or creates gains for the company.