The Southwest Securitization Team of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The company's plates and production capacity extend downstream from the ammonia platform (methanol and integrated ammonia) to coal-chemical products.
From the 1968 Texas Fertilizer Plant, we now own 2.5 million tons of urea, 250,000 tons of dmf, 200,000 tons of ammonium,
550,000 tons of acetic acid, 160,000 tons of adipic acid, 200,000 tons of ethanol, 550,000 tons of ethanol, 100,000 tons of melamine and methol.
The coal process is based on coal, which is converted into gas and liquid.
and solid fuels and chemicals, mainly gasification, liquefaction, distillation and tar processing and electro-pessel acetylene
Wallu Henl is gasification, in which gas furnaces are the key devices that can convert raw coal into co, h2, and co.
H2 is the main raw material for methanol, synthetic ammonia, which can be extended to the downstream nitrogen fertilizer industry, where methanol can be produced.
Extended to acetic acids, dmf, ethylene diols, titanium-amino platforms, less differentiated coal-chemical products at the core of the enterprise's competitiveness, and gas furnaces supplied the most important equipment as raw materials,
Process route selection determines cost competitiveness. There are three main process routes (distributed by hydrodynamics): fixed beds, fluidized beds, gas flow beds (water pulp and powder gasification technologies).
Economic comparative elements of gas furnaces for different processes: coal (coal prices), oxygen consumption, coal consumption, carbon conversion rates, active gas components, combined energy consumption, size of investment (in relation to patent 1) different application of process gas furnaces to coal species, fixed beds dominated by smoke-free coal, air flow bed with high-temperature pressure reaction
A wide range of coal species is applied, and less costly coal can be used. 2) Compared to oxygen consumption, coal consumption, carbon conversion rates, active gas components, energy consumption are indicators of the relative efficiency of the production of different gas furnaces. 3) Investment measures the fixed cost of inputs for different processes, and domestic autonomous intellectual property processes are available for patent fees.
There are advantages (licensing fees for patent enforcement, processing of proprietary equipment, on-site technical services, etc.). Compared to shell technology 600,000 tonnes/year synthetic ammonia devices and the introduction of domestically autonomous intellectual property (IPR) stoves, there are savings of about $600 million in investment.) Man-made costs, varying in number of processors, with fixed-bed gas furnaces of small size, and 600,000 tonnes of synthetic ammonia devices.
More than 30 machines are needed, while only two water-powder gas and space-bores are needed, reducing the number of users from 3,000 to 500. (5) Non-quantifiable targets, which are more complex to operate with new gas-based processes and higher maintenance costs than fixed-bed processes.
In conjunction with the dominant gasification process used by domestic enterprises, we have chosen to compare the parameters of fixed beds, water syrup, and space furnace gasification, which, by indicator, are 350 ton lower than the fixed bed process and 280 ton lower than the fixed bed process. The high cost of the fixed bed process is mainly due to the high consumption of tons of ammonia and the high cost of raw coal.
(a) Why is most fixed-bed companies not actively upgrading advanced gasification technologies? 1) Advanced process equipment is very expensive and the economic strength of the enterprise is difficult to invest;
2) Advanced processes are complex to operate and maintain, and gasification processes are not simply to replace equipment, but only enterprises of a large scale can digest, master and apply advanced gasification technologies; 3) Nitrogen Fertilizers, partially using fixed beds, are economically modified by technology, although fixed beds are highly contaminated and inefficient.
(d) The price and supply of smoke-free and smoke-free coal is increasing. The fixed-bed process in the country is entering the accelerated phase of withdrawal:
Previously, 60% of coal-headed urea fixed-beds in the country, and about 3,000-4,000 small nitrogen fertilizer companies, according to China Chemical Report, had dropped to 25.5 million tons by the end of 2018, accounting for about 38% of the total synthetic ammonia production in the country. Taking into account environmental and economic factors, an accelerated exit is expected in the future, and the National Development and Reform Commission is working on a directory of guidance on industrial restructuring.
(2019) The fixed-bed process will be included in the restricted category in the public consultation process, and future water pulp and space furnaces will gradually become mainstream processes.
At the end of 2017, the implementation of the Hualu Hisungl Traditional Industrial Upgrading and Cleaner Production Integrated Utilization Project was completed, which consisted mainly of the replacement of the original 14 ugi gas furnaces and a four-spray water gas-smelting furnace (closing), involving gas-generation capacity of 119,715 m3/h integrated gas (co+h_2), the introduction of four (3) water-smelting equipment, and a new project to synthesize gas production of 170,604 m3/h.
Wallu-Hinl-Acrear platform, Wallu-Hinl-Acrear platform Coal industry compares economics with oil and gas routes in addition to its own different routes, because of foreign chemicals.
The main source of oil, gas, low oil prices inhibit the profitability of coal-based industries, and therefore require a comparison between coal-based methanol and domestic gas-based methanol, and coal-based and oil-based hydrocarbons.
The co-generation platform can regulate the proportion of methanol and synthetic ammonia output.
1) raw coal is made of slurry through the grinding mechanism; 2) slurry enters gas furnaces, and coal is partially oxidized with oxygen into co-synthetic gas, co, ho, coo, hoo and a small amount of gas such as ch4, h2s, then enters the hot chamber bath;
(iii) Separating slags from gaseous black water; (4) converting sub-gases into co2 and h2, co+h2°h2+co2; (5) removing co3, h2s and h2o from gas using cryogenic methanol washing processes;
6) Enteres the methanol tower for methanol synthesis, resulting in methanol products through distillation, co+2h2=ch3oh; 7) cleans the gas with liquid nitrogen and removes the co, co, and other impurities that are harmful to the amino catalysts.h
The key is to control the co-variant rate (co2 and h2), by regulating catalysts, reaction pressures, temperature, etc. The advantage of the ICL is to convert the former toxic gas co to methanol feedstock, with the process as a whole being more economical, and by adjusting ammonia.
The ol ratio, which can regulate downstream product structure, has the effect of ironing down downstream product cycle fluctuations, and the current ratio of ethanol (methanol/total ammonia) in domestic combined ammonia is 10 to 50%.
Net imports of Chinese methanol in 2018 declined by 11 per cent from the same year.
New offshore manufacturing devices in 2018 included 1.75 million tons of ecibeaumont (June 2018) in the United States and 1.65 million tons of marjan (August 2018) in the Islamic Republic of Iran, where methanol was self-supplied, crowding out of South America into Europe and Asia.
Lower costs in the Middle East, mainly affecting the Chinese market. In 2019, the planned foreign Methanol production was close to 7 million tons, and the expected low price of imports of Methanol (US$ 250-270/tCfr) will result in domestic Methanol prices.
Production comb-methanol 85 million tons of domestic methanol production in 2018, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year, production of 557.5 million tons, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year.
Methanol accounted for 12% of methanol and flaring gas for 14%. 5.3 million tons of new methanol were produced in 2018, and about 4.5 million tons of new methanol were already or planned to be produced with mto capacity. 86.2 million tons of new methanol were produced in 2019.
Of this amount, 1.3 million are in the downstream and 3.5 million are in the downstream. Weakness and traditional downstream start-ups are down, and methanol is planned to add about 2.4 million tons in 2019, although most are in the upstream methanol, which is expected to take out methanol.
With an additional 2.5 million tons, demand is limited overall, and, given that methanol is still at its peak in production abroad, it is expected to remain under considerable price pressure in 2019. Waruheinium urea is part of the coal-headed water slurry process, and the platform has a cost advantage over industry.
According to raw materials, the urea process route is dominated by gas head and coal head, and foreign gas resources are abundant and well supplied, especially in West Asia and North America, have an advantage in gas prices, while the limited domestic reserves of natural gas, combined with the fact that in recent years “coal modification” has led to relatively tight natural gas and a higher cost of gas head urea than abroad. Domestic coal head urea currently accounts for 80% of domestic urea, and domestic head urea is distributed mainly in the Kawasin region.
There is a clear advantage in the cost of urea overseas, even taking into account the cost of freight, port handling, customs duties, etc. (300-350 ton)
East Asia, South Asia, West Asia account for 70 per cent of global urea supply, and China ' s urea-related policies aim to achieve zero fertilizer growth by 2020 in 2015; urea exports are measured in volume at $80 per ton; fertilizer preferential electricity prices are phased out; and value-added tax (VAT) is applied.
Full elimination of preferential fertilizer tariffs in 2016; elimination of fertilizer rail freight discounts; liberalization of fertilizer gas prices; elimination of duties on urea exports; surge in exports in West Asia; continued expansion of global urea production capacity in India and South America as major urea importers; and new developments in Central and South Asia in 2019-2021
With nearly 14 million tons of additional capacity, India is accelerating urea self-sufficiency and moving away from import dependence. China continues to push urea to produce and phase out low-productivity capacity (e.g. fixed beds) based on ifa projections for 2019.
The ability to produce pulmonary urea has grown significantly, and global pressure on urea supply has increased.
Internal and external prices are high, imported urea reboots, domestic urea production, combined with environmental monitoring, industry supply and demand patterns, coal-headed urea is profitable. But with the release of urea abroad, domestic prices are high.
The product comb and melamine became operational at 50,000 tons of melamine at the end of 2018, and now has 100,000 tons of melamine production capacity.
Product comb-triming melamine melamine into the bottom of profit 1 and new energy windows in the melamine industry 2016-2017
During the period, melamine profits recovered, combined with winter warming, tight natural gas supplies, limited air-headed urea, cost, driving melamine profits to historical heights and price differentials.
Less than $1,000 has been expanded to 4000-5,000.2 The supply of melamine expanded from 1.95 million tons to 2.2 million tons in 2018, driven by the recovery of industrial profits.
In 2019, with Wallu-Hing rising 50,000 tons of urea in production, adding up to low downstream demand.
The price differential for melamine has been reduced to the bottom of history, and the product combing -- acetic acid.
Product combing -- Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acidity (AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA)
High concentration in the acetic acid industry, close to 50 per cent, firms will not easily expand their capacity blindly, and the overall growth in the acetic acid production from 2014 to 2018 will be more rational, while downstream pta production will continue to expand, from 16 million tons in 2010 to 40.7 million tons in 2018, and the supply and demand patterns of acetic acid will be optimized.
Acetic acids rose to 80 per cent in 2018. Acetic acids peaked in a new wave of expansions in the period from 2019 to 2020.
There has been a significant increase in profitability, coupled with an increased willingness to expand, with a new round of acetic acid expansion in industry by the end of 2020, with an expansion of 1.65 million tons (and 350,000 tons of helium petrochemicals in production).
Product combing -- acetic acid. Weakness in 2019, export downside, narrow price spreads between 1 and 2017-2018, increasing from around $1,000 to the highest.
Four hundred thousand dollars, due to the limited additional capacity, environmental surveillance, the sound of the device, and the beginning of a return to the level of acetic acid exports, which are now about 40,000 tons per month, a decline of 28 per cent over the same period, and 147,000 tons between January and April.
Product combing - ethanol Product combing - ethanol Coal ethanol break-through, import replacement
The intergenerational process accelerated with domestic production of about 9 million tons of ethanol in 2017, with coal producing ethanol.
About 3 million tonnes, or one third of the total, with an additional 1.25 million tonnes per year of ethanol production in the country by 2018.
In total, the coal-based synthetic gas route is 22 units with a combined capacity of 4.42 million tonnes/ 2 and 500,000 tonnes of coal ethanol at Waruheungl.
Devices are typical of technology breakthroughs, ethanol from the Middle and Far East, with 500,000 tons of devices in a single drive in October 2018.
It's full in November, and the product's quality is at polyester level, with a premium rate of up to 100% and costs more than domestic coal ethylene.
Production combing ethylene glycol, production concentration release, coal-based ethylene glycol for profit.
1. With the technological breakthrough, a large number of coal-based ethanol devices have been installed in the country, new production has hit the market, and profits from coal-based ethanol have been suppressed for almost one to two years. Recent data show that the stock of ethanol in the country’s ports has increased from 6 to 800,000 tons in the past.
By 1.2 million tons, combined with a setback in international oil prices, the profitability of ethanol continued to decline.2 According to statistics, the domestic production of ethanol increased by about 5 million tons in 2020, and domestic consumption of ethanol was estimated at 16.5 million tons in 2018, from the point of view of the import substitution space.
Imports accounted for 60 per cent, and there was still nearly 10 million tons of alternative space, long-term enough to absorb new domestic production, but short- and medium-term prices of ethanol continued to drop.
Product combing -dmf dmf is used mainly as solvent in the production of thiram, ammonia, and also in the general use of pesticides, dyes, leather, etc.
(dmf evaporated to human body resulting in organ damage and poor self-identification, environmental pollution due to irregular discharges, dmf largely not used in developed countries abroad, in recent years within the country)
The country's dmf production capacity has stagnated, even falling from 1.15 million tons to 1.1 million tons in 2018, and the start-up rate has remained relative.
Low, driven by downstream products in 2018, dmf started up to 60% and product price differentials increased.
The company has 200,000 tonnes of BKO devices, and due to the differences in the profitability of the product, production is largely dominated by the production of octanol.
Domestic production of butol increased by 380,000 tons in 2018, a 16 per cent increase in octanol over the same period.
There are 180,000 and 250,000 tons of ethanol devices in operation, each in the country, compared to the current production of octanol, combing-octaol and n-butaneol.
There is over-pressure on butoctaline production, digestion of existing construction capacity and release of new production capacity within two years, resulting in a high risk of medium- and long-term profitability in products.
Stabilization; the potential carcinogenic risk of the octanol downstream product plasticizer dop has long been restricted in the EU, which is not currently in place in the country, but downstream manufacturers are looking for and using the green plasticizer as an alternative.
Domestic but octanol devices can be modified to regulate both production and to select the output depending on the temperature, so the price difference between octanol and n-butylene is kept at a certain level.
The product combing-hexadiate, Harrowing up to 160,000 tons of H2A, with 400,000 tons of cyclohexone and 300,000 tons of nitrate, and hydrogen self-sustaining from the ammonia platform.
The product combing - affluence. The domestic production capacity is still excessive. In 2018 it was 2.56 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of only 57 per cent, the Great Fung Sea, the Shandong Hung industry, etc.
The installation has been shut down for a long time, and there are low loads in the Shandong Hali and Tangshan intermediate devices.) Due to the low end of the domestic adipic products, high homogenization, high rate of start-up, competitiveness of basic reaction enterprises, there are currently two main types of advantage enterprises: 1)
In the form of Chongqing Wah Peak, Henan Jockey, with his own dydiac acid sub-stream industrial chains (pumber, soles, nylon 66); and 2) in the form of Wallu Heung-hoon, optimized by installation and operational synergy (hydrogen, etc.)
Dysodiazine business devices maintain high loads, product combs, and exports increase to reduce domestic excess pressure.
Domestic exports of adipic acid increased from 30,000 to 310,000 tons in 2010-2018, mainly in North-East and South-East Asia, and have increased in recent years in the European and American markets.
Breaking overstretched by high-end adipic acid, oversupply of low-quality adipic acids in the country, and inadequate supply of high-quality adipic acids, among which key production technologies have been nationalized.
Outlier monopolies. In recent years, some domestic firms have gradually solved the problem of yellow-variable and low-volume impurities in production through technology digestion, absorption, and domestic high-quality domestic production of adipic acid.
In March 2019, Warlusingl announced an investment of 1,572 million in the construction of the Quality Improvement Project for Congenital Diacid (1666 million tons), which aims to:
Promotes the high-end glycol product into the first echelon of the industry. At the same time, a sophisticated cyclohexene water is used to legally produce cyclohexol and nitric acid oxide production technologies.
In April 2019, the Manyron Chemical High-Quality Affluence Technology was successfully tested in a pilot project.
The product combing-hexinamide industry is expanding rapidly from 550,000 tons in 2010 to 3.7 million tons at present and 800,000 tons in 2019-2020.
There has been a gradual decline in domestic export dependence for end-of-life amphetamine, with annual imports falling from more than 600,000 tons to about 200,000 tons currently, but some of the high end end end end amphetamine still needs to be imported and it is hoped that full self-sufficiency will be achieved in the future.
Production combing-hexylamide slowed down production in 2018 and environmental surveillance led to more overhauls of the antiamide device, leading to a state of tension in the supply phase of the market for antiamide in 2018.
An additional capacity of about 200,000 tons of cassiterite has been added to boost the demand for endamide, maintaining a significant profit overall in 2018. In 2019, both endamide and downstream thugs were expanded simultaneously, although by count.
In the long run, more and more manufacturers are laying out the industry of benzene-hemoxazine, and the announcement in March 2019 that Hualu Heungl will invest $4.98 billion in the construction of ammonium.
The chain, the increased competition for endamide over the next few years, the separate endamide suit and the nylon new materials project, including 300,000 tons of endamide, will no longer have an advantage.
Tens of thousands of pa6 slices, 200,000 tons of molycid, 480,000 tons of sulphuric acid, and full-scale industrial chains deep into the industry.
The Southwest Securities Corporation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent they know, have no laws or regulations that require disclosure or use of restrictive, silent measures against the securities evaluated or recommended in this report.