Publicly issued corporate bonds, funds raised for technology improvement projects - Developmental evaluation of the Cemetery in Liangzhou (000568), event: announcement issued on the evening of March 11, 2019, which the company received on July 18th, 2019
The State Securities Commission's “Certificate Licence” (2019] 1312 approves the public issuance of corporate bonds with a total face value of up to RMB 4 billion (including RMB 4 billion) to eligible investors. This bond is issued on a phased basis, with companies publicly issuing corporate bonds (first issue) to eligible investors in 2020 not exceeding the size of the issue (first issue)
The funds raised will be used for projects such as technology change. The corporate bonds issued will be used for the brewing of wine engineering and engineering projects (phase II), the information management systems intelligent upgrading project, and the yellow wine brewing base, after deducting the distribution costs.
One of the pregenital advantages of the Xiangzhou cellar is the Chinese white wine and gold triangle, where a long-standing cellar pool supports its superior quality, where the company increases production and ensures follow-up by expanding production; and the brewing engineering project (phase I).
Auyang Woo's sword, a cellar pool, 35,000 tons of fresh gin: the brewing engineering project (phase II) will reach production in December 2025, with a capacity of 100,000 tons after completion of construction. This bond was released at a cost of $7.4 billion.
Zhang Xing has almost completed a quarter of the target and the company has responded positively to the outbreak.
The elimination of the 1573 classic stock quota for the cellars in February by local distributors and, in the event of the need for the 1573 classic quota for the cellars, the organization by each of the regional districts of the cellar companies of transfers of stocks in the region has helped to stabilize the market price system and ease the pressure on distributors, as the February quota has a low share throughout the year (less than 5 per cent in 19 years).
The elimination has had limited impact on companies’ performance throughout the year. Unlike 13 years of irreversible cuts in the consumer landscape, the current round of the epidemic has only been a short-lived disincentive to the consumer landscape, the consumer base remains stable, and companies are expected to grow well and fast in a crowded environment of competition.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, a company that maintains an "additional" rating at 28 Peace Rixie Street, in Beijing's West Side.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
I don't have, do not have, do not have, and will not have any part of my pay.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.