One power transmission and distribution business, high growth of overseas orders — a study on the dynamics of the company 00228.sz Deep farming and distribution industry, one equipment business.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn Deep-farmed transmission and distribution equipment, which is a small number of furniture in the current transmission and distribution equipment industry.
The company’s main products, which include gas and gils up to 750kv and gil, 500kv and below, relay protection equipment and monitoring systems, 750kv and below sf6 circuit breakers and isolation switches, are currently in the vicinity of the company.
New orders of $16,513 million (excluding taxes), growth over the same period the previous year
In the case of overseas markets: companies have long adhered to overseas strategies and have continued to produce products and markets.
In 2023, the company added $4.01 billion to its overseas market, 34% more than the same year. Multiple products passed through Spain, the United Kingdom, France, Singapore, Egypt, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Mexico, Colombia, and South Africa.
Qualifying at home. With the current high demand for overseas electricity equipment, companies are expected to be well placed to take advantage of the fact that companies are consolidating their domestic grid market position while continuing to expand the price of raw materials abroad; that overseas markets are not moving as fast as expected; and that competition in the industry is increasing.
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I don't have, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to. I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to, I don't have to.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.