\triangleright 2023 company revenue target \triangleright
Business confidence. The company’s hyper-industry growth is driven mainly by: 1. Intranet business upgrading; 2. Gis products, etc., reaching high-end markets; 3. Out-of-grid markets, raising out-of-grid markets; 4. Strengthening construction to open overseas markets; 5. Active development of new products, technological innovation, and enrichment.
Product lines. 6. The company ' s excellent organizational structure and management, including marketing service systems, supply chain/engineering services platform building, etc. Significant increases in revenue from coil/non-compensation products and significant increases in the profitability of switch products.
\triangleright Income at the end, in 2023, the company generated $5,582 million, yoy+10.87 per cent, the coils earned $2,747 million, yoy23.13 per cent, and the non-utilized items.
The main reasons for the varying degrees of growth across the business sectors, with no compensation for incompetence and higher income from the coils, are, in our view, the following: 1. New energy installations are growing faster, resulting in the incompensator rate of 29.50 per cent per annum, yoy+3.17 pct, net interest rate of 12.91 per cent.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
0.19 pct; Māori rate for smart equipment: 34.01%, yoy+1.87 pct; general contracting for engineering is the level of Māori for switches, mainly due to: 1. Increased corporate income, which should be reduced in size; 2. Increased automation of inputs to increase production efficiency; 3. Increased R & D inputs, product research
Sourcebooks; 4. Strengthening project management for project delivery to increase Māori rates; 5. Large overseas Māori ratio. Companies have been overseas for many years, looking for overseas power supply opportunities. \triangleright for new and emerging industries such as ai
This increase has led to an increase in demand for electricity equipment, as well as rapid developments in new energy sources, which have led to demand for the construction, upgrading and replacement of domestic and external power grids, as well as favourable global demand for investment in the grid. Companies have maintained a long-term overseas strategy of adding $4.01 billion to the foreign market in 2023, an increase of 34 per cent.
Many of the company’s products, such as those in Italy, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Denmark, Australia, and others, have made a breakthrough, and many of them have been certified in Spain, France, Singapore, etc., as they move towards globalization. In 2023, the company’s overseas revenues were 2,158 million yuan, yoy+15.71%.
The company's focus on technology and innovation, its vision of a forward-looking future, and the gradual deployment of its new business have also underpinned the company's growth for more than a decade. On the new business side, the company actively develops flexible direct transmissions, storage, and quiet.
Synchronized cameras, auto electronics, middle voltage switches, holsters, smart lifts, low-voltage switches, etc. In the area of hypercomfort, the company completed the acquisition of caricature carbon in 2023, controlling it and incorporating it into the company’s merger.
The company's major spot project, which provides core components for its vehicle-borne back-up power system; there are also breakthroughs in the field of power, with initial approval and active pilot applications from clients in such innovative applications as the geostationary synchronous camera (ssc), and the grid back-up.
Business income falls short of expectations, while new business opportunities and newly acquired client targets are not yet able to generate defined income in a short period of time, and therefore the discounting of related goodwill affects the company’s profits in the short term. In terms of storage capacity, companies continue to publish site-level energy system products and actively expand the network.
Svg and storage energy packages are actively exploring applications in direct flow mix distribution, and overseas households are now using more channels of cooperation. The company’s new business is expected to lay the foundation for future company growth.
Risk factors: Unexpected investment in the grid, price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in the market, etc. B., three years of experience in industrial research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry.
B.A. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre, responsible for research in the robotics, engineering control and recharge poles industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.