By the wind of electricity investment, the future performance of the power system industry is fully organized, moving through the industry cycle, leading to profitable growth, and the company is one-time equipped with the power system in a few of the current transmission and distribution equipment industries.
One of the producers with the capacity to develop, manufacture and solve products such as general mechanical electrical equipment, secondary equipment (control electrical equipment), electrical electronics, etc.
In 2006, the company had only two major high-pressure switches and coils, with a revenue ratio of 38 per cent and 51 per cent, respectively: it had now formed a switch category, a coil category, an incompetent compensation category, an intelligent establishment, and a total of 5 major operations, with a separate share of business income in 2023.
• Overseas demand drives corporate income growth The company has a long-standing overseas strategy to sustain its product and market inputs. Overseas 1 passed through the industry cycle in 2023, leading to profitable growth.
Several industries with one-time equipment for electricity systems (traditional machinery), secondary equipment (controllable power), electricity have had many years of industry experience, accumulated a rich and mature product development and manufacturing experience with core technology leading many industries, and are actively pursuing research and development of autonomous, national production equipment, which is now in the lead with industry.
The growth of revenue has been steady, and overall performance has continued to improve.2 The expansion of products has contributed to concerted development, with clear advantages, and in recent years the company has evolved from being a single product at the time of its creation to providing a single supply of equipment in the electricity system (traditional machinery).
The company is actively developing digital grids and electronic power integration technologies based on the power system, actively expanding the geostationary synchronous camera (ssc), the network svg and storage energy set, wide-frequency shock suppression, high stress, etc.
Related operations such as filtering: companies actively explore applications in the field of direct flow mix distribution, actively develop distributed new energy multifunctionality, integrate integrated solutions, low-voltage direct flow switches, household photo-filling integration systems, etc.: companies insist on exploring applications of somatic storage units, actively developing auto electronics, grid backup, hybrid FM systems, etc.
In terms of collection structure, in 2006 the company had only high-pressure switches and two major coils, with a revenue ratio of 38 per cent and 51 per cent, respectively; it had now formed a switch, a coil, an incompetence, a smart equipment category, and a total of 5 major engineering packages.
Figure 4 Distribution of Sub-products by Company in 2023 3 Expedition of offshore demand, driving corporate income growth The company has long maintained its overseas strategy and continued its product and market inputs. In 2023, the company was updated in the overseas market.
With the qualification of many major overseas markets, subsidiaries or equity participation companies have been established in more than 10 countries and regions, bringing about a new round of capital investment in overseas power grids as the demand for new energy grids increases rapidly. According to Bloomberg's new energy finance, cumulative global grid investment between 2022 and 2030 will total more than $20 trillion, with annual compound growth.
The average annual investment in the global grid between 2023 and 2030 is projected to increase steadily to 500 billion electric power transfer and distribution equipment in developed regions for many years, with a larger replacement space; electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc. is lagging behind, and there are greater opportunities for new businesses. As companies expand their overseas markets, overseas electricity is available.
Increased investment intensity of the network is expected to lead to a new round of growth for companies. Percentage points. Companies are continuously investing in research and development, and are now developing innovative products in a number of core product lines, such as high-pressure tubes, power automation, storage, transformers, circuit breakers, etc.
In 2023, the company successfully completed the acquisition of the caricatures, making progress on core products such as the two-storey super-volc (edlc) and hybrid super-volc (huc). In the future, the company will work more closely with the car-electrics, storage, etc., to improve the company’s industrial chain layout and to accelerate the company’s expansion of new energy vehicles and storage capacity.
Corporate products are mainly used for research and development, production, marketing and services of transmission and distribution equipment, and competition in the market has increased with the recent rise in new energy loading machines: products such as neutral spot-to-ground products, high voltage switches, electric capacitors, sensors, transformers, etc. of the company's main products have developed over the years, technology and markets are relatively mature, and major customers bid for bids, and markets compete.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: As the company ' s overseas operations continue to develop in the future, exchange rate fluctuations will result in the company ' s business performance at a slower pace than expected: if the pace of product R & D, market diffusion and customer development continues to lag, they will have a significant impact on the company ' s long-term growth space and speed expectations.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.