The Bank of Nanking announced that the company's public release of the fungible debt had been approved by the CSRC.
20 billion yuan, with a six-year debt-transferable maturity, the initial transfer price of the current issue is to create supplementary capital to support business development, focus on the process of conversion to equity, provide forward-looking replenishment of core capital, and contribute to sustainable business development
In the context of regulation encouraging financial institutions to increase their support for real-economy financing, banks’ core capital losses have accelerated. Companies’ operations are still at a rapid stage of development, with a 13.2% increase in the ratio of risk-weighted assets at the end of the quarter, in terms of size expansion, and a 18.0% increase in credit.
In terms of capital performance, at the end of the quarter, the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate was 9.67%, a decline of 0.3 percentage points from the end of 2020. Even though capital adequacy at the core-level of the company is now higher than regulatory requirements, it is forward-looking to supplement core capital to provide a sustainable development reserve for future operations.
Capital strength is at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs, focusing on the conversion process, which, according to the Nanjing Bank announcement, is worth $20 billion. According to our static calculations (based on 2021q1, the firm’s core capital adequacy rate will be in front of the upper city comptoirs.
In view of the six-month conversion period after the release of the fungible debt, we assume that the fungible debt could be transferred to the more advanced economies of 2022, such as the Nanjing Bank Director's Triangular, while maintaining the two main strategies of retail and trading banks, to accelerate the digital transition.
As soon as the fungible stock transfer is completed, the firm’s core capital will be further consolidated, protecting the capital boom and recommending active attention to the company’s stock transfer process. Nanjing Bank: The interest gap is wider and credit growth is stronger.
The net market rate was 0.98/0.89x, maintaining an increased rating, and the downside of the economy of Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. resulted in a deterioration in asset quality that was more than expected and regulatory controls were more than expected.
The company’s public release of the fungible debt has been approved by the CSRC. The issue was set at $20 billion, with a six-year maturity period and an initial transfer price of $10.10/equity for the current issue.
A forward-looking replenishment of core capital, enabling operations for sustainable development, accelerated the pace of loss and depletion of core capital in banks in the context of regulatory incentives for financial institutions to scale up physical and economic financing support. Corporate operations are still in a fast-growing phase, with a 13.2% increase in corporate risk-weighted assets at the end of the quarter, depending on the size of the expansion; and credit growth.
Correspondingly, in terms of capital performance, the firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the quarter was 9.67%, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points from the end of 2020. Although the capital adequacy rate at the core level of the company is now higher than the regulatory requirement (7.5%), we believe that the issuance of the debt-transferable issue is a forward-looking approach to the company’s core capital in the context of its own business development plan, which will supplement its potential for future operations.
Capital strength is at the forefront of the city's comptoirs, and attention is paid to the conversion process, which, according to the Nanjing Bank announcement, is worth $20 billion. According to our static calculations (based on 2021q1, assuming 11.58%, the core-level capital adequacy rate of the company will be at the forefront of the upper city comptoirs after the transfer is completed).
In the case of the conversion period, we assume that the swap could be completed by the end of the second half of 2022, and in view of the impact of the conversion on financial indicators, more advanced economies, such as the Governor of Nanjing's Bank, the “1+3” initiative, while maintaining the two main strategies of retail and trading banks, is designed to speed up the digital transformation. Firms are sound, asset quality is maintained, and operations are developing rapidly.
When this convertibility is completed, the firm’s core capital will be further consolidated to protect asset-side expansion, suggesting that active attention be paid to the downside of the economy, which leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulatory framework led banks to give way to the real economy, which is expected to continue in 2021, but if interest rate controls or supermarkets allow them to anticipate or influence the performance of banks’ profits.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)