The performance of the Nanjing Bank in the first quarter of the year was in line with expectations, with a sharp increase in net revenue from interest and fees, a rapid increase in credit delivery, a good increase in end-of-debt deposits and an up-to-date ratio. Corporate asset quality was maintained, and the provision coverage was maintained at the highest level in the industry.
The growth in net profits of Nanjing Bank during the first quarter of the year, which was 9.3 per cent higher than in 2020, rose by 4.1 percentage points more than in 2020; however, the rate of growth of corporate fees slowed slightly, with 4.6 percentage points lower than in 2020. The performance of split revenues showed excellent performance in terms of interest income and fees earned by Nanjing Bank during the first quarter, with fluctuations in revenue from the second quarter being a major factor in the growth of the recovery. The rapid increase in revenue from fees was driven mainly by growth in business such as commissioning and bond sales, with net interest income rising by 074 per cent compared to the same period, and by 4 percentage points higher than in the second quarter of 2020. That is, net income from company fees increased by 88.2 per cent over the first quarter of the same quarter, rising again by 25.1 per cent in 2020, and by the end of the first quarter, by 17.5 per cent over the same quarter, by 10 bp over the end of the quarter.
The bank ' s equity end-of-end return ratio remained generally stable in the first quarter, but the liability end-of-end cost ratio dropped by 10bp, supporting the company ' s positive performance in the interest differential. Bank credit at Nanjing Bank grew rapidly in the first quarter, rising by 18.0 per cent the same year, driving total assets to increase the same year.
The ratio of credit to total assets rose slightly by between 1.28 percentage points and 44.3 per cent, with public loans remaining larger at 70.5 per cent (including instruments) and individual loans at 29.5 per cent. With the Bank of Nanjing ' s 2021 overhaul of the Great Retail Strategy 20 transformation and the intensive implementation of the two-round drive-out strategy of consumer and housing loans, the ratio of individual loans is expected to rise in the future. The end-of-debt and first-quarter Nanjing bank deposits grew well. The same-year ratio increased by 11.5 per cent and 10.8 per cent, while the quarterly deposits were 70.5 per cent of the total liabilities, up 2.4 percentage points from the end of 2020.
Structurally, at the end of the first quarter, the share of Nanjing Bank companies and individual deposits in total deposits was 77.5 per cent and 22.4 per cent, respectively; the share of current and term deposits remained stable compared to the end of last year, with the share of one quarter in total deposits being 31.0 per cent, with a ring increase of 80bp.
At the end of the quarter, the percentage of loans of concern to companies was 76.2 per cent, down 6.7 percentage points from the 2020h82.9 per cent level. At the end of the quarter, Nanjing Bank provided coverage rings against a background of good asset quality.
Bank of Nanjing: Sustained Growth of Earnings and Rhythming. The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in asset quality that was more than anticipated, and regulatory controls that were better than expected.
Bank of Nanjing discloses the first quarterly report of 2021, the return of net profit in the first quarter of 2021, +9.30 per cent (2020, +5.20 per cent) and operating income.
+ 1.64 per cent (2020, +6.24 per cent) of the same year, interest net revenue equal to +17.38 per cent (2020, +10.44 per cent) and net revenue from fees equal to +58.23 per cent of the same quarter, reflecting a 9.3 per cent increase in net profits from the Nanjing Bank and 4.1 percentage points higher than in 2020; however, the rate of increase in revenue slowed slightly to 4.6 percentage points lower than in 2020.
At the same time, the net interest income of the Bank of Nanjing increased by 17.4 per cent in the first quarter of the year, as compared with almost 7 percentage points in 2020. The net income from company fees increased by 58.2 per cent in the first quarter, and rose again at a rate of 25.1 per cent in 2020, with 17.5 per cent in the second quarter.
This is driven by the growth of entrusted financial operations and bond underwriting, and is the result of the company’s sustained strategic transformation of retail and trading banks. According to the annual report for 2020, Nanjing Bank commissioned revenue increased by 23.5% over the year; bond underwriting increased by 13.9% over the same period; and Nanjing Bank recorded a net interest difference of 1.96% over the quarter, and a 10bp increase in the ring over the quarter, mainly as a result of improved end-of-debt costs.
Supported. We measured that the end-of-asset yield ratio of Nanjing Bank was largely stable in the first quarter, but the end-of-debt cost ratio dropped by 10bp, supporting the company’s interest differentials performed well. The bank credit of Nanjing Bank grew rapidly in the first quarter, rising by 18.0%, driving the total asset by 9.3% and credit by 9.3% of total assets.
Further progress has been made, with the ring rising by 1.28 percentage points to 44.3 per cent, with a still larger share of public loans, at 70.5 per cent (including bills);
All right, the same ring ratio increased by 11.5 per cent to 10.8 per cent, and the share of deposits in liabilities for the first quarter was 70.5 per cent, up 2.4 percentage points from the end of 2020.In the deposit structure, the share of Nanjing Bank companies and individual deposits in total deposits was 77.5 per cent and 22.4 per cent, respectively, at the end of the first quarter; the share of current and fixed-term deposits remained stable compared to the end of last year, with the share of current deposits in total deposits for the first quarter being 31.0 per cent, an increase of 80 bp.
The quality of the assets remained robust, and the quality of the Nanjing Bank assets remained stable during the last quarter of the industry, with a negative rate of 0.91 per cent ring-events, and a poor bookkeeping rate that has remained relatively excellent since the end of the quarter, with 1.29 per cent of loans of interest at the end of the quarter, an increase of 8bp compared to the beginning of the year, still at a low level, negative + concern.
Class lending is at a lower level than a comparison of listed banks, with less pressure on the quality of potential assets. We measure the rate of daily/non-performing loans at 76.2% for the first quarter of Nanjing and 6.7 percentage points lower than the level of 82.9% at the end of the second half of 2020. At the end of the quarter, Nanjing Bank, against a background of good asset quality, provides a coverage ring of 2.1 to 393.9% of the above line.
The performance of the Nanjing Bank in the first quarter of the year has been positive and stable. The net revenue from interest and fees has increased rapidly, credit has increased rapidly, end-of-debt deposits have increased rapidly, and demand ratios have risen. The company has maintained excellent asset quality, was found to be poor, and the provision coverage will remain high in the industry. In 2021, Nanjing Bank will be based on a long triangle and will maintain a large retail and trading bank.
Together with the two strategies, the “1+3” action plan is designed to accelerate the pace of digital transformation, continue to scale up operations, optimize business structures, upgrade service levels, release transformational dynamism, and recommend positive attention. Given the resilient growth of corporate profitability, we are pushing the economy upwards, leading to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks are highly relevant as pro-cyclical industries, corporate business development and economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or a concessionary policy supermarket is expected, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.