Recommended (first coverage) All-industry chain pig taps, low-cost cycling cycle - first-time coverage report for herd shares (002714.sz)
For 30 years, the focus has been on pig-breeding, and the whole country has grown to produce pigs. After 30 years of development, herd shares have become part of an integrated whole chain of feed processing, pig-breeding, commodity pig-breeding, slaughtering, and so on. The company, based on pig-breeding, established two animals in 2022.
The company has expanded the upstream chain, with the added slaughtering capacity to expand downstream layouts, industrial chain integration, and accelerated progress. With its unique breeding system and excellent management, the company has grown almost 31 times in eight years, with 40.26 million pigs in 2021, and is expected to do so in 2022.
The rapid expansion of production leads to rapid growth in the company’s performance, significant advantages across the entire industrial chain, and the consolidation of the company’s low-cost moats. 1) Forage: The public sector’s farm capacity is spread across the agricultural provinces, with the advantage of purchasing raw materials, and in accordance with market conditions.
Dynamicly adjusting feed formulations, feed soybean reduction effects lead the industry. Purchasing advantages with feed rationing RM/kg is significantly below the level of large-scale field feed costs in the industry. 2) Farming: unique binary replanting methods, companies move away from dependence on imported pigs, helping to reduce farm production.
Ben, with good experience in smart farming techniques, a breeder raises 10,000 pigs a year, twice the average in the industry. The unique way of breeding combines the advantages of smart farming, and the efficiency of the company ' s farming continues to improve. In December 2022, the company produced about 27 pigs.
6 pc) 3) Slaughter: As of December 2022, the company had put 10 slaughterhouses into production and is now profitable. With the company’s vast farm size, the slaughter business is expected to continue to improve its performance with the increase in capacity utilization.
Essential coverage is expected to help reduce the cost of transporting pigs. Companies work together with deep farming through a whole-of-business chain to build cost advantage moat rivers at a full cost of about $15.5/kg at this point in time, and the lead cost advantage is expected to be the lifeline for companies to develop over the long term.
Multi-factor assisted productive capacity expands, and gdr releases are expected to consolidate the foundations of long-term development. 1) Land: now the company has more than 100 million farmed land resources, and the future pace of development is not constrained by land constraints. 2) Growling: the company ' s unique dual wheels return to mixed pigs and breeders.
(c) Financing: Corporate combined finance is strong enough to raise global deposit vouchers (gdr) through a variety of financial instruments such as non-public stock issues, medium-term bills, etc., and will be marketed on the Swiss Stock Exchange. This is expected to go further.
Expanding access to corporate finance, expanding global supply-chain networks, and implementing corporate development strategies aimed at reducing international procurement costs, security of supply-chain companies, etc. The recovery of productive capacity is slow, and the prices of pigs in 2023 are expected to continue.
The prices of pigs have been rising steadily since April, reaching a maximum of $28/kg in October, and the company is now in a cash-for-profit period. By October 2022, the country had 43.7 million hogs, up from 4.84% in April.
Corporate performance is expected to continue to grow with strong cost advantages, higher elasticity, and strong reserves of capital. Prices for pigs are not as high as expected; Africa’s swine plague; and food price volatility.
1. Focusing on pig-breeding, the growing self-sufficiency model has expanded rapidly. 1.1. The whole industry has focused on pig-breeding, the first leader of pig-breeding, and has focused on pig-breeding for 30 years.
The company, which was founded in 1992 and has developed over 30 years, has developed a model of “integrate self-rearing” that combines feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig raising, slaughtering, etc., and now covers the whole chain of pig farming.
And in July, the company extended to the upper part of the industrial chain, with the installation of the Bounty Animal Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., which was formed with the share of the Central Shepherd, and the Federation of Inner Mongolia, which established the Henan Alliance Animal Pharmacy Company Ltd., which continued to improve the whole industry. In July 2022, the company operated as the prices of pigs rose.
The situation has gradually improved and work has begun on the small-scale farming project, which is expected to produce about 75 million pigs by the end of 2022, while the company has accelerated its downstream slaughtering capacity. As of 29 November 2022, the company had completed 10 slaughterhouses with a total capacity of 29 million head/year.
In the first half of 2022, the company sold 3128.0 pigs in the first half of 2022.
In terms of slaughter, the company 2022h1 has slaughtered 351.5 million pigs, sold 33,368 tons of fresh, frozen pork, and earned $5,075 million in revenue from the slaughter business, an increase of 121.23 per cent.
Figure 2. Company-wide chain layout. Equity structure is centralized, and executives and corporate interests are deeply tied. In 1992, Mr. Qin Young-lin's wife, Ms. Chan-ling, started a business, starting with 22 pigs in 1995, and started large-scale chemical and biological pig farming, 2014
As of the third quarter of 2022, Mr. Qin and Ms. Qin held 40.41 per cent of the company's shares directly, of which Qin held 39.20 per cent; Qin held 1.21 per cent; and Qin held 1.21 per cent.
85% and 15% of the company ' s shares were awarded for the first time, with 74.665 million restricted shares awarded to a total of 5577 incentive recipients by senior directors and core managers, technology and operators who met the conditions for award.
In October of this year, a bulletin was issued on the renewal of the second employee holding plan, extending the second staff holding plan again until April 23, 2024: the proposed company shares were issued on December 12, in support of the company ' s employee holding plan or equity incentive scheme, and the equity incentive work continued.
Promotion. This year ' s equity incentive scheme was further expanded in comparison with the 2019 equity incentive, and the extension of the incentive scheme and the repurchase of the shares demonstrate firm ' s confidence in the future, while helping to build a core cadre of the company ' s staff to be motivated to work and help it to do so.
The company’s pig-breeding business is growing rapidly, and many rounds of refinancing have been issued since the market to expand production capacity, and land resources are abundant and add to its uniqueness.
In 2013-2021, the number of pigs produced by companies expanded from 130,68 million to 40,263,300, nearly 31 times. In 2021, companies expanded their production capacity in tandem with a significant expansion of their production capacity, with a volatile growth in their profitability as a result of the pig cycle.
And 74.43%, the bottom companies of the 2014 and 2018 cycles remained profitable, with the prices of pigs returning well and the three-quarters swing running. The prices of pigs were running low in the first half of 2022, the prices of pigs have been rising since April, and the company ' s performance has continued to recover.
The net profit is 3,016 million yuan, and the quarterly round is lost. In 2022, there was a year-on-year plan to raise pigs.
Figure 8. Corporate Roe as a whole remains high (%)
The market of 2 trillion live pigs, the price of which continues to rise at a rate of 2.1 per cent, the space for growth is wide and the country has long been dominated by meat consumption, with a production of 52.96 million tons of pork in 2021.
The same-year increase of 28.76 per cent, or 59.59 per cent of the main animal meat production. In 2021, the annual number of pig productions in the country was 67.12 million, an increase of 27.37 per cent. The average price of pig birth in 2021 was $20.28 per kilogram, with 125 kg/head, and the national annual figure of 67.12 million.
Market concentration has accelerated, leading companies have grown in a wide range of areas. The country’s pig-breeding industry is dominated by scattered households and is still at a low level of concentration. In recent years, thanks to environmental policies, land, capital, etc.
In 2021, the pig-breeding industry grew by 14.07%, an increase of 3.64 ptt. In 2021, the top ten pigs market in the United States was 45.17%, and the American pig-breeding dragon leader smithfieldfoods had a market rate.
15.05%. There is still much room for growth in the concentration of pig farming in comparison with developed countries. Figure 15.2021: Top ten pigs in the United States. Figure 14.2021: Top ten pigs in China.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
The supply of raw pigs lags behind price changes, and the demand-supply mismatch is the root cause of the pig cycle.
There is a high degree of consistency in farm practices in the farm sector, which is dominated by small-scale and small-scale farmers. The price rises, and high-profit farmers are active in increasing the number of hog supplementation, with the number of piglets and pig-breeding increasing after 4 and 10 months.
The decline in profits and the impact of this on farm households have reduced the number of farm animals, and the drop in the supply of pigs after 10 months, which is smaller than the demand, has led to a recovery in prices. The cycle of this relationship has led to constant cyclical fluctuations in pig prices.
The first cycle of the pig cycle, from July 2006 to April 2010. This cycle was driven by the 2006 outbreak of blue ear disease, which caused a significant decline in the supply of raw pigs throughout the country, a rapid increase in the price of pigs and a 20-month period in the previous cycle, followed by a rapid increase in production capacity.
The supply of raw pigs has been restored, with a combination of financial crises, swine flu and thin meat events to a certain extent weakening the demand for pork consumption and accelerating pig prices into the lower cycle. May 2010 to April 2014 is the second cycle of the pig cycle.
In the second cycle, however, the pig cycle is relatively classic and is dominated by in-house supply and demand.
The 2014 Regulation on the Prevention and Control of Pollution from Livestock Scales requires that the criteria for the classification of protected areas be clearly defined, followed by environmental policies requiring the closure or relocation by law of livestock farms and farms in restricted areas.
In a larger context, a large number of sub-standard small and medium-sized households are out of the market, and market concentration continues to be raised, driving pig prices into the upper-roads. The increase in the productivity of pigs due to the pre-opposition of inefficient piglets has led to an increase in the supply of pork, which is driven by the continued clean-up of production under environmental policies.
Pig prices have been down since May 2016. April 2018 to March 2022, the fourth cycle of the hog cycle. In 2018, the outbreak of swine fever in Africa led to a sharp decline in industrial capacity, which accelerated the construction of the previous cycle and was driven by a huge gap in capacity.
The prices of pigs have risen rapidly, and the prices of pigs have continued to rise to historic highs, rising to $40.98 per kilogram on 1 November 2019, earning $3079.73 per head to feed themselves and $278.06 per head to farm pigs.
As a result of the ban, the consumption of pork is affected to a certain extent by the reduction in the number of meals and by the fact that strict inter-regional controls also affect the movement of raw pigs, thereby affecting the supply of local pigs. As a result of repeated epidemics, the price of pigs increased in 2020.
Since spring 2021, the supply of pig-borns has increased significantly, with oversupply and far lower prices.
The incidence of animal disease has forced the farming industry to raise the level of disease prevention and control, and the emergence of small and medium-sized scattered households has accelerated their withdrawal from the city. Animal disease has placed large scale and small and medium-sized dispersed households under enormous biosafety and disease control stress, forcing farms to raise the level of disease prevention and control.
Gold, technology, talent, management are at a disadvantage, and biosafety prevention and control measures are poor, leading to a greater impact on small and medium-sized dispersed households at the time of the disease. However, the high risk of animal disease due to the combination of biosafety and disease control in the scale field, and the high risk of animal disease, is a necessary trend for the future development of farming.
Since 2014, environmental policies have been in place to promote the development of large-scale farming in order to reduce the environment.
Pressure to promote the green development of livestock farming. Since 2014, environmental policies related to the production of pigland have been frequently introduced, including the Regulation on Prevention and Control of Pollution from Livestock-Sized Farming, the Environmental Protection Act, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Programme, and the Guidelines on the Determination of Prescription Zones for Livestock-Based Farming, which require the protection of drinking water sources.
The construction of farms is prohibited in regions, core areas and buffer zones of nature reserves, attractions, urban neighbourhoods and cultural education, as well as in other areas regulated by law and regulations: in secondary protected areas for drinking water sources, non-core sites for landscape sites, and in farms with pollutant emissions.
In the context of such a policy, farmers in restricted areas face relocation problems, resulting in greater economic losses, while the increased environmental protection requirements urge farmers to increase their environmental equipment, upgrade the disposal and resource use of waste farming, raise the cost of farm farming and pressurize the cash flow of farms.
As a result of multiple factors, some small and medium-sized households are gradually leaving the market and increasing industrial concentration. In addition, the increased cost of environmental protection for small and medium-sized households has driven them to scale up their farming to reduce unit production costs and to promote the growing scale of the sector.
In recent years, the involvement of capital and the inflow of talent have increased competition in the industry, leading to the shuffling and transformation of farming. However, during periods of high volatility in pig prices, large-scale farms are more risk-resistant, supported by capital, technology, talent, etc.
The advantages of disease prevention and control are the ability to pass through the cycle and gain a higher share of the market. 1) The cost of scale field control is strong: large-scale enterprises can keep their costs at a lower level because of their extensive management experience, advanced equipment and scientific and technological research and development.
Greater power, such as the ability to use its own procurement and channels to obtain lower-priced raw materials in a situation where the cost of raw materials for feed has increased significantly: at the same time, trends in the whole chain of aquaculture have led to the scale of firms internalizing their research and development for fodder, and the feed sector has been able to provide the most value-added value for farming operations.
In addition, large-scale enterprises are more efficient in raising pigs, which can reduce mortality, increase survival rates and reduce unit costs. 2) Access to scarce sources, such as land, is strong: large-scale enterprises are environmentally compliant, and by virtue of their market influence and industry position.
Good political relations and easier access to scarce resources such as land for scale expansion
Reverse expansion provides a guarantee of stability. 4) Under the natural law of “the natural choice of goods, the survival of the fittest,” the scattered households are being phased out because of their weak combined strength. It can be seen that large-scale pig farming is generally more profitable than breeding pigs, and even when it is lost.
And because of the rigidity of demand for pork consumption in our country, small and medium-sized smallholders, when they leave the market, have created greater market space for large-scale farming enterprises, which, through multi-channel financing, guarantee a strong cash flow base. Reverse expansion can lead to a significant increase in profits during the up-cycle phase.
Assets are growing, with a general acceleration of expansion in 2020; in 2021, even with the down-week period for pig prices, the reverse expansion of large-scale farming groups has not stopped. Figure 22.
Figure 23. Growth in the fixed assets of the size group  net profit from the spread of pig production (mega/head)  net profit from the size of pig production (mega/head)  2.4. A new cycle of pigs has begun and the prices of pigs are expected to continue in 2023
As of April 2022, we were able to increase the stock of pigs by a cumulative increase of 8.47% over the June 2021 figure of 456.4 million.
And in April of this year, the industry’s optimism was driven by a strong sales interest in the farm-breeding fence, an incentive for pig prices to rebound and the industry’s turning point to arrive early. The prices of pigs have continued to rise since then, reaching a maximum of $28/kg in October.
The price of pigs has fallen in November-December, and the demand for them has increased or the price of pigs has risen. The price of pigs has increased in September-October, with the effects of rising prices. Since November, the previous period has seen the second fertility increase, but the epidemic has led to weak demand, oversupply in the market, and a rapid drop in the price of pigs.
The liberalization of control policies has led to positive consumption expectations, short-term mindsets that support the increase in pig prices, but actual consumption has been limited and prices continue to fall. The current southern pickle peaks have continued until winter, and the north has yet to enter spring seasons.
Recovering, there will be a general pre-spring run-off of pre-spring prices across the country, while continuing to explore the extent to which the price of pigs can stimulate consumption, and with the gradual release of accumulated supply pressures in the pre-spring period, we expect that there will be limited space for the downside of pre-spring prices and a substantial rebound after the price collapse.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, by October 2022, the country had 4,37.9 million hogs, up from a cumulative 4.84% in April.
With the expected pessimistic price of pigs in 2023, and the impact of the previous long-term deficit, the stock market is still tight overall. With the current slow growth of pig feeders corresponding to 2023, demand is expected to recover gradually, and the price of pigs is expected to continue in 2023.
Figure 24. Country-wide stock of hogs. Figure 25. Country-wide stock of hogs. 3. Industrial chain layout, with synergies leading to cost
An integrated farming model offers low-cost advantages. Companies adopt an integrated farming model of “self-supporting” production, with an industry-wide chain that reduces the transaction costs of intermediate links and effectively avoids the effects of uneven supply and demand upstream and downstream on firms' production, and combines the links in order to obtain low-cost advantages.
This is reflected in cost control at the upstream feed chain, efficiency enhancement at the mechanized farm chain, and business expansion at the downstream market link. Ultimately, by working with the whole industry chain to deepen farming, a cost-conservatorship city is built, affected by the rise in raw materials, with company feed costs rising in 2021.
The main component of the company ' s operating costs. The company ' s feed cost in 2021 amounted to $3.60.007 billion, or 58.12 per cent, an increase of 211.80 per cent in the same year; workers ' salaries, depreciation, medicines and vaccines accounted for the price of sale, and the number of entries to calculate the company ' s annual mark-up, thereby calculating the company ' s specific cost of farming.
In 2021, the company ' s feed cost was $8.11 per kilogram, an increase of $1.70 per kilogram from the previous year, mainly due to continued high commodity prices for the main raw material for feed in 2021, such as maize and beans. In 2021, the company ' s payroll cost was 2.02 yuan per kilogram, an increase from the previous year.
In terms of human costs, the company focused on optimizing its human resource stock structure in 2022, increasing its investment in addition to its elite and mature talent.
In terms of the cost of medicines and vaccines, the cost of medicines and vaccines fell to $1.03 per kilogram in 2018, the cost of medicines and vaccines for companies was 1.03 yuan per kilogram, and the cost of vaccines for pharmaceutical products fell to 0.7 yuan per kilogram in depreciation after the non-pest disease was brought into normal control in 2019-2021.
The company’s total cost of pig production is lower than that of its peers, and the core is more competitive. According to the calculations, the cost per unit of pig production in 2016-2021 was less than the average cost of large-scale farm pig production, much less than the average cost of seeding pigs and rising costs of feed all the way to a non-pest outbreak.
According to the latest data on the full cost of pig farming published by the respective listed pigs, the total cost of farming is now around $15.5 per kilogram, and most of the costs of other companies in the same industry are around $16-17 per kilogram.
The company still has a comparative advantage over the industry. At the same time, the company has set a cost target of $14.5/kg-15/kg for 2022, which is to be achieved on a phased basis. To achieve this goal, the company will continue to promote managerial excellence and self-examination of management issues.
At the same time, the implementation and implementation of the first-line production technical standards are being strengthened, and the ability of personnel to match is expected to be enhanced by upgrading the management test. Because of the homogenous nature of the pig, farming, the firm’s core competitiveness is reflected in the cost side, where the cost advantage is to enable the company to do its job when the pig costs are high.
Figure 28. Perceptible unit cost advantage ($/kg)
3.1. Forage technology industry leads with significant cost-control advantages 3.1.1. Rational distribution can reduce the cost of raw materials procurement
The distribution of productive capacity of companies is concentrated mainly in the provinces of agriculture. The advantages of raw materials procurement, transportation, etc. According to company disclosure (November 2021), the distribution of farm capacity of companies is concentrated mainly north of the Yangtze River, with Henan Province contributing more than 30% of the production capacity, and northern regions such as Hekgi Liaomong.
Forage raw materials, mainly wheat, maize, soybeans, and sub-powder, will account for nearly 60% of the operating costs, mainly from North-East and South-East, where food production is high.
In terms of layout, the main province of Farain Farming is Henan, which is gradually spreading out into the provinces, and the supply chain is structured around food-producing areas. The company’s reasonable production potential controls both the purchase of raw materials, transport costs, and the supply of feed raw materials.
Companies expand their food sources through multiple channels to achieve low-cost procurement objectives. First, companies are actively optimizing supply-side structures and forging strategic cooperation with large domestic food firms. At the same time, they have set up an international trade team to actively explore new global procurement channels and import substitution in due course.
Finally, the company focuses its supply chain around the food-producing areas and actively explores innovative agricultural production models and order farming to improve its capacity to control the quality of the source of food in the production areas.
Builds corporate purchasing ecology. Strategic procurement through procurement channels optimizes and develops incentives to achieve 3.1.2. Feeding soybean reduction is ahead of the industry. The company uses low-protein daily food formula to replace the soybean reduction.
Rice and wheat are mainly used to meet the energy needs of pig growth, and soybeans are the main source of protein intake, which is relatively high prices, although lower than maize and wheat. To reduce traditional feed dependence on corn and soybeans, companies are in the old “corn + beans” and “wheat + beans”
On 24 November 2022, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a sample of eight companies whose average consumption of soybeans was ahead of that of their counterparts in 2021.
Corporate pig farming uses 15.8 million tons of complementary feed, with soybeans accounting for about 6.9% of the total, and the reduced replacement effect is expected to expand continuously, with the company leading the cost. The company hopes to continue to reduce the demand for soybean by increasing the use of various amino acid types in the future, December 13, 2022.
Establishment of a subsidiary, Henan Pastoral Synthetic Biotechnology Co. Ltd., which aims to explore synthetic production of amino acid, partly self-sufficient, in order to reduce its own production costs and strengthen the supply chain.
The company adjusts feed formulations to market dynamics to minimize costs and increase the rate of remuneration for the grains. The price of maize rose rapidly in 2020, and the company, taking advantage of its feed formula advantage, promoted the replacement of maize with raw grains such as wheat and rice throughout the country.
67.06 per cent, a decline of 20.49 pct over the same period; wheat purchases accounted for 22.23 per cent, an increase in the price of raw materials for feed, resulting in companies adjusting feed formulations in a timely manner based on the value of raw materials, increasing the procurement of wheat and rice blends at relatively low prices and effectively reducing feed costs;
This represents an increase of 29.54 ptt and 36 per cent in maize prices in 2020 by the same year as the volume of wheat and rice blends in 2021.
The Department currently has over 10 million tons of feed processing capacity, and self-production reduces transaction costs. The company ' s feed is largely used for in-house farming, automating production in feed processing, not just for feed.
Precision, while ensuring safe feed production, ensures that pigs ' health and the safe source of pork food are safe, while at the same time, the company has achieved a full-process intelligent production during feed processing, developing and applying 85°C, 8-minute high-temperature-delayed sterilisation processes, with the high-temperature feed from post-sterilization cooling to delivery.
Feeding units, which are completely untied, can ensure the safety of feed. The company has set up feeding and information systems that allow monitoring, analysis, feedback, quality of feed, precision of nutrition, and healthy growth of pigs with feed plants.
Releases of new production capacity and increasing size of pig-bearing columns, and high yield and capacity utilization of feed
Growing pigs is self-sufficient, home-grown, home-grown, home-grown, and home-grown. In 2018, the outbreak of the African pigpest caused severe damage to domestic pig production, and in 2020, China imported pigs to create a new high in history and solve the problem.
On 21 February 2021, a central document was issued, explicitly proposing to fight for good breeding practices and to carry out a joint attack on good crops and animals. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Don Xiang Jian, expressed the need to speed up the implementation of the “strangular” technologies, and to reduce the number and variety of pig-bearing species.
Internationally advanced differences ensure that important agricultural varieties are controlled. Through science-based breeding techniques, companies continuously improve the genetic performance of pig growing, improve the quality and taste of pork, reduce the cost of breeding, improve the efficiency of farming, and create a stable, consistent, adaptable and integrated genetic performance.
A well-serving cluster of pigs has now moved away from dependence on imported pigs. At the same time, the binary breeding system provides strong support for the supply of pigs by virtue of its advantages.
Growth, influenced by the high prices of pigs in 2020, has increased rapidly to 11 pig-planting and marketing companies in 2020; according to company disclosure in July 2022, the number of core pig-plants in the company is now around 100,000, and future pig-plant sales are expected to increase.
3.2.2. Smart chemical pig farming, efficiency gains for support companies Research and development to drive the intellectualization of pig farming and promote the deep integration of the Internet and livestock farming. Since 2017, companies have increased their investment in technology such as material networking, big data, and the introduction of smart farm management
In addition, the company is actively investing in the development of smart farming equipment and technology, targeting pighouses, auto-detection alerts for environmental unintelligent control, health recognition of piglets, equipment for welfare farming facilities and pig farmers.
Critical technologies, such as physical safety and engineering vaccinations, have been closed and key smart technologies, such as smart loop control, precision feeding, smart inspection, automatic cleaning, automated performance measurement, and accompanying smart equipment have been developed to achieve the intellectual application of the whole process of pig farming.
Days, the company has a number of intelligent projects that are expected to contribute to further efficiency gains when it lands. Figure 45. The company smart feeding system displays Figure 44. The company intelligent pig-breeding system
Figure 46. Growing numbers of R & D staff in the company
Intelligent equipment covered several business plates, including pig farming, slaughtering, and food, with a total of over 40 items, of which more than 10 had entered the extension phase and some of the equipment had reached the scale application standard. As of November 2021, the company had exported, including patrol robotics, scavenging under the plate.
There are more than half a million products, such as robotics, tempting boars, automatic coil-washing machines, with a total output of about $380 million and a service pig size of over 40 million.
Figure 48. Size of some company smart equipment services, Figure 49. Number of products exported from some company smart equipment, Figure 50. Experience with corporate intelligence
Intelligent experience. Commodity pigs have gone up from 85% to 90%. 100,000 full-line plants can be reduced by about 40 people.
35% increase in efficiency, one breeder raises 10,000 pigs a year, twice the average in the industry, 115kg day age at 160d
In 2018, after the outbreak of the African swine plague, the company continued to invest in research and development and built a new smart pighouse, which was shut down from the pipe chain.
Delivery, water disinfection, efficient filtration of the new wind, precision ventilation, odour removal from the wind to the use of smart equipment can provide effective control of African pigpest.
At the beginning of 2022, the company promoted buildings in 10 provinces, including Beijing, Jiangsu, Guangdong, 24 districts/districts, and built a total of 69 buildings with a total of 6.35 million pighouses in the year after construction.
A unique unheated pighouse can achieve the extreme environment of 39.3°C below zero, with no external heating and a temperature of 22-25°c in the pighouse, saving energy consumption and reducing the cost of raising pigs.
3.3. Active downstream slaughtering, and continuous industrial chain integration. Gradually matching the slaughtering capacity with the farming layout will help to reduce transport costs.
In 2021, a shift was introduced on several occasions to the pig industry to “meat” to encourage the local slaughter of pigs and to match the breeding and slaughtering of animals. The company responded positively to the national policy of building large-scale slaughterhouses in areas with intensive farm capacity, and the company slaughterhouses purchased commodities from nearby farmed subsidiaries.
The matching of slaughter capacity and farm layout helps to reduce transportation costs. As of 29 November 2022, the company had put 10 slaughterhouses into production, with total capacity to produce them.
Twenty-nine million head/year, according to the current plan, it is expected that in 2022, more than 30 million of the total slaughter capacity will work in synergy with the livestock industry, which will help to increase the value added of the product.
Increasing the value added of products while opening up the end market to increase market share; it can also stomp on the price volatility of farmed pigs during the lower prices and mitigate the impact of falling prices on companies. 3515 million pigs were slaughtered in the first half of 2022, selling fresh, frozen pork, and 3368 million tons were sold.
The meat business received $5,075 million, an increase of 121.22 per cent, and the Māori rate -1.89 per cent, due to non-realization of profits. Next, the company will work to improve its internal operating capacity and product quality, and will continue to expand its client base and marketing channels, improve its capacity utilization and eventually improve the operation of slaughter plates.
Figure 54. The company slaughter business collection and the Maori rate Chart 55. The company slaughter can be at the forefront of the industry.
More than 200 sales cover 77 cities in the country’s 22 provinces (districts).
There are more than 5,000 customers in supermarkets, chain restaurants, food processing businesses, and new retail businesses. The company now accounts for 70% of its agricultural customers, 15% of its commercial over-clients, and 15% of its large customers, such as catering and food processing businesses.
• Increasing marketing capacity, operating capacity and continuously improving business performance.
The company has developed a mature “self-sustaining” model, each of which is a breeding unit with a resource-intensive plant.
Chemical patterns are growing steadily, and production can grow in snowball styles, allowing rapid expansion without being constrained by the quantity and quality of farmers during pig prices. With the effects of environmental protection, restrictive nutrition policies, and animal diseases such as the African pigpest, the industry has achieved a significant clean-up of poor quality production, scalding, concentration, etc.
High heights provide greater opportunities and scope for head companies to expand their share of the market. Prior to the current cycle, Wen-chung produced pigs to lead the herds, and after experiencing African pigpest, the number of herds dropped significantly in 2019 and 2020, by 16.95% and 28.62% respectively.
A small decline (6.88 per cent less than in the same year), followed by the expansion of production through self-sufficiency, the rapid recovery of productive biological assets (with a faster recovery than at the W.W.) and the expansion of strategic partnerships through the introduction of the H.E.K.T. Ltd., the Central Enterprise Investment Fund for Industry in Poor Areas, etc.
Financial support for rapid development, with growth in the past quarter from 2020 to 2020 and far ahead of the Winch, successful in raising pigs first. Corporate capacity has continued to expand since 2015 and corporate fixed assets have slowed down in the first half of 2022; construction is moving faster than the previous year, mainly in the same sectors.
By the end of the year, the company could produce about 75 million pigs. Figure 58. The company’s fixed assets continue to grow.
The role is shaped by the rapid expansion of the company’s productive capacity to protect the river. The company’s 30 years of development have been exploring new ones, offering to replace Dolock with a white pig (big white or white white) as the end parent, and creating a unique binary breeding system.
Speed, thin meat rates, and body quality meet both the demand for seeding and for commodities. When the speed of expansion increases, or when output is significantly de-engineered as a result of external shocks, a binary pig can grow, turn into a capable pig, shorten the time it takes to supplement it, and provide a powerful space to seize the market.
By the end of 2021, the company will have a stock of 2.83 million pigs, and by the end of 2019-2021, it will have an optimal number of pigs. With the previous recovery, the number of pigs will be expected by the end of the year.
4.2. Land and finance are strong enough to lay the foundation for productive expansion. Company land reserves are sufficient and future development is not constrained by land constraints.
The Act, the Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution of 2015, the Circular of the “13th Five” Plan for the Protection of the Environment of 2016, the Environmental Protection Tax Act of 2018, the State has promoted livestock farming, pollution control and the designation of restricted and restricted areas in various localities.
Looking for the land resources available for pig farming is very strained, thus constraining the expansion of chemically and biologically grown pigs. According to corporate disclosure in January 2022, the company has more than 100 million land reserves (including the completed production component) to avoid limited land resources to the greatest extent possible.
The combination of finance capabilities provides stable support for the expansion of production capacity. Since the company’s listing, it has issued stocks, medium-term bills, super-short-term finance vouchers, convertable corporate bonds, etc.
The total amount of funds that the company intends to raise in public is not less than $5 billion, while at the same time raising the loan to the controlling shareholder group, the original business group, amounts to $10 billion. In addition, according to the investor relationship log, disclosed by the company in December 2021, the total amount of bank letters issued by the company in 2021 was $65 billion.
Greater combined financial capacity guarantees the solvency and normal functioning of the company. The 2022 q3 currency fund amounts to $1,5106 million, and cash flows are relatively strong and industry-led. gdr is being released, broadening access to finance to underpin internationalized development strategies.
On 13th, the company issued a public announcement that it would issue global deposits of up to 250 million shares to qualified international investors and would be listed on the Swiss stock exchange and account for no more than 4.37% of the total ordinary stock stock after the company’s issuance, further widening its access to corporate finance.
Further structural optimization to implement a more robust fiscal policy to meet the long-term financial needs of companies. Meanwhile, in the context of the long-term volatility of the domestic pig cycle, gdr’s distribution could further expand the access to corporate finance to deal with fluctuations in future industries.
The release costs are intended to be used to expand the global supply chain network to reduce international procurement costs, safeguard company supply chain security and implement corporate development strategies, while also providing strong support for corporate R & D inputs and technological innovation and upgrading the level of corporate precision management.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (2) slaughtering, meat-eating operations: moving to production with the company ' s slaughtering capacity, the company ' s slaughtering operations are expected to grow in productivity, adding to the gradual liberalization of disease prevention and control policies, and the progressive realization of consumption benefits and slaughter.
Animal diseases such as the African pigpest: The diseases that occur during pig farming are mainly African pigpest, blue ear disease, pigpest disease, pig respiratory disease, pig diarrhea, pig rim virus, etc. If control is not effective, animal diseases such as non-pest disease are re-emerged, leading to a direct decline in pig production, which leads to pig production.
There is a risk that farm companies will lose or lose their profits. The price of pigs will not rebound as expected: the price of pigs will have more impact, and the ability to farm pigs will be limited if the price of pigs does not rebound as expected.
The price of raw materials fluctuates due to extreme weather events: farm feed costs vary with the price of agricultural produce, and increases in food prices, such as maize and soybeans, lead to increases in farm feed costs.