The fall in the price of electricity affected performance by accelerating the construction of large bases and offshore wind and wind projects. Business income and net profit on return fell on the same basis. In the first half of 2025, companies realized business income on the basis of a net profit on the basis of a profit on the basis of a return of 1,426 million yuan (+5.64 per cent). Corporate business income and net profit on the basis of a return on the basis of a profit on the same basis.
Reasons for this decrease: firstly, the higher volume of revenue and the $642 million increase in revenues from photovoltaic sales due to the second half of 2024, and thirdly, the increase in the number of flat-priced wind projects and the scale of participation in market-based transactions, which resulted in a 3.76 per cent decrease in average electricity prices for the wind power division, while the wind
The decline in the average number of hours used by electricity has led to a similar decline of $239 million in revenue from sales to the wind power subsectors. New energy projects have developed in an orderly manner and installed capacity has continued to grow.
Large base projects, enhanced offshore wind and power expansion, giving priority to competing targets for safer and more competitive regions in the south-central part of the country, while steadily moving forward with the “Small Generations” project, with continued growth in new energy project capacity and reserve project resources. In the first half of 2025, companies added new sources of energy.
Thousands of kilowatts to reduce the capacity of biomass generation control units at 30,000 kilowatts; as of June 2025, excellent development, capturing of high-quality resources, steady promotion of wind-scale mergers and acquisitions, active and secure development of the offshore wind-power market, and intensive promotion of large bases and offshore wind-power projects.
Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - the continued growth of new energy sources, with a further red ratio
The company achieved business income of $15,657 million in the first half of 2025.
Corporate impact, with revenues reduced by $4.05 billion compared to the same period in the previous year; second, wind power division averaged 3.76 per cent as a result of the increase in the same capacity of the photovoltaic project in the first half of the year, which increased by $642 million in revenues from the sale of electricity; and third, the increase in the price of the flat wind project and the scale of participation in marketized transactions, among other things, which resulted in a decline of 3.76 per cent in the average electricity price of the wind power division and an average gain in wind power.
The decline in the number of hours resulted in a similar decline of $239 million in revenue from electricity sales in the wind power sector. Figure 2: one-season revenue (in billions of yuan) from power generation in dragons, a slight increase in the volume of wind power and a larger increase in the volume of photovoltaic power generation in the same year.
In the first half of 2025, the company generated electricity at an average cost of 399 kWh/mw (excluding VAT), compared to an average cost of 422 kW/mw in the same period in 2024.
A 23-megawatt hour reduction. The average feed-in price for wind power is 422-megawatt hours, compared to 438-megawatt hours in the same period in 2024, while the average feed-in price for electricity is 16 yuan-megawatt hours, mainly due to the increased ease of exchange in the wind market, the increase in parity projects and structural factors. The average light-voltage feed-in price is 273m-megawatts-megawatt hours.
At that time, the price of light-voltage Internet access fell by $5.00/mw hours over the same period in 2024. Māori rates increased, costs increased and net interest rates increased. In the first half of 2025, the company Māori rate was 40.87 per cent, an increase of 4.67 pt compared to the second half of 2024.
In the same period, affected by the increase in the Māori rate, public figure 6: The three rates of cost change for power sources down by roe, with a drop in the net operating cash flow by the same time.
Due to the impact of Fire Electronics, the net inflow of cash from the operation of the Fire and Power Division in the current period and the reduction in the return of renewable electricity in the current period; net investment cash outflows of $12.1220 billion, a decrease in the same year, mainly due to lower current investment in wind and photovoltaic projects compared to the same period in the previous year, as well as the non-same events that occurred during the same period in the previous year
The controlled enterprises ' combined payments of large equity acquisitions did not have any co-effects of this type in the current period; the financing net cash flow of $4.328 billion, a decrease of 11.71 per cent over the same period, was mainly the result of an increase in the net outflow of borrowings owing to a decrease in cash received during the period, which was greater than the reduction in cash paid for current obligations.
New energy projects have been developed in an orderly manner and the installed capacity has continued to grow. The company is fully engaged in promoting the Shago Desert windbase project, enhancing the expansion of the wind and wind at sea, giving priority to competing targets for secure and better-priced areas in the south-east and central, while perfecting the scientific soundness of the project “Small Generations” for project continuum development and new talent.
In the first half of 2025, the company added a new energy holding capacity of 205.35 million kilowatts, of which wind power, photovoltage, 98.70 kilowatts, and 109.66 million kilowatts, respectively, were reduced, resulting in a new development agreement of 1.24gw, of which wind power of 1.04gw, storage capacity of 0.2gw, were located in areas with better resources.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions, and that the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis of the information provided by the authors.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author