In the semi-annual evaluation of the power supply of Dragon Source in 2025, the net return to the mother was 3,375 million yuan (3,287 million demerits), equal to -13.79 per cent.
Wind resources have improved over 25q1 and the downward pressure on photovoltaic power has decreased. 25h1, the company achieved 39,652 million kwh, corresponding to 1.07 per cent, and +12.73 per cent after removing the effect of the fire display. Of these, wind generated 15,727 million kwh, corresponding to 8.06 per cent, and photovoltaic generated 3,638 million kwh.
Liang Yunan 42%. 25q2, the company ' s wind power generation capacity is still held up by weak wind resources, but its negative effects are reduced by 25q1. 25h1, the average number of hours used by the company ' s wind power is 1102h, compared to 68h or--
$M/mwh (excluding taxes), corresponding to $16/mwh or -3.7 per cent, mainly from wind market transactions Increase in size, increase in price parity items and structural factors; average photovoltaic Internet access cost of $273/mwh (excluding taxes) equal to $M-5/mwh or -1.8 per cent (vs.24h1 new loader 1.69gw, electricity price)
With wind resources, electricity prices, and depreciation amortization, the wind division’s performance is under pressure. The company’s 25h1 operating income is significantly lower by the same year, mainly due to the burning of electricity assets, and we add to the revenue of the non-fire division.
25h1 year-on-year +3.09 to 16.04 billion yuan. Specifically, the wind power division achieved revenues of 13,826 billion yuan, compared to 65.63 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in electricity generated by the build-up of the installed power. Since the power-saving power of the power-fired business is significantly weaker than the new energy sources, we have less impact on the company ' s profits.
The profits from the operation of the non-fired branch, 25h1 year-on-year, 6.81 per cent to 6,905 million yuan, of which the wind power division achieved operating profits of $6,213 million, or -10.54 per cent, were more rigid in the depreciation amortization, mainly due to the decline in income but the addition of new installed machines; and the photovoltaic branch achieved operating profits of $550 million, or +51.19 per cent.
"Galactic Environment for Public Use" company reviews: wind for good, 25-27 years for good, and "Galactic for Public Use" company reviews, "Long for Power" and "Clusters for good."
Distinguishing: Wind voltage, light voltage, I undertake to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.