The Topper Group, today's long line of soundproofing, and tomorrow's star being lightly quantified on the chassis, is a leading company in the country for rubber decomposition and soundproofing products, the main products of which are seismometers and interiors.
Capables, smart brake systems, aluminum exercise, etc., the client base covers the global mainstream, including BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Porsche, Popular, Chrysler, General, Ford, Gilly, etc.
Light quantification is essential, and aluminium is the best lightly quantified vehicle material that is expected to explode. Companies are expected to benefit significantly from a strong effort to develop alumina-control arm. Companies are the domestic champions of seismic and soundproofing products, and the rise of autonomous cars is expected to lead to a rapid growth of company-related business.
For the first time, a light-quantified engine for a car with aluminium bursting and aluminium-building control arm is expected to develop rapidly.
With the strong impetus of such factors as the reduction of emissions and the increase in the number of electric vehicles, the light quantification of cars is imperative, and so far, months and months, and aluminium is the best lightly quantified material for cars, with the prospect of an explosion.
Smart brakes are leading the country, and there are good prospects for the development of chassis components. Companies such as vp, ibs, and others are leading the country in the production of smart brake systems, and with the rapid growth of new energy cars, the business is likely to explode.
Companies are home-grown leaders in earthquake mitigation and soundproofing products, and in recent years have been growing rapidly with the emergence of autonomous car companies led by guilds. Revenue from the 17h1 anchovies has increased at a rate of nearly 70 per cent, which is expected to boost the company’s performance.
1) Domestic aluminium alloys are less quantifiable than expected; 2) new business such as chassis is less than anticipated.
Topper Group