The Lithium industry (002460), with a semi-annual financial appraisal of 37.82 per cent; net profit of $693 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, increased by 69.52 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The firm’s performance is boosted by the high demand downstream. The company is the world’s largest supplier of lithium \triangleright metal and lithium compounds. Among these, lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide production are ranked fourth and third globally.
In the context of the high growth of new energy vehicles downstream, companies have obtained sufficient and stable lithium raw materials through their participation in the stock-rich and lithium-American industries to achieve an increase of 23.07 per cent and 17.25 per cent, respectively, in the production of lithium metal and deep-processed lithium compounds.The positive layout of lithium hydroxide production is consistent with the trend of three nickels downstream.
The \triangleright high nickel trinity has become the latest trend in power cell development. As the high nickel trinity is prepared at a lower temperature than the traditional low nickel trinity (ncm111, ncm 523 etc.), there are problems with lithium carbonate that cannot be completely decomposed, so the low decomposition temperature of lithium hydroxide is gradually becoming a source of lithium for the trinity material.
In response to this trend, the company expanded its lithium helium oxide capacity ahead of schedule, and the 20,000-ton monohydrium helium oxide project was completed in 2018h. With the release of additional capacity, the company’s profitability will increase further.
In order to improve operating efficiency and profitability, the company has made a positive layout of downstream products. In 2018h, the company collected 235 million yuan in lithium batteries, electric cores and their direct materials, an increase of 34.31%, or 10.08% of the company’s total.
During the construction period, the main projects were: (2) the self-construction of the first generation of experimental production lines for the development of solid lithium batteries, which have been completed by 18.93 per cent and are expected to be completed by the end of 2019; and (3) the self-construction of the recycling of lithium-containing metals.
Once the above projects are completed, there will be further improvements in corporate profitability and competitiveness.
The price of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide fell faster than expected.
Yang Jook, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.