The Lithium industry (002460) reported six months of performance, which is expected to release the lithium salt.
In the first half of the year, there was a steady increase, and the profit loop in the second half of the year is expected to show a strong ability. The complete lithium industry layout helps the company to maintain a high Māori ratio of 43.98 per cent in the first half of the year. The company q2 Māori ratio is 42.26 per cent, an increase of 8.03 pt, a rise of 8.03 pt.
The decrease of 3.82 pct is due mainly to a steady decline in the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate since late March, which by the end of June had fallen by almost $37,000 per tonne, with tax prices already below $100,000 per tonne, and a relatively small decline in the price of lithium hydroxide. Both prices are currently down-roaded, but new energy cars are moving in the second half of the year.
While the growth in performance is expected to result from the gradual entry into the sales season, downstream demand remains secure, and corporate output release and downstream demand is expected to support performance growth, the growth rate is likely to slow, the Māori ratio is slightly reduced, companies expect major business increases and industrial synergies are becoming apparent.
The company’s operations include lithium extraction, lithium compounds and the processing of lithium metal, the production and recycling of lithium batteries as important components of the ecological chain, and there are significant inter-sectional synergies. The company’s main business grew significantly in the first half of the year, with 1,452 million yuan in lithium compounds, an increase of 27.34 per cent in the same year and 62.29 per cent in the same year;
The battery, the core and its direct materials collected 235 million yuan, an increase of 149.21 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the two operations, lithium compounds and metal lithium and lithium salt, respectively, had a Māori ratio of 45.77 per cent and 53.23 per cent, which is reasonable for three cost controls, compared to the previous year ' s increase in R&D savings in the future.
In the first half of the year, the company invested $5.89 million in R & D, representing a significant increase of 48.75 per cent, representing operating income 2.53 per cent, mainly in lithium cell diaphragm guided powders and solid-state lithium batteries, for which the first phase of the performance evaluation has been completed and two inspections conducted.
Only solid cells have energy density of more than 240wh/kg, with discharge capacity holding at more than 90% after 1010 loops. The three-cost change is reasonable, and the increase in management costs is mainly due to additional equity incentives.
The share of high-quality lithium resources, most of which are under long-term procurement agreements, is currently being used for the Australian Mountmarion project, with a present lithium concentrate of 400,000 tonnes/year and will be gradually raised. Lithium compounds and metal lithium production is ranked third and first in the world, with 14 per cent and 14 per cent respectively.
In 47% of cases, the annual production of 20,000 tons of lithium monohydroxide is completed, and 175,000 tons of battery-grade carbonate is expected to be completed in the course of the year, and production capacity is gradually being released. Downstream companies have established long-term strategic relationships with global leading battery suppliers and automobiles, among others, and recently signed with lig chemistry.
A three-year supply contract for the sale of lithium hydroxide products to lg for chemical purposes totalling 47,600 tons. In the future, based on the company's current business, we measure the company's capacity to build and deliver less than expected, and the risks of policy change in the new energy automobile industry; carbon.
Acid lithium prices continue to decrease risk. Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River West Road, Guangzhou City, Guangzhou