The rate of Māori continues to improve, low-pressure industry clients increase, photovoltaic epc orders flourish.
The research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, increased the revenue by 17.6 per cent, the net return to the mother by 2.7 per cent, minus 20.5 per cent net profit gain of 18 years from the sale of power plants. The company published a three-monthly report in 2019, which achieved the camp during the reporting period.
Millions of yuan, or 2.65 per cent of the increase in the same year, corresponds to an eps of $1.33, minus 20.5 per cent net profit increase in 18 years from the sale of power plants. The overall increase in revenue profits is slightly higher than expected.
The continued improvement in the Māori ring ratio is mainly due to improved Māori rates for low-voltage electrical units and the recovery of power station operations, with the concentration of orders from industry large clients in the second half of the year.
It is recognized that, already reflected in the q3 statement, there is still much room for growth for the major customers in the subsequent electricity, communications, real estate and industrial and regulatory sectors; 3) the “global indigenization” strategy is maintained overseas and is expected to fall, product restructuring, automation, etc. throughout the year.
▪ Photovoltaic operating income increased by 14 per cent on the same basis, with large household connections; and pc and overseas operations accumulated large amounts of advance payments and q4 continued to grow at a high rate. 1) Operating end: 3.17gw at the end of q3 equity power station, 1 more than at the beginning of the year.
Household + centralized total electricity revenue of $1.79 billion, year + 14 per cent; 2) pc from balance sheet observations, o3 advance receipts increased significantly from $869 million at the end of o2, to $1,503 million, in part from pc 2, " Jung-tae Electric (601877). "
Project advance receipts, indicating strong hand orders and an increase in stock ring ratios, indicate projects in progress: low pressure robust and improved Māori rates, revenue will be recognized gradually; 3) component end 19h extension of 2gw, expected to be delivered in 4gw over the year
Business participation in large-scale stock-holding schemes resulted in a 20.5% increase in the industry. The company published a three-monthly report in 2019, which generated business income of $22,477 million, an increase of 17.62% over the reporting period; a total profit of $3,447 million, an increase of 5.34% over the same period; and a net profit of 2,864 million belonging to the parent company.
In the third quarter of the year, operating income was $8.05 billion, representing an increase of 11.67 per cent in the same year and a decline of 4.54 per cent in the ring; and a reduction in the share. The rate was 29.41 per cent for 2019q1-3 Māori, a decrease of 0.36 pt and 31.71 per cent for q3 Māri, an increase of 1.40 pt from improvements in the Māori rate of low-pressure electrical blocks and an increase in power station operations. The net interest rate of 2019q1-3 Māori was 12.7 per cent for the same year.
In the second half of the year, the bulk of the industry’s clients’ orders were confirmed. The improvement in the parent company’s growth loop showed a recovery in the distribution market share; in the second half of the year, the concentration of the industry’s customers confirmed and maintained high growth overseas.
The Division has continued to consolidate its advantage, with a flat q3 quarter revenue of 3.54 billion, an improvement over the q1/q2 ratio of -4.5 per cent/-3.3 per cent, a slowdown in industry this year, the capture of market shares by some of the overseas low-pressure electrical taps through low-price strategies, a easing of the q3 competition from the parent company's pick-up rate, and a recovery of growth.
Low-pressure appliances are also expected to improve slightly: 2) Industry clients and large end customers are the focus of corporate development, with the same 170 per cent increase in strategic major customers ' orders in the first half of the year, some of which are confirmed in the second half of the year, and are now expected to increase significantly throughout the year in the q3 statement, with future electricity, communications, real estate and industrial control sectors expected to grow.
Large clients still have much room for growth; 3) Overseas adherence to the “global localization” strategy is expected to improve the Māori rate for copper prices, product restructuring, and efficiency gains for automation in the medium to long term. 19q3 has an overall Māori ratio of 31.7%, compared to 1.4pt, ring ratio + 2.7pt, partly from low-pressure appliances.
The overall Māori rate has improved as a result of three factors: 1) ratio of raw materials such as copper, silver and plastic in low-pressure battery products to more than 40%, q3 continued to fall, lme copper price dropped to under $6,000/t, and 19q3lme copper averaged $5829/t, corresponding/ring ratio to 4.9%/-4.9% respectively, and the decline in prices of raw materials to drive the Māori rate in the current period
Upwards; 2) The product structure continues to be optimized by the rapid increase in the share of new products in the higher value added series, the Kunlón series, and by the higher share of sales by industry and large end clients, with some impact on the Māori ratio: 3) Automated mitigation efficiency is continuously being promoted, with higher levels of automation and productivity.
3.17gw, an increase of almost 960mw at the beginning of the year, mainly from household use. The annual household installation (sale + operation) is expected to be above 1gw. Total operating electricity revenue is $1.79 billion (central + distribution), compared to +14 per cent, with an average Internet access cost of 0.73 yuan/degree. Household use remains the largest and stable company photovoltage block.
At the end of the balance sheet, the growth of the pc is high, with the first half of the year under the pc project being centralized. In the middle, the component end focuses on overseas, building a first-tier supplier of high-efficiency components: manufacturing end components with an extension of 19h above 2gw, currently having batteries and components above 2gw and 4gw, respectively.
The year-round output of components is around 4gw, the technology target has reached industry leadership and is expected to maintain an epc return to improve cash flow, and the large increase in pre-receivables indicates a strong epc order. The net cash flow inflows from operating activities 2019q1-3 amount to $2,955 million, an increase of 99.05 per cent, on the one hand, an epc return and, on the other hand, an epc return.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board