Resource and Environmental Research Center Low Voltage Camp Rings are clearly faster, and photovoltaic performance remains strong at 7.21%. The company sold power plants to Zhejiang Hydropower Investment Group in the third quarter of 2018 to confirm investment receipts.
31.7% ring-up by 2.7 pct, with lower voltage appliance up by about 1 pcc, which is related to the gradual decline in the price of bulk materials, while the increase in the efficiency of the photovoltaic power plant in stock has also led to the production of photovoltage block hair.
Interest rate rises. The net flow of cash from corporate operations has increased by 99.1 per cent over the same period. q3 low-pressure business growth loops have improved significantly, with industry markets and overseas operations being the focus of corporate development.
The real-estate appliance appliance - the low-pressure plate phase, interest rate ups and rises by 17%.
Continue to expand the electricity market, while accelerating technological development and market cooperation in the area of 5g base stations for 1u mini-chemicals, with the expectation that products will be launched and partial orders obtained next year; and to further industry markets,
On the ground, companies strengthen innovative R & D, customized services, and cabinet integration programmes. Overseas markets: companies upgrade low-pressure crop resilience growth. Expanding operations to Europe, Asia and the Pacific, Central and Eastern Africa, Latin America, etc., with excellent customization
With services, high-end brand positioning, cabinet parts and regional factory advantages, the company has continued to work on the replacement of international cards and has maintained good progress in adding a major client to the industry a year, with an increase of about 19 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Household use of photovoltaics has progressed faster than expected, taking into account the performance of power station sales. In the first three quarters, the company registered a growth rate of about 30%, net of the impact of power station sales, a 29% increase in business performance compared to the previous year (about 23% reported), and a significant q3 quarter performance speed.
900mw, expected to be far above expectations for the year (nearly 30% national share) with a distribution of 2gw light voltage in the first three quarters of the company, with an additional close to 1gw and an increase to (8621) 60935389 light voltage
3.2gw. In addition, overseas components, domestic epc, photovoltaic operations, etc., have remained stable and good. Profit predictions and investment proposals: q4 completion of heating is expected to lead to a continuation of low-pressure growth loops and a rise in domestic photovoltaic demand.
The pace of growth in operations such as epc, components, etc., is expected to achieve net return profits by 2019-2021 Macroeconomic warming is not as high as expected; property construction is not as high as expected; prices of bulk raw materials are volatile; 1 overall performance is in line with expectations, with a larger increase in the Māori rate in the single quarter
Good performance, after deducting the effects of the sale of power stations. The tri-quarters of 2019, when they were published, they collected, returned net profits to the mother, deducted net profits to the mother: 22,480 million, 2.86 billion, 2.80 billion, an increase of 17,62%, 2.65% and -0.02%, respectively, compared to the previous year, generally met market expectations. In 2019, q3 received, returned net profits to the mother.
The low-pressure Māori rate will continue to rise. The company ' s q3 Māori rate reached 31.7%, the ring rate increased by 2.7 ptt, and the previous three quarters brought the Māori rate back to 29.41%. As the low Māori rate of photovoltaic operations increases faster than the low pressure.
In view of the effects of low-pressure electrical size, increased automation efficiency, and the decline in commodity prices, the year-round growth of low-pressure operations at 2 and 3 has improved significantly, with net photovoltaic profits slightly exceeding expectations.
Low-pressure electrical plates: the first three quarters of the low-pressure plate saw an 11 per cent increase in revenue, compared to 10 per cent in the 2019h1 low-pressure segment, compared to the increase and a decrease in the amortization of costs resulting from the effects of scale, with the company ' s net profit increasing by about 17 per cent over the same period.
In addition to the continued pullback of the low-pressure industry and the signs of easing of the q4 trade battle, we judge this year's photovoltage plate: the first three quarters of the PV block saw a 30 per cent increase in revenue, compared to 47 per cent of the 2019h1 photovoltage block, which slowed somewhat, mainly because of the high base effect of the photovolt camp in the second half of the year (the second half of 2018).
The real household use of photovoltaics, domestic and foreign epc, component sales, photovoltaic operations, etc., is based on billions of yuan, an increase of 14.5 per cent over the same year, which is significantly lower than the increase in the size of the power station, which we believe is due, on the one hand, to the low cost of access to electricity from new grid-connected stations since this year, and possibly the number of hours that the power station has generated.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment