Up and up, up and up, up and up, up and up, up to the world's lithium oligarchy, the Ningde era, up and up and up, up and up, up and up, up to the world's lithium tower.
On February 2nd, the Ninder era announced that after investing no more than $29 billion in building IQB5 or six (12 billion) power, TZB1 (12 billion) power and energy storage, Time1 (5 billion, companies investing in power and energy battery projects, the company will invest another $29 billion in the lithium battery market to take on scale.
The year 2021 will be the year of the full-scale opening of the new global energy vehicle and the turning point for the power-chemical storage, and we will look forward to the Ningde era and its supply chain, the core asset of the lithium battery chain. This acceleration will further consolidate corporate oligopoly status, while advancing to global oligopoly position. We will raise the profit margin.
• Accelerating expansion, with a new energy vehicle plus storage with two wings to fly, and the lithium battery taps are starting to expand power and storage battery planning, highlighting the future high growth in the new energy vehicle and electrochemical storage energy markets. The lithium battery industry has entered the twh era, with strong large-scale effects.
The cost of lithium batteries is rapidly decreasing, thereby accelerating the penetration of new energy vehicles and electrical chemical storage. The company's expanding equity capacity is expected to be around 105 gwh, with additional celebratory production sites. According to our calculations, the company's chemical capacity is expected to reach 80 gwh+ by the end of 2020, with a capacity of about 350-400 gwh in construction, with full capacity planning.
● Industry trend poles, supply chain depth benefits based on sneresearch and China ' s Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance data, company global, 2020
Corporate Information Update - Add 100 gwh Extension and Storage Batteries - will deliver 113/225 gwh, respectively, with the relevant supply chain directly benefiting: lead intelligence, Corporate Information Update Report - performance will continue to be good
In turn, global expansion is a big trend - 2020.10.28. Corporate Insight Report - Ninder Age Depth Series.
(ii) Continuous evolution of supply chains, opening up space for globalization - 2020.9.1