On October 29, the company announced an investment in expanding production capacity. The company plans to invest in a lithium ion battery production base in the city of Fuding, Fujian province, with a total investment of up to 17 billion yuan yuan in the project; it plans to close the border in the city of Xiangyang, Jiangsu province.
The project for the development and production of the Jiangsu-era power and lithium-storage batteries (four phases) in the village ' s new district, with a total investment of up to RMB 12 billion; the project to invest in the expansion of the power cell in the Hong Kong economic and technological development area of the city of Iobin, Sichuan province, with a total investment of up to RMB 10 billion and a total investment of RMB 39 billion.
□ Invest in the expansion of the three main bases, with an expected capacity of 130 gwh. This expansion of the three power tanks and storage batteries in Ninder, Xiaoyang and Ying Bin is expected to be 130 gwh based on the investment cost of 300 million yuan/gwh. We expect a capacity of 90, 150, 210 gwh in 2020-2022.
By 2025, the company’s effective capacity will reach 450gwh. The expansion of capacity will be consistent with the company’s strategic development plan and meet the company’s future business development and market openings.
The market for new energy vehicles is still on fire, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is continuing to rise. The market for new energy in Europe abroad will continue to grow, and companies will benefit the general public, BMW, etc.
Battery leaders will benefit fully from the global boom in new energy cars. □ Profit forecasts: future performance is expected to remain high, based on the high state of the world’s new energy vehicles. 92x and 74x are projected.
In the six months following the publication of the report, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous certificate/subsidiarity index for the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and +5%;
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.