Energetic expansion, extra coded, embraces the twh era.
Business self-financing. 1) Guangdong Zhaoqing (New Base): The Corporate Department plans to invest in the construction of power and energy battery production bases in Zhaoqing City, Guangdong Province, for a period not exceeding 12 billion yuan yuan in total investment, covering approximately 1,000 acres of land for a period not exceeding two years.
Q: The project to expand a gas-powered battery production line during the period of investment construction in Ningd City, Fujian province (51% shareholding) was planned for a two-phase construction project with a total investment of up to RMB 5 billion, with no more than one year from the start of construction.
Project II is planned to be launched within one year of the first phase of construction. The total area of the project is about 750 acres, of which about 450 acres are covered by the first phase and about 300 acres are covered by the second phase of the project. 3) The Sichuan era (Eibin V6 Project): the company intends to be located in the Hong Kong Economic Technology Development Area of Yibin, Sichuan Province
Investing in five or six phases of a power cell manufacturing base, with a total investment of no more than 12 billion yuan in two phases and no more than 26 months from the start of construction, acre, with about 500 acres of project six.
• Embrace the twh era, with the expansion of capacity and the addition of codes. New product cycles are driving the toc end demand surge, the global electric year is approaching, and the Ninder era is accelerating to meet 40% of the power cell complex over the next five years.
Growth. Following the December announcement of a 39 billion launch plan, the company announced an additional 29 billion product expansion plan, which, based on an average investment of 300 million yuan in single-gwh extension, was more robust than expected.
The company has planned eight major sole-source production bases, including the Ninder Bay area (East Bridge/East/West Lake), the Ninder Road Bay, Ninder Fodding, the Xiaoyang base, Sichuan and Qinghai base, the German factory, Guangdong Jooqing.
The industry continues to be fully productive, with an over-intensity scenario, companies continue to be fully productive in January, with a slight decline in the spring of February, taking into account their current co-location capacity, the company’s capacity planning for 600-650gwhh, and its ability to plan production in the global battery industry.
The market tob end demand has been restored, while new models of my and Id4 have been released and new power has been installed. We expect more than 2 million vehicles to be sold domestically in 21 years.
Review: Large Impairment Slowing Speed, Expatriate Energetic Strengths 2020-10-28.
Assessment: A third equity incentive is proposed, with high prices showing long-term confidence. 2020-10 - In the embrace of the twh era, capacity expansion was expanded and extra-coded, exceeding expectations.
In December, after the announcement of 39 billion dollars in production, the company announced an additional 29 billion dollars in production expansion plans, calculated at 300 million yuan per unit, which corresponds to an additional 97gwhh.
The output capacity, the frequency of expansion, and the intensity of the activity are even higher than expected.
2) The Sichuan Phase Five Six project, with a total investment of 12 billion dollars in two phases, corresponds to about 40 gwh, mainly for power cell projects. The Sichuan Phase Four project, with a combined planned production of 107 gwh, will be one of the company’s most important production bases.
3) The joint venture-age project for the expansion of the Fu Jianxia Base, with a total investment of 5 billion dollars, corresponds to capacity of 17 gwh, with 51% of the public sector, and is being built in two phases. In April 19 the company announced a new phase of the era, with a total investment of 4.4 billion.
In the Bay of Belningham (East Bridge/East of Lake/West of Lake), Ningdh Road Bay, Ningdford Bay, Nindford Fodang, Sichuan and Qinghai bases, German factories, Guangdong Zhaoqing, the combined planned production capacity exceeds 500 gwh; taking into account the current combined capacity of assets, company production planning 600-650 gwh, the planning capacity of the Global Battery Enterprise is far ahead of production capacity (LG planned to reach 260 gwh in 2023).
By the end of 20 years, the company ' s capacity was estimated to have grown to around 200 gwh (single 160gwh), and by the end of 21 it was expected to have been expanded to approximately 120 gwh (single 160 gwh), and the construction of the Car Bay base, the Sichuan era, Xiaoyang IV, Ning der Fortune, and the Guangdong Zhaoqing base will continue to operate from 22 to meet the company ' s demand for hand orders, thus supporting the company to maintain a global share of more than 30 per cent.
Ningde’s expansion of production speeds, with its attendant suppliers clearly benefiting, has led to the rise of China’s supply chain. Ningde’s two recent expansions will increase production capacity by 230 gwh, and its planned capacity will exceed 600 gwh by 2025.
Tian Chi, New Zeus State, Structures - Kodali, Copper Plum, Nord, Guides - Tenna Technology, and, in addition, Jintai, Eng Jing, and Devon are already building an ancillary plant around Sichuan, and their share is expected to rise. The industry is over-expected, with Ningde expected to deliver more than 100 gwh in 21 years, double the same time.
Production, weather conditions are higher than expected, company production continues to reach full capacity in January, spring falls in February, recovery in March, where q1 is expected to produce more than 20 gwh, an increase of 300% over the same year. Demand for the domestic market has recovered at the end of the year, while new models of my and Id4 have been released and new power for car construction has been brought to the stage, and we expect more than 2 million vehicles to be sold domestically in 21 years, corresponding to battery demand.
Over 100gwh, the same year-on-year increase of 50+%. New joint ventures, new forces, running cars, etc. are supplied by Ninder, which is the only source of a renewed version of Tesla, and we expect Ninder's domestic share to return to over 50% in 21 years, considering demand for pre-positioning and power switching, which is expected to reach 75gwhh in Germany.
Growth, Ninder will benefit from psa, the general public, Dymler, etc., and power cell exports will double to 15 gwh in 21 years. Moreover, the domestic and foreign storage market has erupted, and the Ninder era is expected to grow up to more than 10 gwh by two times its size and cost advantage. So, we expect Ninder's power and storage to produce more than 100 gwh in 21 years, compared to the same amount.
The Ningde era was fully ahead in terms of technology reserves, customer targeting, production capacity layout, and cost regulation, and global leadership was established. Companies now have about 50% of their share in the country, overseas markets began to grow in 20 years, and have achieved impressive targets in the last three years, including Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, and Tesla.
BMW, general, psa, modern, Toyota, etc., have a lot of flowers and a high visibility of orders over the next five years. In the long run, we expect Ningde to have a share of more than 45% in the country and more than 20% in the overseas world. We expect the company to deliver 350% in 25 years, and the company has pre-positioned technology, capacity, channels, etc., and the subsequent increase is significant.
With rapid expansion, strong global power cell taps, high future growth certainty, and relatively conservative profit recognition, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and has had a portfolio investment advisory.