Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Asia
Date
Industry
China
BYD
Automobiles & Components
Forecast Change
Driven by EV hype; other prospects also
improving
Vincent Ha, CFA
Outlook also better for EV batteries, conventional cars, monorail, etc.
Research Analyst
We think BYD's share price rally is mainly driven by recent government and OEM
vows to hasten new energy vehicle (NEV) development. However, we also see
earnings upside in future years from areas such as electric vehicle (EV) battery
Fei Sun, CFA
sales to third parties, renewed designs for its car portfolio, more monorail projects,
Research Analyst
additional handset materials, an increase in solar module demand and residential
power storage demand. These income streams should lead to a 37% FY17-19E
two-year EPS CAGR, supporting more upside to the share price.
Yuki Lu
Research Associate
NEV sector re-rating on sales pick-up and more positive news
Year-to-August, China sold 320k units of NEVs, up 30% YoY. With the continuous
roll-out of more local government subsidy policies and more NEV models
available, the negative impact of subsidy reduction on sales volume has abated.
Together with China's latest vow to ban sales of pure conventional fuel vehicles in
the long run and global/local OEMs' recent announcements of more R&D efforts
in NEVs, we remain optimistic that we could see a 33% China NEV sales volume
five-year CAGR in 2015-20E. BYD should benefit with its ~20% market share,
even if this is dropping amid competition. What is more, BYD is also considering
supplying EV batteries to third parties, with the first contract possibly being signed
by yearend, according to the company.
Upside also for conventional cars, monorail, handset, solar and power storage
BYD has launched the new Song Max MPV with the new "Dragon Face" design.
Figure 1: BYD - forecast change
We think the new design philosophy will enhance its future models' appearance,
summary
and thus demand. The company has also unveiled its first commercial monorail
system in Yinchuan, with expectations of another 20 project rollouts in FY18.
While we are still uncertain about this business's profitability, we think the market
will start to give a valuation when more revenue is realized in FY18E. Meanwhile,
we also see more handset component revenue with the addition of 3D glass
material. For the solar module business, we foresee sales improvement driven by
overseas orders such as the recent 170MW orders from the US's NextEra (NEE.N,
USD146.55, Hold). Lastly, we see additional lithium ion battery sales potential via
the B-Box energy storage system.
Earnings upgrades on multiple revenue drivers; higher implied target P/E
Key downside risks: weak car sales, a slow
We raise our FY17-19E revenue and earnings on a better sales outlook for various
margin recovery in the battery and handset
component businesses, and more equity
businesses. Our SOTP-derived target prices imply a target FY18E P/E of 28.1x,
fund raising. Key upside risks: rapid auto
which we believe is justified by BYD's exposure to China's NEV market.
sales and margin improvement, and better
sales and/or a margin recovery in the battery
and handset component businesses.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017.
China NEV – A structural
growth story
Sector outperformance alongside NEV sales pick-up
Year-to-date, Hong Kong and China listed NEV thematic stocks under our
coverage have rallied 37% on average (vs. HSCEI's 16% and CSI300's 16%). We
think this is well supported by a 30.2% YoY increase in NEV sales to 320k units in
8M17. To elaborate, passenger NEV sales volume rose 45.5% thanks to a wider
spectrum of NEV models offered by various brands, in our view. Meanwhile, we
think that with the settling down of central and local government EV subsidy
schemes, including the subsidy level cuts spearheaded by the central government
in early 2017, commercial NEV YoY sales growth momentum has recovered from
minus 33.8% in 1H17 to positive 57.6% in July-August. Considering the sequential
improvement in sales, we remain confident that China should register 28% growth
in 2017E NEV sales volume to about 650k units.
Government and OEMs becoming more committed to
grooming the NEV market
Besides the physical sales improvement, we think that market sentiment on the
sector has also been boosted by the recent comments of government officials
and OEMs. To begin with, Mr. XIN Guobin, Vice Minister of China's Ministry of
Industries and Information Technology (MIIT), said in an industry forum in early
September that China is considering a ban on the sale of fossil fuel vehicles in
future. This echoes similar plans disclosed by the United Kingdom and France for
2040. While we do not think that a full ban will happen any time soon in China, we
view the aforementioned initiatives, together with the current subsidies, as proof
of the Chinese government's determination to drive NEV usage going forward.
In response to various countries' increasing push on NEV adoption, we also
observe that NEV R&D was amongst the most talked about subjects at the most
recent Frankfurt Auto Show. In brief, global OEMs plan to further their efforts
in NEV development, with more products to be rolled out by the end of this
decade. What is more, many of these OEMs also have plans to localize their NEV
production in China, with the setting up of JVs.
BYD stands to benefit in multiple ways
NEV sales to pick up with new models and electric bus orders
In 8M17, BYD remains one of the leaders in China NEV sales with a 19% market
share (2016: 22%), despite a YoY drop in sales. Excluding JV sales, BYD sold
27,344 units of passenger EVs in 8M17 (up 14.0% YoY) but it sold just 29,766 units
of passenger plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHEV, down 25.5% YoY) and 5,100 units
of commercial EVs (down 6.4% YoY). We attribute the slowdown to 1) reduced
government subsidies on PHEVs, 2) a lack of lower-price/lower-range passenger
EV models (a popular segment) vs. peers and 3) the policy uncertainty over electric
buses at the beginning of the year.
While we do not think that BYD possesses much NEV product advantage vs.
peers, we still believe that the company can sustain a high-teens market share. To
elaborate, its recently launched new passenger NEV models (i.e. Qin 100 PHEV,
Song PHEV and Song EV) have been selling well and BYD still plans to roll out
more lower-priced passenger EV/PHEVs in FY18.
For commercial EVs, we expect BYD's electric bus monthly sales to further ramp
up for the rest of the year with the recent announcement of more public bus
orders in Shenzhen. We still retain our FY17 sales forecast of 15k units despite
a cold start this year. In the medium term, we think commercial EV demand for
BYD will continue to rise with 1) more cities (e.g. Guangzhou) electrifying their
public bus fleet (probably by 2020E, according to BYD) and 2) the rising adoption
of electric trucks in the area of sanitary trucks, concrete mixers and dump trucks.
EV battery sales to become a new income stream
On previous public occasions, BYD has reiterated that it is considering supplying
EV batteries to third party OEMs besides in-house consumption. According to the
company, there are ongoing discussions with outside OEMs and it is possible that
some supply contracts could be signed by yearend.
According to BYD, its EV battery consumption should be about 10GWh this year
vs. its existing EV battery production capacity of 13GWh. In the foreseeable
future, the company's new Qinghai battery plant will add 10GWh new capacity
(with 5GWh in phase one) in 2018 and the new facility will produce the more
advanced nickel-manganese-cobalt (NMC) batteries. As such, we think that BYD
will have the capability to sell both lithium iron phosphate (LFP) and NMC batteries
to third parties and we estimate that it probably has room to sell 4GWh of EV
batteries in FY18, representing a meaningful new income stream.
Last but not least, as the Chinese government has recently confirmed that it is
considering less stringent requirements for foreign NEV entities to localize their
NEV production in China, we may see increased participation of foreign OEMs
and thus potentially higher demand for local brand EV batteries, an area that is
still well protected by the government.
NEV credit sales still a remote income source, probably starting 2020E
On 28 September, the Chinese government released the finalized version of
"Parallel Administrative Measures for Passenger Vehicle Corporate Average Fuel
Consumption (CAFC) and New Energy Vehicle (NEV) Credits", which is also
commonly known as the dual credit scheme. The document requires automakers
to generate NEV credit points equivalent to 10% of sales by 2019 and 12% by
2020, by selling a certain number of EVs (about 2-5 points each, depending
on range and battery efficiency) and PHEVs (2 points each). The NEV credit
percentage requirement is applicable to traditional PV OEMs with more than
30k units of annual production or import volume in China. Those who fail to get
sufficient credits (i.e. by selling enough NEVs or buying credits from other OEMs
like BYD) will be suspended from producing or importing vehicles that cannot
meet the fuel efficiency requirement.
To obtain credit points equal to 10%/12% of vehicles sold in 2019/2020, we
estimate that an OEM probably would need to achieve roughly 2.0-5.0%/2.5-6.0%
NEV sales (as a % of total sales volume), depending on the NEV mix and NEV
advanced level. While it may not be easy for traditional OEMs with a late start in
NEV rollout to achieve enough credits in 2019, in our view, the government does
allow them to use credits gained in 2020 to compensate. Therefore, we think that
the credit trading market is unlikely to become active until 2020 for BYD to benefit.
Ex-NEV: optimistic about
growth prospects
Possible conventional car business recovery with new
design
BYD has just launched a new MPV model named Song Max, with a price range
of RMB79.9-119.9k. Although the MPV segment is still small in China, with a
demand decline this year, the significance of this BYD model is that it showcases
the company's latest design language. Indeed, the car's design was led by
Mr. Wolfgang Egger, the ex-Head Designer of Audi (NSUG.DE, EUR707.75, Not
Rated), while the chassis tuning was led by Mr. Heinz Keck, who joined from
Daimler (DAIGn.DE, EUR67.47, Buy). We think that this revised design philosophy
will be adopted in future BYD models and an enhanced product image can
probably help the company to improve its conventional car sales as well.
Source: Company website
More monorail projects to be realized in 2018E onward
According to BYD, the company has spent about RMB5bn of R&D on its monorail
business, known as SkyRail, in the past five years. In early September, BYD
unveiled its first commercial monorail line in Yinchuan in Ningxia Province. It is
a short 5.7km system in Yinchuan's Flower Expo Park. For FY17E, BYD expects
to book about RMB5bn of revenue from the monorail business with about 40km
completion, mostly in a public-private partnership (PPP) format with BYD as one
of the investors. In FY18E, BYD plans to begin construction of another 20 projects
(e.g. in Shantou and Guilin), with more cities under negotiation.
While we are still uncertain about the monorail business's profitability, BYD
once claimed that it could be more profitable than the NEV business given less
competition, and we now think that investors will probably be willing to apply
some valuation to this business once more revenue is booked in FY18E.
Source: Company website
Handset business still in good shape
BYD has experienced solid growth in its handset-related business, thanks to
consistently strong orders from major local brand clients such as Vivo and Xiaomi.
The company also see business growth from its 3D Glass business (similar to the
growth driven by metal casing popularization, in our view).
Solar and electrical energy storage business picking up
According to BYD, its solar module business was loss-making in 1H17. While we
do not envision a meaningful recovery in the near term, we think the trend will
improve (as suggested by the company). For instance, BYD will supply 170MW
solar modules to NextEra Energy for power plants projects in the US. This is the
biggest order the company has got so far in North America, a region to which
BYD has shipped about 1GW of solar modules to date.
Besides, BYD introduced its B-Box electrical energy storage system in Europe
and Australia earlier this year to store the electricity generated by rooftop solar
systems. The first installation, a 11.5kWh storage system, was just completed in
Germany and BYD plans to introduce the system in the US market as well. While
we do not expect the demand for B-Box to suddenly surge in future, it can provide
another channel for the company to utilize its lithium ion battery capacity.
Valuation and risks
Earnings upgrades on better revenue outlook
Mainly on the back of higher pricing forecasts for BYD's NEV business, despite
lower volume forecasts for aggregate vehicle sales, and higher revenue estimates
for the monorail business, we raise BYD's FY17-19E revenue by 9.1-16.1% and
net profit by 11.1-19.8%.
Our FY17E forecast is below consensus as we are slight more cautious on
BYD's 2H17E recovery pace. However, our forecast is higher than consensus in
FY18-19E, reflecting our optimism on BYD's various growth initiatives.
Valuation not stretched given rapid earnings rebound
Our SOTP-derived target prices are based on 1) a peer average FY18E P/E of 14.7x,
24.0x and 7.2x for the handset business (16% of SOTP value), battery business
(7% of SOTP value) and monorail business (2% of SOTP value), respectively; and 2)
a peer average FY18E P/sales of 1.4x and 2.2x for the conventional auto business
(10% of SOTP value) and the NEV business (65% of SOTP value), respectively
(vs. the previous P/E-to-growth methodology used for the auto business), since
we think the market cares more about BYD's NEV sales momentum rather than
immediate profitability. The implied target FY18E P/E is 28.1x, the highest target
P/E benchmark among its local peers, which we believe is justified by its unique
exposure to China's NEV market and its 37% FY17-19E two-year EPS CAGR. We
maintain Buy on BYD-H on a positive earnings outlook, driven by a NEV sales
recovery, as well as potential EV battery sales to third parties. We maintain Hold
on BYD-A, given the valuation premium to the H-shares.
Source: Deutsche Bank
Risks
Key downside risks include weaker-than-expected car sales, a slower-than-
expected margin recovery in the battery and handset component businesses, and
more capital fund raising in future years.
Key upside risks include rapid auto sales and margin improvement driven by
successful new models, and better-than-expected sales and/or a margin recovery
in the battery and handset component businesses.
Figure 14: Valuation of China auto OEMs under our coverage (as of 29 September 2017)
Source: Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank estimates
BYD-A
Reuters: 002594.SZ
Bloomberg: 002594 CH
Hold
Company Profile
BYD Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, engages in three
main businesses: 1) Li-ion and nickel rechargeable batteries;
2) handset components and assembly services; and 3) the
production of autos, including hybrid and electric vehicles.
Vincent Ha, CFA
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
BYD
Reuters: 1211.HK
Bloomberg: 1211 HK
Buy
Company Profile
BYD Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, engages in three
main businesses: 1) Li-ion and nickel rechargeable batteries;
2) handset components and assembly services; and 3) the
production of autos, including hybrid and electric vehicles.
Vincent Ha, CFA
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Important Disclosures
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this
company within the past year.
This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year, during which time it
received non-investment banking securities-related services.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
As of the end of the preceding week, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) owns one percent or more of a class of
common equity securities of this company.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst about the subject
issuers and the securities of those issuers. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Vincent Ha
Historical recommendations and target price. BYD-A (002594.SZ)
(as of 09/28/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
Historical recommendations and target price. BYD (1211.HK)
(as of 09/28/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ^\prime s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America