Performance met expectations, operating cash flows increased significantly 01/04 2019: companies achieved $28.7 billion in 2018, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother
2.20 billion, an increase of 51.7 per cent over the same period, is in line with performance expectations (performance forecast increases between the same period in terms of concrete and crane revenues, higher net cash flow innovations in operations, and significant growth in corporate operating income and profits over the same period last year, excluding the 2017 ring).
The country’s revenue is 2,665 million yuan, with business income in 2018 equal to +39.25 per cent. If the impact of a one-time non-recurrent gain or loss, such as the sale of sanitation operations in 2017, the company’s net profit on non-repatriation is 1.49 billion yuan, an increase of 118.1 per cent over the same period, a doubling of the increase.
According to industry, concrete machines, cranes (including engineering cranes and towers) in engineering and mechanical plates increased by 38.6 per cent, 83.3 per cent and 8.1 per cent, while major products continued to be produced at a high price, with an average down payment of 40 per cent, while the market share of domestic products in cranes and concrete machinery continued to be maintained.
“ Count one two”; the engineering and machinery industry has been booming since the beginning of spring 2019, and capital investment has increased at a rate of recovery + the need for accelerated environmental renewal, and we expect that, since 2019, with a high growth of re-drives and concrete machines, the Central and Central United Nations Section, which focuses on these two major industries, will benefit significantly.
Business machinery generated 1,477 million yuan, corresponding to 35.6 per cent of the total, largely affected by industry, corporate market advantage of 100 million yuan, rising by 77.6 per cent from the previous year, operating cash flows at the best level ever and continuing upwards: 280 days of working days in accounts receivable, 120 days less from the same year, with the company maintaining a stronger position.
The credit policy, the speed of collection, and the ability to operate have improved considerably.  The profitability has increased significantly, and the cost rate has fallen significantly over the period.
See, the main reasons for the significant increase in the Māori ratio of concrete machines/ cranes/other machines and products/farm machines for the company, respectively, are: 1) the continued high sales of the main products, led by cranes and concrete machines, with significant scale effects; 2) the optimal product structure, with high Māori
The firm’s strict cost-control + scale effect has led to a significant reduction in overall cost rates.  The strategic focus effect has been highlighted, and the new operational earth machinery + high-altitude platform can be developed over time.
The company is committed to fine engineering machinery, and the benefits of the elite block of engineering machinery are even more evident. The share of the domestic product market for public lifting machines and concrete machinery continues to be “one-and-two” in which construction cranes, concrete arm-pumpers remain industry-first, and the market position of the main product is maintained.
In addition, the company has strengthened the development of potentially emerging markets.
In October 2018, high-end smart products of eight models were released in three major categories, with the expectation of gas from 2018-08-31.
Low-stream demand benefiting from rapid growth; sustained expansion of mechanism sand, dry sands, jet-manufacturing operations, 2, Central Intensive Section: Performance in line with expectations,  Profit forecasting and investment proposals: domestic policy easing will contribute to the climate cycle in the engineering and machinery industry.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities and Supervisory Commission (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.