High performance in 2018, good performance in the fourth quarter 2018, and even better performance in the fourth quarter. In 2018, companies earned $28.7 billion, an increase of 23.3 per cent, and net return profit of $20.2 billion, an increase in the same year.
The industry recovered strongly, and the company, as one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country, benefited from a recovery in the industry, which led to a significant increase in its performance in 2018. In the fourth quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $7.66 billion, an increase of 41.6 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $720 million, an increase of 1345.8 per cent over the fourth quarter.
The recovery in concrete vehicles and cranes is evident, with significant improvements in corporate performance, revenue collection, and net return profits. The Māori rate is rising on a quarterly basis, with operating cash flows reaching the best level ever.
The rate was 27.1 per cent, an increase of 5.7 pct in the same year; the net interest rate was 6.8 per cent, an increase of 1.5 pct in the same year; the sales rate was 29.1 per cent, an increase of 8.0 pct in the same year; the net interest rate was 8.7 per cent, an increase of 8.4 pct in the same year; in 2018, the company ' s rate of Maori was rising seasonally, and profitability increased seasonally.
During the year, the company ' s operating cash flow amounted to $5.06 billion, an increase of 77.6 per cent over the previous year, the company ' s sales returns were significantly enhanced, the cash flow situation improved significantly, and the operating cash flow in 2018 was the best ever.
The company removed its environmental operations, the main engineering and machinery industry grew rapidly, and the concrete/lifting machinery generated $10.117.1247 billion, an increase of 38.6 per cent/83.3 per cent, respectively, representing a 40 per cent down payment, while the share of the domestic product market of the crane and concrete machinery continued to be maintained.
The first two of them, the construction cranes and concrete long-arm pumpers, were the first to keep the industry. In 2018, the company ' s agricultural machinery received $1.48 billion, a 35.7 per cent decrease in the same year, representing an increase of 51.8 per cent and an increase of 12.5 per cent in the share of the proceeds. Companies worked deep in overseas markets, and they cared.
In Italy, Germany, India, etc., business expansion has taken a new step. The investment proposal is that the company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country, and since 2018 it has performed well with a depth of 300 indexes, the reference point for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.