Large buybacks increase confidence, and post-cycle products become a point of view.
No more than $2.98 billion is to buy back a company ' s share in a centralized bid, the amount of which is between 2.5 and 5% of the total equity, and the price of which is not more than $7.63 per share, which will be used to implement the SIP.
Investors have confidence in the company’s long-term investment. Repurchases of shares for the implementation of the employee holding scheme will further mobilize team motivation and promote the company’s long-term and healthy development.
During the quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 9.20 billion yuan, an increase of 41.8 per cent and a 17.7 per cent increase in the ring; The continued strong recovery in the engineering and machinery industry and the rising market share of the company's dominant product, the company zhangaojie@dgzq.com.cn
Business performance has improved significantly, with higher than expected growth in one quarter. In 2018, net cash flows from corporate operations reached $5.06 billion, an increase of 77.6 per cent from the previous year, and business cash flows reached the best level in history. In the first quarter, net cash flows from corporate operations reached $1.87 billion, an increase from the previous year.
Key data as at 24 May 2019: 311.6 per cent; significant improvement in cash flow as a result of company sales return capacity; close to 80 per cent of total cranes, concrete machinery receipts, post-engineering machinery cycle 2019
Product recovery is at a peak. On the order and pace of construction, cranes and concrete machines lag behind excavators and are expected to reach a peak of replacement from 2019 to 2020. Roe (ttm) since 2019
Heavy machines and concrete machines are also expected to become the driving force of the engineering and machinery industry for a sustained recovery in December. In 2018, the company removed its environmental operations, and the main engineering and machinery industry grew rapidly.
Concrete machinery/lifting machines generated $10.177.7 billion each, increasing the share of earth machinery in the domestic product market by the same year.
The recovery of cranes and concrete machinery is expected to lead to a rapid growth in company performance, with a clear dominance of company ownership and a promising performance in 2019 Investment proposal: the company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country, with a clear dominance of the main industry, I
Quarterly performance has increased significantly, and business performance is expected to rise again in 2019. We expect the company to have a 300-percent “market index” benchmark for this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.