The performance of q1 exceeded expectations, observing cranes and concrete machines continued: the company issued a quarterly report, yielding $9.02 billion (+41.8 per cent year-on-year); the mother ' s net gain was $1 billion (+166 per cent year-on-year) and the non-mother ' s net gain was $820 million (+192.3 per cent year-on-year).
▪ Super-expected performance, with cranes and concrete machines growing as a product of the post-cycle cycle: public real growth of 166%, close to the ceiling of the performance forecast. We judge that the bulk of the production is continuous production of the main farm, with two large sales and a full price increase, and the share of the domestic market in the domestic product of cranes and concrete machines continues to be maintained
" Count one two." Since the beginning of spring 2019, the engineering and machinery industry has continued to flourish, capital investments have increased, and the cranes, concretes, and the relays have grown since April, and the cranes and concrete machines have been operating well.
The volume is expected to continue to outpace expectations, and we believe that the Central and Central Union Section, which focuses on these two major industries, will be significantly affected by the  Māori rate, the increase in net interest rates on a quarterly basis, and good cost controls: the q1 combined Māori rate in 2019 has been growing on a seasonal basis since then, and we judge that the main reasons for this are: (1) a significant increase in product sales.
(ii) The impact of price increases, where the company's main product, the tower crane, increased prices in 2018, and we expect the effect to be real in 2019. (3) product restructuring, and higher Maori products such as cranes and pumps, increased their share of income.
The share of low-rich products, such as agricultural machinery, continues to decline. Controls. The sales rate is 7.9 per cent, equal to the same rate; management costs (including R & D rates) are three times the same increase in operating cash flows, and operating efficiency is significantly improved: company q1 is now operating.
Net gold flow of $1.87 billion, an increase of 312 per cent over the same figure of $450 million of 2018q1, is mainly a $3.2 billion increase in cash received by vendors and services over the same period in the previous year; since q2 in 2018, the Department has maintained a high level of operating cash flow (over 1 billion), with credit sales policy controls
Strict, with an average down payment of 40 per cent; in addition, there has been a marked improvement in the efficiency of the company ' s operations, with accounts receivable working days being equal to -81 days and inventory working days being equal to -23 days.
Under this scenario, the company’s simultaneous growth in revenue and operating capacity is indicative of real qualitative growth. The strategic focus effects highlight that the new business earth machinery + high-altitude platform can be developed over a period of time: the company’s power is tied to precision engineering machinery, and the benefits of the engineering machine’s advantage block cluster are more pronounced.
The share of domestic products in machinery, concrete machinery continues to be “on the count of one and two” in which construction, cranes, concrete long-arm pumpers remain the industry's first, the market position for major products continues to be good, and operating cash flows increase significantly as expected.
In addition, the company has strengthened the development of potentially emerging markets. The company has developed a whole new series of g-long, 2019-04-02-generation earth machinery products on the market and marketing channels are in the pipeline, while accelerating high-altitude production.
Industry platform products, published in October 2018 in three major categories of high-end smart products of 8 models, 2, Middle and IGS (000157): Performance, expected to benefit from rapidly growing downstream demand: continuous expansion of mechanism sands, dry sands, jet machines
In line with expectations, benefiting from the continued high profile of the industry, hands-on operations and good behaviour, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.