In the first quarter of 2019, the company was expected to achieve a net return on its own. In the first quarter of 2019, the market share of the company's dominant product increased, the company's business performance increased significantly, and the performance of the company improved by a quarter.
The recovery of the product is at a peak. In the order and pace of construction, cranes and concrete machines lag behind the excavators, which are expected to reach a peak of replacement from 2019 to 2020. Since 2019, heavy machines and concrete machines have been expected to become the driving engineering industry.
Sioux's power source. In 2018, the company removed its environmental business, the main engineering and machinery industry grew rapidly, concrete machinery/lifting machinery generated $101,71,447 million each, and the share of earth machinery in the domestic product market continued to grow, with construction cranes, concrete, etc.
The main data is April 4, 2019, where the long-arm pumper remains the first in the industry. The company’s main product continues to be sold at a two-thousand price, with a 40-per-cent down payment and a significant improvement in asset quality.
Looking to drive a rapid growth in corporate performance, the firm’s dominant position is clear, and business performance in 2019 is expected to be roe (ttm) growing profitability and operating cash flows have reached record levels.
In December, the company increased its focus on high-quality growth, continued to work on 4.0 products, improved product marketing structures and increased profitability. In 2018, the company ' s Māori ratio was 27.1 per cent, up from the previous year.
5.7 pct; net interest rate of 6.8 per cent; 1.5 pccc increase on the same year; sales cost/management cost rate/financial trend, with increased profitability on a quarterly basis and expected to increase continuously in 2019. In 2018, operating cash flows to companies amounted to $5.06 billion, an increase of 77.6 per cent from the same year, and the company ' s sales return capacity increased significantly.
During the year, the recovery of the engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue, the quality of the company ' s operations is expected to improve further, and the financial statements rehabilitation will continue to advance.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.