Large buybacks send a positive signal, master concrete machines, 14 May 2019: the company intends to buy back its shares with $2.98 billion of its own capital, in terms of 2.5 to 5 per cent of its total equity.
Large buybacks send a positive signal that the company's money for this buyback comes from its own money, that it has full confidence in its future business, and that they also send a positive signal to the market.
The cash flow is maintained at a high level (over 1 billion) and the cash in hand at the end of 2019q1 + transactional financial assets have totalled 27.7 billion, with sufficient cash in hand. In addition, the introduction of the SIP is expected to harmonize the interests of enterprises, employees, shareholders, and some.
Building cranes, concrete machines as a product of the post-cycle growth of the relay excavators, capital investment booms and environmental needs for accelerated renewal, with cranes, concretes, etc.
Since April, the cranes and concrete machines have been operating well, and sales are expected to continue beyond expectations, with significant benefits to the Central and Central Joint Unit, which focuses on these two major industries. The company’s strong business towers, which are in demand, have concentrated their share with the leading producers, accounting for 2019.
▪ The strategic focus effects highlight that the new business earth machinery + high-altitude platform can be developed over time, that companies are committed to precision engineering and that the benefits of the engineering machinery advantage block cluster are more pronounced. The share of the domestic product market for public lifting machines and concrete machinery continues to be “one-to-two” , and that
In addition, the company has increased its potential to develop emerging markets. The company’s whole new series of earth-based mechanical products have been marketed, and the distribution channels are in the pipeline, while accelerating the high-altitude operation of the layout.
Platform products, published in October 2018 in three major categories of high-end smart products with a total of 8 models, which are expected to benefit from rapidly growing downstream demand; continuous expansion of mechanisms sand, dry sand, jet-manufacturing operations, 1, Middle Joint Heavy Section (000157): q1
Significant increase in operating cash flows, as expected. 2019-04-02 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.