(a) The strong expansion of lending, which highlights the role played by the Bank of Commerce and Industry in the events of 01/09/2022: on 30 August, the Bank of Commerce and Industry issued a 22h1 report with revenues of 48,727 million yuan, yoy+4.2 per cent;
The net profit growth rate of the parent is steady, and the business efficiency is robust. 22h1, the net profit of the parent is positive. \triangleright asset end price rises steady, supporting a better growth in net interest income. 22h1 other non-interest income is higher than +7.7 per cent.
Mainly affected by market fluctuations, agent fund income declined; however, settlement, liquidation and cash management operations income increased by +10.2 per cent, supporting the increase in revenue realized on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright
\triangleright Research Assistant in Bowen
In 22h1, loans in the renminbi were added to the market by 1.6 trillion yuan, and remained at the top of the market at the same rate every month. In 22h1, corporate loans (excluding discounts) were increased at a significantly faster rate than total loans in the green sector.
The “first-person financial bank” strategy accelerated, selling aum to 17.9 trillion yuan, or +8%; with gbc combined, the client's ecology was optimized, and the flow was similar to +22%; and the competitiveness of key regional branches improved.
This is a steady increase of $1.4 trillion over the previous year’s end, with a steady increase of $1.4 trillion in funding support for service entities. “Better and better” features, with an 18% capital adequacy rate.
22h1 The net profit of the mother is growing steadily and operating well; asset expansion is rising at a steady price; credit is growing in advance, deposits are growing brightly, service entities are taking responsibility; capital is stronger and assets are of better quality. 22-0.5 times 22 years pb is expected to be rated for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
The growth rate of the net profit of the parent is steady, the performance of the business is robust, the net profit of the parent is stable, and the second quarter is slightly lower.
Figure 2: Business banks ' performance as of 22h1 increased by the same rate (single season)
2 Strong lending, pre-release strength, stability, higher returns on loans and investments in interest-bearing assets, structural optimization of asset-bearing assets +10bp, +8bp, mainly affected by the periodicization of deposits, with the average balance of 22h1 fixed-term deposits in total deposits
In terms of size, credit flows were strong, highlighting the role played by the big players. 22h1 total assets, loans, deposits, and the same ratio of deposits were active before public access, serving the real economy. The first six months of the year saw the first dollar loan of 1.6 trillion yuan in the renminbi, which was the highest in the city, and kept increasing on a monthly basis.
In 22h1, the ratio of corporate loans, individual loans, bills was 67%, 12%, 22%, with enhanced support entities and weak links for public loans, 6281 billion yuan in manufacturing loans increased in the first half of the year, a 3.5-fold increase over the same period last year.
This is significantly higher than the increase in total loans.3 Optimizing client ecology, deposit expansion to build a new growth curve, the “First Man Financial Bank” strategy is moving faster, the customer base is getting stronger, and 22H1 retailers are getting better.
Households reached 710 million, compared to +86.6 million at the end of 21 years; retail sales aum reached 17.9 trillion yuan, with a higher rate of growth on the top base, at +8 per cent. gbc (government, industry, consumption) is working together and client ecology is gradually optimized. End 22H1g, end b
In addition, priority regional branches have become more competitive, with savings and increases in areas such as 22H1 Kyoto and Hong Kong, Australia and the Gulf region remaining market leaders.
The increase in deposits is out of the new curve. Through these efforts, deposits are becoming more competitive, with a balance of 22h1 deposits reaching 29.3 trillion yuan, 2.8 trillion yuan more than at the end of 21 years, and 1.4 trillion yuan more than in 21 years, providing stable and reliable financial support for the economic development of the service entities.
The “highness and excellence” feature is that capital adequacy is 18 per cent plus capital strength is increasing. 22h1 Business Bank capital adequacy is 18.31 per cent, up from 6bp in late March, providing a solid back-up for continued scale-up.
Business quality is optimized and asset quality indicators are reasonably good. 22h1 non-performing loan rates, 3pct to 59% coverage, adverse asset identification is stricter and asset quality is more real. 5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split with business
1. Speed of increase: Business and Industry Banks, as large integrated state-owned banks across the country, are guaranteed credit and assets expansion, with bank loans and total assets increasing by 11.0 per cent and 5.5 per cent in 2021, respectively, and RMB loans in the first half of the year have increased by more than one month and are expected to increase at a significant rate throughout the year.
2. Net interest differentials: assets, active adjustment contribution net interest differentials in the structure of liabilities have been reduced by a narrow and stable margin. We anticipate 3 non-interest income: retail power “first person financial bank” strategy, which is expected to result in non-interest income 4, quality of assets: business and industry banks take the initiative to mitigate financial risks and have risk controls in place.
22h1 The net profit of the mother is growing steadily and operating well; asset expansion is rising at a steady price; credit is advanced to help stabilize the economy, highlighting the role played by the big business; and assets are of good medium quality. Pb is expected to be 22-24 years, with four large State-owned commercial banks as comparable companies, below the average of comparable companies, rated for the first time.
1) Downward macroeconomic growth: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to a certain downward pressure, the demand for credit from residents and enterprises is weak and the expansion of the sector slows; it may have a negative impact on the quality of the bank ' s assets. 2) Downfall expectations at net interest differential levels are higher: negative changes in regulatory policies or external interest rates may result in
Bank net interest differentials are higher than expected, thus reducing the profitability of companies.3 The improvement in the real estate sector is less than expected: supporting factors such as the location of industrial policies may affect the quality of bank assets if they are less advanced than expected in the real estate sector.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.