Injection of assets at full speed, increasing performance is a matter of day and day: the Shanxi Coal Bulletin states that business change registrations have been completed in the water and coal industries (000983).
Under the relevant Share Transfer Agreement, the first price of the transfer price of 100% of the shareholding and 51% of the share transfer in the water-coal industry has been paid. Water-coal and coal-digging mines are injected to boost coal production significantly.
515 million tons in storage, 278 million tons in storage and 4 million tons/year in authorized capacity; and 61 million tons in storage, 30 million tons in storage and authorized capacity in mining mines
1.2 million tonnes/year. Coal storage in Shanxi is 4.04 billion tonnes, recoverable 2.11 billion tonnes, approved production capacity is 32.6 million tonnes/year (3.8 million tonnes/year in production and 1.8 million tonnes/year in construction) and post-acquisition nodes are both the beginning of the 1450 year and the implementation of the Sanxi State Enterprise Reform 3 years ago.
Meanwhile, 2021 was the year of the first three years of the Sanxi Coal Group's “three three steps in three years” strategic plan, with resource restructuring as the main thrust of the “new coal”, guided by resource asset capitalization, assets, and the need for a “new coal” strategy.
The concept of capitalization, capital securitization and the use of listed corporate platforms to promote coal resource consolidation and professional restructuring are expected to accelerate the injection of coal assets from the Shanxi Coal Group into listed companies, further increasing the profitability of coal-based cooking operations.
If the remaining coal assets are fully injected into the overall market (medium- and long-term perspective), the coal price of the coal in Shanxi bounces back to the bottom, contributing to the recovery of the company’s performance.
\triangleright Downstream Coal Demand has fallen and the average price of the main Coal in Shanxi has fallen by 15.45%. This has been accompanied by a recovery of the demand in the second half of the year, a rebound in the price of the Coal Refinement, and an average of the main Coal in Shanxi.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. fast-tracked up from a three-quarter low of $996/tonne, with a continuous rise in the ring in four quarters.
With the closure of the 9th Palace Building on the west corner of Beijing, the demand for coal is expected to rise further, and the trend towards better coal prices is expected to continue in 2021. In the first half of 2020, the combined price of coal in the mountain is 5.01% lower than in the first half of the year.
The price of coal is lower and more stable than in the region. In the trend towards a sustained recovery in the price of coal, the company’s combined sale price of coal rose by about 3.00%, and the firm’s performance was more robust.
Catalysing of carbon import restrictions, taking into account the injection of assets from the water and coal industries Risks of safe production accidents, uncertainty in the import policy of Australian coal, significant impairments, \triangleright
Table 3: “Three three-step strategic planning” by Shanxi Coal Group, Dr. Zing Ming, China University of Mines (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer and member of the expert bank of the China Sinda Energy Advisory Corporation, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects, and in June 2016, it has been working on the coal sector.
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business Administration, People ' s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.