29 February 2020: the company issued its 2019 performance report, which generated $792 million in operating income in 2019, which is a year-on-year increase.
38.45 per cent long, net profit attributable to the mother was $176 million, an increase of 69.95 per cent for the fourth quarter of the year, with operating income of $258 million, an increase of 88.22 per cent, net profit attributable to the mother, 56,317,400 yuan, an increase equal to the increase in the product structure, and high growth in performance: the company ' s revenue grew in 2019 on a year-on-year basis.
In 2019, the company continued to roll out new products and actively expanded application markets, with a significant increase in product sales, while the company continued to strengthen technological innovation, and the introduction of high-morigin products led to a strong corporate product structure.
Continue to optimize, significantly improve profitability, and promote high performance growth. ▪ Horizontally integrate advantage resources and improve the layout of the simulation chip industry: the company is the leader of the indigenous simulation ic and currently provides more than 1,200 items for consumer electronics, industrial controls, telecommunications medicine and electronic car applications
In December 2019, the company proposed to acquire 71.30% of the stock of the Qin Thai semiconductor by issuing shares and paying cash. When the deal is completed, the company will be able to make a direct contribution to the remaining product categories, which will enable the company to integrate the quality, rich and excellent resources of the industry horizontally.
The restructuring of products and the prospect of good synergies between the company and Xiaotai in the areas of product development, supply chain and customer outreach have further enhanced the market ownership and industry dominance of the company.
High-speed growth, simulating chip tap growth, proximate chip demand growth and national production substitution process, with broad scope for company growth: wide inter-firm growth, 2019-08-16.
The competitiveness of products in the area of signal chain and power management simulation chips is remarkable. Clients expand steadily.
The rapid growth of the class is expected to benefit fully from the continuous rise in demand for the simulation chip from various applications. At the same time, the simulation of the home-grown replacement process for the chip is steadily moving forward, with the company acting as a leading player in the country.
A high-quality microchip design company is expected to benefit first, and there is much room for growth in the future.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: without consideration of mergers and acquisitions, we expect the company to be at Camp 2020-2021.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board