Computer software development, 23 years of recovery, capital market enabler, Helium Electronics, the country's leading provider of financial science and technology, has been through it since its inception.
Year after year, Fintech 100 was ranked 24th in 2022, the highest-ranking financial-it manufacturer in the country. The external aspect of the long-standing financial-itt is a reflection of our high Māori ratio and our high financial-level Māori ratio.
High market share in business, which is behind it, shapes its deep protection in industry 1) The high Maori rate: high product reuse. 1 Industry specificities keep the value on gold standardization; industry patterns, coupons, funds, etc.)
Total equity/flow (million shares) less self-researched and high demand for the int system, resulting in high buyer sticky, total market value/flow (millions)
The seller has a higher voice in the industry ecology.2 From a consistent perspective, there have been years of research into the cloud, building the organizational structure of the “big center, small application”, leading 2) behind the high market share: the technological branding advantage is constantly opening up the past.
Improved Profit Performance - 2022/10/27. The main directions of sustained client outreach in the last decade are the growth in financial innovation and regulation.
The bulk of business brings new customers, the number of financial institutions rapidly taking over the new companies, the performance, the second half of the year, the replacement of the system by friends. The underlying reason for this is the continuous accumulation of research and development.
2022/08/25 Technology competitiveness: and comprehensive integrated solutions in the context of financial innovation.
Clients are sticky, with a branding effect that allows a virtuous cycle to occur. The growth rate of income growth in the main business is remarkable -- leading businesses are not lacking in growth. We believe that potential growth in the future can be achieved through sustained growth.
On the one hand, the development of the real economy is directed to financial institutions, which, as financial institutions grow and grow, increase their demand.
Multiple levels of capital market reform are on the way, and financialit firms need to develop new products to support the new business landscape, particularly with the full implementation of the stock issue registration reform on 1 February 2023, which has led to business growth for financialit enterprises.
Financial institutions have increased their investment. On the one hand, our financial institutions still have a lot of room for improvement, compared to overseas financial institutions, and on the other hand, financial science and technology are moving deeper into digital reform.
As a central force in changing industry patterns over the next decade, intellectualization is gradually being integrated into financial core production systems and mainstream business processes. Compared with overseas giants ss&c, there are many possibilities for the future.
The country’s financial system is constantly developing and improving, with emerging business boundaries or sustainable expansion; s&c’s growing sustainability; and software service models are being rolled out, and future or regularization is being achieved, with an improvement in the current gap between income and cost costs of scissors.
After party politics, the financial revolution has opened, with Hengsheng starting in 2019, multidimensionally contributing to financial innovation, and with the industrial benefits of policy booms; at the cost end, people with prior experience will be lost and people will be able to work as the scale of the new product hits the ground.
Investment proposals: E-commerce is a well-deserved leader in the field of financialit, and over 20 years of development has built a strong moat of cities, a multi-layered capital market reform, financial digital reform and a comprehensive registration system based on technological and product strength, broad client accumulation.
The sustainability of growth has been demonstrated by the foreign giants ss&c. The current push for financial innovation, positive corporate cost control, has begun, and financial innovation has not progressed as expected: industry competition has intensified.
For many years, the financial sector has focused on securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, and transactions.
For 15 years in a row, he has been on the Fintech 100 Global Financial Service Billboard, ranking 24th in 2022. With companies changing over time, the business structure of the past 10 years has undergone a number of important adjustments:
In 2013, the company eliminated the former Ministry of Securities and the Ministry of Finance and Finance, and the corresponding two former Department of Industry and Technology products were regrouped into capital market lines, which included such departments as asset management, brokering, wealth management, the trading market and overseas operations; a new Internet Service Enterprise was established.
In 2019, the company planned a six-way business map and adjusted its organizational structure accordingly. New retail line was created to upgrade the Committee on Brokering and the Committee on Wealth into a wealth-brokering group; new capital was created.
Management of the business line, which will upgrade the institutional counter operations of the Investment Management and Brokering Commissions into the capital management and institutional service clusters; establishment of the new banking and industrial and supply chain finance lines of the Ministry of Exchange and Industry and the Ministry of Banking and Industry to form the Banking and Industry Commission: new data risk and infrastructure operations
Data Risk and Infrastructure Industry Board, co-organized by the Ministry of Data Centre Development, the Department of Risk Management, the Department of Exchange Industry and Industry, the Financial Infrastructure Development Department and the Local Exchanges.
The 23-year recovery option, the valuation accounting system for capital market enablers, and the system for liquidating funds; the new business, insurance core and infrastructure it operates, and the new insurance core in the base of banking and industrialit operations; and data risks and foundations
The facility operations have been transformed into data risk and platform technology-it operations, which have been added to the original compliance management products, based on medium-level products, comprehensive risk management products, and according to the type of product/service, the company currently divides its operations into large retail-it operations, large-capital-management-it operations,
Businesses, insurance core and infrastructureit operations, data risk and platform technologyit operations, Internet innovation and non-financial operations six broad categories. 23 years of recovery, capital market enablers
Corporate operations have remained focused over the years. Corporate majors and retails accounted for the bulk of corporate revenues in the market, base money, and securities business in 2019-2021, and corporate owners have been more focused. Business focuses on the financial sector, particularly in the areas of large retailing, major capital management, where corporate revenues and capital markets have been one of the main performances.
Changes, the growth of financial customers, and the demand for business brought about by changes in the characteristics of demand that make corporate income performance vary for most of the year with the volatility of capital markets.
The stock structure has undergone major changes, and the main management has remained stable. In 2014, Zhejiang has limited technology and companies (when Mr. Maun held 99.1356% of the shares) acquired 100% of the permanent e-shares, thus indirectly holding 20.62% of the e-square stock, and the e-seat equity structure is controlled by a number of natural persons.
In January 2023, the company announced that there had been a change in the structure of the controlling shareholder group, which had led to a change of interests in the company’s real controlling party, that the company’s controlling shareholder was still a constant group, and that the actual controlling person would be changed from Mr. Maun to an uncontrollable one. At the same time, however, there had been no significant change in the main management, which would benefit the company’s strategy and strategy.
The history review, the path to success for the financial giants, is behind the high Māori rate of 2.1 - the high re-use of products - the software industry has a bottom business model of “marginal cost zero”, which gives it the high Māori condition.
From the history of software development in our country, early SME demand for software, willingness to pay and ability to pay have been weak, while large firms with demand and ability to pay have always been strong, refusing to accept software changes to built-in business processes, preferring software companies to tailor themselves, which has led to a large number of project-type companies offering customization services.
To change the bottom business model of the software industry’s “marginal cost zero,” a high degree of standardization and reuse of software products would create a greater profitability than their counterparts. For almost 10 years, the persistent e-Maori ratio has been above the industry average, thanks to its high standardization and recovery of products.
The 23 years of recovery, capital market enablers and 2.1.1 Financial Sectors have standardized conditions. The special nature of the industry has led to a sustained emphasis on financial standardization, laying the foundation for the standardization of financial IT products.
The National Technical Committee for Financial Standardization, a technical organization of illegal persons mandated by the National Committee for Standardization to carry out national standardization work in the financial field, was established in 1991 as the first gold medallion committee, and this is evident from the fact that financial standardization has come to the fore. In 2017, five ministries, including the People ' s Bank, the former Banking Supervisory Board, the Certification Supervisory Board, the former Insurance Supervisory Board and the National Standards Board, jointly issued it.
In 2022, the Bank of the People, the General Directorate of Market Supervision, the Superintendency of Silver Insurance and the Fourth Department of the Certification Commission issued the “14th Five-Year Development Plan for the Standardization of Finance” and continued to receive attention in the country's financial standardization efforts.
In terms of industry patterns, buyers are more sticky and sellers have a higher voice, further contributing to the standardization of financial interests. 1) Banks have established more technology subsidiaries for self-research, followed by insurance, and relatively fewer bond dealers and funds, and more demand for financial interests. E-commerce is more concentrated in securities, futures, funds, etc.
There are fewer cases in which institutions have dedicated S&T subsidiaries, relying more on Triangular Financialit, and the industry landscape is more favourable to sellers, i.e., financial S&T companies, and gives them a higher voice; S&T subsidiary time; Sunstar time on-line is the time for the Willing Securities Bulletin to be granted 100% of S&T ' s online equity; and incomplete statistics.
2) The high requirements of financial institutions for the IT system make the head-manufacturer's river-guarding effect significant. Financial institutions, in their choice of financial int products, “stable” and “safe” are the primary options for purchase, and customers do not usually buy unapplied, immature products, as well as new entrants' products, which are more sticky to large manufacturers.
It is a long-term process, with fewer new entrants to the competition, and a firmer industry. This is very beneficial for industry leaders, and hence more autonomy for financial leaders.
2.1.2 The constant exploration and application of the natural cloud, in 2009, led to the development of a business strategy for the “Network Change Industry” and the development of inputs for the technological transformation of the Internet, as well as the development of a 2.0 operation and an experiment in the transformation of the corporate business model.
In July 2013, Hengsheng set up an Internet service community and began formally constructing a web-based financial cloud platform, based on a homs platform. The platform was dominated by private corporate investors, gradually expanding to such user areas as professional investors, high-end wealth investors, etc.
In 2014, cloud computing and big data were gaining ground in China, and the construction of the “Seven Clouds” project was actively pursued, including investment, management, wealth, brokering, exchange, etc.
In 2015, the State Council proposed for the first time, “Supporting banks, securities, and insurance enterprises to implement a secure system architecture transformation and to explore the use of cloud services platforms for financial core operations.” This means that cloud computing is becoming regulatoryly recognized. In 2016, the permanent technology team began exploring the development of cloud-based platforms and tried to manage its own effectiveness.
In 2018, the company officially released jres 3.0 to fully meet the new generation of technology frameworks for the Internet cloud service architecture, to meet the needs of the entire business landscape in the financial sector, and to support the upgrading of corporate products to the Internet microservices architecture.In 2019, building on the original jres 3.0 technology platform, the functionality of the platform was further expanded and enriched.
New technologies, such as rpa, field modelling, low-codes, have been introduced to move the whole of the constant technology warehouse to the cloud, and all core business systems have completed the upgrading and upgrading of the cloud-based technology warehouse.
The business sector responded quickly to clients’ business needs in the form of fast and agile small-scale application microservices. In 2020, the autonomous financial digital infrastructure platform, “light”, was launched with elements such as nectar (jres), low-time (ldp), big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc., to meet the financial industry.
It can significantly reduce the cost of learning for developers in the financial sector, improve the efficiency and stability of financial development, and enable rapid innovation in financial operations. Based on the new generation of distributed micro-service technologies, companies launched new products in 2020:
o45: In September 2020, Hengsheng released a one-stop solution for asset management, o45 based on the development of a new generation of distributed micro-services platform light-jres.
Technically, o45 is based on a technologically advanced jres 3.0 technology platform, giving the entire platform greater flexibility and speed of response through core resources for technology hubs, data hubs, business hubs and backstages. On December 20, 20, 20, 2021, o45 was officially launched at the Huabel Fund.
uf3.0: As the new generation of securities company core business systems, the uf3.0 principle was designed to be “in the middle of users.”
uf3.0 completes the transition from the traditional soa architecture to the neutron mini-service architecture, with a specialized division of labour and deep decoupling of the operational subsystems.
It reduces the interface between services, reduces systemic risks, raises the sensitive 2.2 market share of service stability and demand response - constantly opening up customers through technology brand advantage - and keeps e-finance in the lead. The financial sector has the highest income and profile compared to domestic counterparts.
Figure 12: Income from the E-finance industry is higher than that of other companies (millions of yuan) and the collection data are 2021.
We've been collating our growing client base for almost a decade, and we've summarized the continuous process of increasing the share of the financial-it business market into three areas: 1) Broadening the scope of our business: as financial innovation and regulation continue to grow, the demand for new financial institutions is growing.
(b) Increase in the number of new clients: on the one hand, by expanding to new areas of business and rapidly seizing new markets; on the other hand, by expanding the number of financial institutions and rapidly establishing cooperation with new firms;
3) Friendship system replacement: with the branding effect that has accumulated over the years, it gradually replaced its original system. 23 years of recovery, 23 years of recovery for capital market enablers, 23 years of capital market enablers.
2.2.2 Root causes: The virtuous circle of technology and brand advantage 1) Technology is a core and persistent competitiveness that has been behind it for many years in research and development.1 The architecture of the three levels of R & D architecture was built. In 2017, Hesitancy began to build and improve the research, research and development system.
Research and development centres and business sector platforms have developed a three-tier research and development architecture. In 2016, the Hengsheng Institute was formally established, comprising high-level professionals from the industry, and is the pioneer of the constant frontier technology, which is responsible for research on cutting-edge and innovative applications of the fintech technology and covers cutting-edge technologies such as block chains, high-performance computing, big data, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, etc.
Research and development centres focus on technology platforms and bottom platforms, which create arresclud technology platforms that meet the full business landscape in the field of gold and provide a solid foundation for sustained technological innovation and research. Business sector platforms aim to build a middle-level financial sector that empowers the financial sector.
In terms of R & D inputs, the proportion of technicians in 2021 was as high as 65.1%, highlighting the nature of the technology-type companies. Figure 17: The share of R & D inputs in income is much higher than the industry average.
Figure 18: The proportion of R & D staff in the constant workforce is higher than the industry average 2) Comprehensive and integrated solutions in the context of financial innovation bring with them customer sticky and virtuous cycles under branding. As financial innovation progresses, financial institutions are enriched, and there is cross-cutting business between different financial institutions.
Over the years, and in particular since 2009, the corporate development model has evolved from one based solely on endogenous growth to one based on “internal growth with growth with growth with externalities”, thus continuously improving the business layout and product lines, providing comprehensive financial wealth management solutions for households and shaping the advantages of their full-size licences, contributing to their overall understanding of the industries.
Twenty-three years of recovery, capital market enablers, responding quickly to client needs, using combined comparative and synergetic advantages, building full barriers to competition through years of accumulated brand advantage, increasing the sticky and irreplaceable nature of products, and creating virtuous cycles.
In looking at the future, where the constant growth space comes from, we usually use the formula: market space = sales volume * sales unit price. In the area of financialit, we believe that the essence of this formula has not changed, and there is no doubt that the current stock market is already in the lead.
The position of sheep, where it is difficult to give a clear price, is primarily to explore the potential incremental space of the future, where it comes from, which will be an important basis for the growth of the future. For the financial int-b business, we have changed the formula slightly in its form, comparing sales in the int industry to those of downstream users, with prices similar to those of downstream users.
The extent to which downstream businesses will invest in it. For splits, we believe that the incremental space in this industry can be explored in four ways. 3.1 Substantive economic development leads to financial institutions, bringing in an increment of demand.
Growing growth has benefited from growing securities and the capital sector. Bonds, foundations, and major clients of companies have been growing in recent years. Despite the impact of capital markets on bond sales, there has been a significant overall improvement: public fund-raising, the number of private funds and the size of management in the fund sector have also grown rapidly.
To some extent, growth has been accompanied by growth in the securities and fund sectors.
The future will continue to benefit from the expansion of financial institutions driven by real economic growth. As the real economy continues to grow, so will the number of financial institutions that provide capital market services and the size of asset management.
3.2 Multi-layered capital market reforms continue on the road to address many of the needs of the capital market, and our capital markets are gradually being built. In the 1980s, stock trading counters were set up to cater for the demand for stock exchanges, addressing many of them, including small and medium-sized enterprises, private enterprises, etc.
Realistic needs, the opening of small and medium-sized panels, the creation of new three boards, and the creation of a multi-layered capital market system in 2021, consisting of a master board, a board of innovation, a board of start-ups, a new three-board board, and a regional equity trading centre. The main market is geared to providing financing and trading services to mature large enterprises;
It is oriented towards the world's technological frontier, towards the economic front, towards the country's vital needs, and it serves, inter alia, STI enterprises that are in line with national strategies, break through key core technologies, and have high market recognition:
(a) Deeper convergence of industries, new industries, new models, with greater emphasis on promoting innovation in traditional industries: The new three panels, which focus on institutional investment and high-net natural persons, are service innovation, entrepreneurship, growth-oriented small and medium-sized enterprises, and are then divided into basic layers and innovation, with a “turnboard” system.
In order to address the problem of insufficient mobility, and then to create a niche that attracts small, beautiful, high-quality enterprises: The idea built by the North Exchange is to transfer the base systems of the elite, with listed companies created by innovation companies.
(b) Regional equity trading centres, usually under the supervision of provincial people's governments, provide private markets for equity, bond transfers and financing services for enterprises in a given region.
Figure 27: The pyramids of our capital markets make up, we believe, that the essence of multi-level capital market construction is to address the realities of capital markets at different stages of development, which will be a process of continuous reform, each of which will mean business growth for financial institutions, and financial int.
The same is true of businesses. Capital markets, which are accompanied by different stages of development of a country’s economy, will move forward with new capital demands, and the initial establishment of our multi-layered capital market system will not be the end point, but an important milestone in the process. In contrast, in the United States, the multi-layered nature of its capital markets is present on the ground.
The segmentation of the external market, and the segmenting of the different segments of the exchange. Inner markets are made up of national and regional exchanges: off-site markets are richer and are divided into alternative trading systems ats, off-site market otc, special otc, and have some value in the direction of our capital market follow-up.
Industry needs to develop new products to support the new business landscape, thus generating a sustained increase in business. 3.3 In contrast to overseas, our financial institutions still have the potential to invest in it, and there is still more room for scientific and technological input from domestic financial institutions than from foreign financial institutions.
The annual average of the top10 investments abroad is 6.6% of operating income, compared to only 3.3% of operating income for the country’s top 10 dealers; 8.2%, 10.9%, and 10.9%, respectively, for the global commercial bank Morgan Chase and Citigroup in 2021; the average share of the inputs in the country’s six major lines is around 3%.
There is a wide gap in the amount of revenue that is already close to the foreign giants. As financial change deepens and the financial sector becomes more open, domestic financial institutions have to compete with foreign financial institutions, and financial and technological inputs must be constantly strengthened.
Figure 28: Global commercial banks vs state-owned inputs in 2021 (US$ 3.4, advanced financial technology, financial digitization reform became the most powerful of the times. Financial technology has gone through three stages of development and is now in the digital age. 2000-2010 is financial e-commerce.
The second phase, namely, the use of technology to replace manual labour, deals mainly with transactional issues; the second phase, finance for the application of networking technologies, deals mainly with the detection of information through technology, with a focus on delivery and linkages; and the third, the advent of financial digitization, with the replacement of technology by human brain work, focusing mainly on data processing and content disaggregation.
The solution is ultimately business decision-making, with a greater focus on pro-active initiatives.
Technology addresses the problem of information discovery, focusing on delivery and linkages, technical capabilities and results in mobile Internet, cloud computing, distributional computing, and technology plays a catalytic role in business development.
The technology is replaced by the human brain work, focusing mainly on data processing and content analysis, which solves the ultimate business decision-making problem and focuses more on proactive delivery. The technical skills and results are mainly in the form of big data, artificial intelligence, information distribution and delivery, and data security.
Enabling, separate technologies and operations are difficult to accomplish on their own, and more so, technology and business are mutually supportive of each other, and the process of spiralling financial digitization is the process of 23 years of recovery, capital market enablers.
Over the past few years, large data, artificial intelligence, block chains, cloud computing, 5g, vr, ar, margin computing, etc. Financial science and technology have played an important role in the digital transformation process, generating applications such as intellectual investment, smart trade, intelligence service, intelligence information, intellectual development, digital workforce, promoting efficiency gains in traditional business and leading the way.
Financial science and technology are moving forward. As a central force in changing the industry landscape over the next decade, intellectualization is gradually integrating into the financial core production system and mainstream business processes, facilitating the transformation of data resources into “data assetization, data operation, intelligent landscape”.
As intelligence moves forward, financial-it service providers will still have much to offer. Lake warehouse integration, data woven technology will further harmonize the control of business data assets.
Innovative integration of knowledge and depth of learning in the field will open up a new phase of financial universalization, scenario-driven database infrastructure, high-performance large-scale computations will be a necessity, and digital people will move to an interactive, essentially improved online service experience.
Overseas mapping: from ss&c to the many possibilities of survival, we believe that offshore capital markets and the software industry start earlier than we do, that they have some value for our companies on the path of development, and that in the case of the financial giants abroad, we have some insight into the future.
In the selection of the foreign giants, we refer to the global financial science and technology ranking of 2022 published by idc. The first two fis and fiserv started with bankit or focused more on providing it to banks, so we chose the third-highest ss&ctechnolgies, a United States multinational financial science and technology company, based in Windsor, Connecticut.
The financial sector provides software and software services. Companies have offices in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. 4.1 Emerging business boundaries widen, both permanent and ss&c cover almost all financial institutions, and ss&c is more diverse.
The solution for financial institutions, in addition to the medical care, property management, etc., is linked to the stage and extent of development of the financial system in different countries, and the emerging operational boundaries of sustainable services are expected to continue to expand as our financial system becomes richer and new things like pension finance develop.
4.2 The continuity of growth ss&c income is significantly larger than constant, and the overall growth rate for almost a decade has been comparable. In 2021, Camp ss&c was developed at a different stage from the regional distribution of income, or it was possible to verify the sustainability of constant growth.
Founded in 1986, Ss&c was able to maintain a substantially higher rate of growth than ever before, even in some years, which, we believe, is sufficient for the long-term growth attributes of the financialit track; ss&c's income from overseas is nearly 30 per cent, it's only around 4 per cent of life, while income from overseas for almost a decade or so has been substantial.
Upgrades, on the other hand, have increased international influence as the constant figure of fintech 100 has been raised, the 4.3 software service model of its overseas collection has been expanded, and the normalization of the low sales rates ss&c and the constant electronics are different in the software sales model.
1) More than 80% of the income of ss&c in the last four years comes from software services. The software service mode is that Saas provides services to users in the form of Internet browsers or webservices/web 2.0 programs, thus having typical Internet technology features; on the other hand, because saas has significantly reduced the time and space distance between users and saas providers.
This makes the marketing, delivery and delivery of Saas services very different from traditional software. 2) The business model of a permanent electronics model includes 1.0 and 2.0 models, gradually moving towards the 3.0 model. 1.0 The business model refers to the cost of an int management service; and the business model 3.0 is to provide technology connectivity for financial clients using the technology of an int platform.
At a late start, income from its innovative business subsidiary was relatively small in size and was still growing at a fast pace, with income still dominated by 1.0 operations.
The advantages of the software sales model result in lower sales costs for companies, and the rapid growth of a constant 2.0 business has been followed up, promising to maintain a low sales rate. The Saas business model is characterized by low initial one-time input from customers, strong customer sticky (data continuously accumulated, high conversion costs) and therefore low cost of customer access and maintenance, which is financially low.
This is reflected in the low cost of sales, which since 2013 represented only 7.3 per cent of the average income since 2016, accompanied by a steady growth in business of 2.0, with a declining sales cost rate of 8.5 per cent in 2020, a significant reduction in the gap between ss&c, and the fact that the current phase of innovation is still in rapid development, with the advantage of a low cost having a sustained strength.
Figure 39: Growing sales costs are higher than ss&c, but the gap is narrowing. 5. Improved current income-cost gap is expected to hit the end of 5.1: reaping the financial innovation and industrial policy dividend
In 2021, the Financial Letter was launched into the first millennium. According to the Institute’s estimates of outstanding cases of outstanding letters published by the Ministry of Trade and Communications and its subsidiary bodies, local credit commissions, etc., by the end of December 2021, the highest rate of success had been recorded in the political sphere and the financial sector, respectively.
Performance rates (Note: In the case of open letter start-ups, the proportion of cases in which the relevant industry has a real location is 57.01% and 29.55% of all cases, respectively). Financial innovation has become the most mature area of industry innovation, the most important one in 23 years of recovery, capital market enablers.
In 2019, Hengsheng was deployed as a multi-faceted financial asset. With his own experience with the overall solution of financial integrator, over two decades of programme service, he responded positively to the trend towards the creation of an integrated solution to the financial integrator called “Advisory Planning — Structural Design — Real Delivery — Post-Sales” for financial institutions such as securities, funds, futures, etc.
So far, more than 70 products under the Helium flag have been matched to the original and are expected to make a performance contribution in the future as they advance. The wave of innovations has started, eco-integrated development, industry has accelerated, and databases serve as the infrastructure for the information society.
The golden age of development has come about. In the context of the message, the IT database has come at an unprecedented time, with applications ranging from the Internet, government to deep-seated financial industries, and the migration routes to the databases of the various systems within financial institutions from the outside to the testing of the system, which has advanced to the replacement of the core business systems, with adaptation gradually moving into deep water.
Lightdb, which supports the financial innovation business scene, benefits from the current context. In 2021, a permanent database product was released, a good Lightdb business version was released, while a software and hardware platform test and certification were completed, and a new generation of teeming tas was launched to build a model of the message and be online at the first place in the Dong Oo stock.
According to the library, an integrated distributed database product that supports both online transactional processing and online analytical processing (hybridtransactionland analytical processing, htap) with horizontal expansion or shrinkage, high-intensity use, real-time htap, cloud-born distribution databases, compatibility with mysql8.0 protocol and mysql ecology
The high value of the light-db product, which combines the absolute advantages of the highest-level application area, provides the right accommodation and is expected to benefit fully from the creation drive:
(b) Distributional architecture: flexible expansion of distributed structures that provide a flexible capacity for financial business growth
Modern hardware integration: making full use of the advantages of modern hardware to achieve low delay and high throughput to achieve the same performance as local storage. sql high compatibility: compatible with mainstream ansisql syntax and features, application need not be modified or repaired
Change a small number of codes to move from oracle to light-db. htap architecture: provides a line, column and memory storage engine. Different applications can choose to run one or more engines at any time, satisfying users to solve them in a database at the same time.
oltp and olap issues. Smart database optimization: provision of topsql analysis, waiting for event analysis, sql improvement, index creation recommendations, examples and shared memory optimization recommendations, statistical information collection recommendations for databases, comprehensive coverage of database excellence
Eco-opening: Provides a wealth of peripheral tools, cloud management tables, redo log resolution interfaces, and synchronisers to mq, reis, and es. Users can also expand the lightdb core through plugin mechanisms, such as sql rewrite, custom audits, synchronization to redis.
In January 2023, China-China issued to voucher dealers a request for comments on the three-year plan to upgrade Internet and Information Security (2023-2025), encouraging qualified coupons to build a core system of information technology over the next three years and to upgrade the technology architecture of the core system.
The formal launch of the stock issue registration reform has resulted in an incremental demand for securitiesit. Companies have benefited from the securitiesit industry dividend, with a significant drop in 22q3 as a result of high staff and cost costs.
With a high increase, costs will gradually decline as products are replaced and scaled up, with a positive net cash flow in the 22q3 target and close to $300 million higher in the same quarter.
At the profit end, three quarters of the net return profit of 220 million yuan after deduction, the same year-to-day positive, the ring-to-be, the cost of labour is the main cost to the software company, and the continued investment is the weight of corporate innovation and new growth.
The increase in both benefits is in line with the rule of the cycle in which new products have a scale effect, from input to output to wider penetration, and the clear cost and profit trap that has emerged, with a new cycle of human effectiveness that will either begin.
As the information infrastructure gets online, it will help financial institutions to complete the transformation of cloud creation and delay, and it will also boost human effectiveness. The need to build the information technology cloud.
Cloud computing will be more integrated with the construction of credit. And, given the speciality of the financial sector, the sensitivity to transaction and data delays is extremely high, and low-duration hardware and software technology is particularly critical.
Issues such as integrated management and operation of hardware facilities are where cloud computing has its advantages. So, in the context of the financial field, the replacement of cloud platforms with low-time technology will be a key foundation for the future.
The transformation of a completely new distributed architecture, represented by core products such as uf3.0 and o45, is expected to fall quickly, thus contributing to a higher efficiency. The new generation of distributed architecture products speaks for themselves, and further splitting from the soa-coupled structure to micro-services enables more efficient development and communication.
Lower, faster response, and more time-sensitive development cycles that target clients’ needs can be reduced from month to day to hour, leading to cost savings and efficiency gains, thereby enhancing corporate effectiveness. E-commerce is a well-deserved leader in financial matters, with more than 20 years of technological and product-based development.
A strong, broad-based client base has built a deep moat within the industry, and will have the potential in the future against the backdrop of a multi-layered capital market reform, financial-digital reform, and the launch of a comprehensive registration system. The sustainability of its growth is confirmed by the foreign giants ss&c.
2) Unsatisfied roll-out of new products; 3) Inadequate progress in financial innovation; 4) Increased competition in the industry.
23 years of recovery, capital market enablers 23 years of recovery, capital market enablers
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.