A performance trap or present, a chance to embrace the message, a permanent electron (600570.sh) 27st of 2023.
• FIT leads, maintains a buy-in rating, the company is FIT leads, the product matrix is perfect, and there is a strong competitive advantage. Policy-driven financial innovation is accelerating, with more than 70 products from the company now ready to continue to benefit in the future.
In the third quarter of the year, corporate product promotion and on-site delivery were restored, corporate cost control was effective, corporate innovation accelerated, and future growth could be expected (i) based on Euro100 million think tanks, financial innovation was launched in two series of pilots in 2020 and 2021.
In 2022, the pilot agency is expected to produce 30% of the year’s expenditure on it, and in 2023 to complete the replacement of the general system’s financial, human, and so on. The current financial innovation is gradually expanding, deepening, and accelerating.
In 2020, the company invested tens of millions of dollars in the establishment of a letter-making laboratory and led the launch of the Financial Infrastructure Applications Innovation Alliance, which brings together multiple hardware and software manufacturers to match it. More than 70 products are currently under the company’s flag.
The company is expected to benefit fully as the financial innovation accelerates.
Third Quarter Performance Renovation, Promising Promising Promulgation: Cost and Cost Control, with a 3-quarter net profit of $221 million from non-motherhood, performance or present. Currently, the company has completed organizational upgrading, and its growth is expected to increase as long-term incentive plans land.
Financial Innovation continues, performance is expected to gradually release, and the future will continue to benefit from the development opportunities offered by Financial Innovation and Financial Innovation.
The scene is up-to-date corporate information report 1, financialsit, with a strong competitive advantage. The company is a financialsit leader, and the product matrix is perfect.
After many years of development, the company’s products have been continuously upgraded and branded as “o-series”, “uf-series” and “ta-series” brands have been firmly established.
Large Retailit and Big Capitalit are the company’s core business. In 2021, Big Retailit, Big Managerit’s share of income was equal to $21.11 million, 1.70 billion, or 38.4 per cent and 31.0 per cent respectively, contributing more than 50 per cent of the total, Māori Insurance Core and Infrastructureit revenue was $305 million (+881 per cent of the same) and Internet innovation revenue was $606 million (the same amount).
Compared to +15.76 per cent, non-financial operations of $127 million (year-on-year +31.05 per cent) have continued to show significant performance in the management of IT operations. Figure 3: Large retailing and major capital management maintain rapid growth of 1.1, focus on client experience, and respond quickly to demand
In 2017, the company launched the `u+' service platform, fully listening to client feedback. In 2017, the company officially launched `u+ action', `u' equals `user' and `u+' equals `optimal', and `u+ action' is a long-term initiative aimed at improving user health and creating user value. Specific activities include chute conferences, product optimization, specialized training.
Activities such as training, user circles, user manual optimization. For example, in 2017, at the first “Pops Conference”, companies received feedback totalling 160,000 words from 250 institutions on products such as o32, ta, uf2.0, which were based on feedback and introduced targeted optimization and improvement.
In 2022, the company ' s u+ service brand was upgraded completely. The service ranged from after-sales services, knowledge services, to group services, starting with digital services such as component distribution, api interfaces, and research and development online. The company 'u+ platform' established two-way channels of communication with clients, allowing full client feedback, while providing knowledge services and products
In 2021, the company introduced and initiated an ipd change that resulted in a significant improvement in the efficiency of delivery.
In 2021, the company introduced an ipd mechanism with the core idea of creating a process-based organization for R & D demand, testing delivery to end-of-sale end-of-sale end-of-sales and initiating a pilot in the Huambo Fund O45 project. Following the launch of the ipd change, the efficiency of corporate delivery improved significantly, resulting in a 9.6 per cent reduction in the annual contract delivery cycle in 2021.
Figure 7: In 2021, companies introduced and initiated ipd changes 1.2, ongoing R & D inputs, and product technology leads companies built up a three-tier R & D system.
The research and development of the platform is based on “nuclear, high, foundation” and its main tasks include core technology clearances, cutting-edge technology applications, and infrastructure development. The director of the Institute is Baek-seok, former Chief Engineer of the Shanghai Exchange, and has a strong technical background.
To corporate products, good feedback mechanisms have been put in place to sustain corporate technological leadership and competitiveness. Companies have continued to advance the “big center strategy” by developing their own light and jres technology platforms: (1)light platform is a mobile app R & D co-sponsored by the company’s R & D centre and subsidiary cloud win-win network
Paas technology center. Pure native app development code coupling is high, individual demand completion will affect the entire year of application, the company ' s open light technology platform, followed by the launch of the Lightdb distributed database, the Light Cloud platform, etc., and the technology continues to be upgraded.
(2) The jres platform is a suite of corporate financial enterprise-level applications development that modularizes generic codes to meet the rapid integration needs of business applications. After 10 years of evolution and development, the company released jres3.0 in 2018, managed by mixed cloud, application service development, development effectiveness, transport monitoring, digital operation V.
Platforms are made up and open to financial institutions and their partners, serving financial product development, corporate product technology, and rising international rankings. Corporate product technology leads the industry, bonds, investment management systems such as core trading systems, funds, banking integrated finance systems, etc.
At the same time, the company has been expanding its field of operations and expanding its leadership by acquiring mergers, establishing joint ventures, etc. The company's ranking in idcfintech has risen from 78th in 2008 to 24th in 2022, and the company's combined research and development investment has continued to increase. In 2017, the company set up a post-doctoral research workstation pilot with Zhejiang.
By the end of 2021, there were 6,065 research and development staff in companies, representing 45.6 per cent of the total workforce, and the expansion of research and development teams; in 2021 the cost of research and development in companies was 2,139 million yuan, representing 38.9 per cent of the income.
Figure 13: Continued expansion of the corporate research and development team Figure 14: Sustained growth of corporate R & D investment
Chairman, former Vice-President, Mr. Fan Jiu, Vice-President, Vice-President. (2) The new President, Mr. Fan Jiu, has been working since the graduation of Zhejiang University, has been responsible for the technical lines of corporate products, has been leading the breakthroughs in the development of the core system and key technologies, and has been the Managing Director and Director of Technology of the research and development centre of the company. (3) In addition, the new President,
One of the vice-presidents also included Baek-seok, former Chief Engineer of the Institute of Heung-sung, and Han Hae-Chung, Director General of Information Technology of the former Tian Hong Foundation, who is currently the company's chief strategy officer.
In the future, ownership of the R & D route will continue, and in the context of the IT revolution, technology is expected to make a sustained breakthrough, with a strong card position for the company ' s 1.3, the product ' s continuous turnover, and the company ' s product 's continuous upgrading with a card position.
With the rapid development of capital markets, corporate output has been continuously upgraded from s1.0 to s2.0, o3.0 (the database has been upgraded to oracle), and o3.2.
Products have also been extended to securities dealers, insurance, etc., and the scope of operations has continued to expand, opening up opportunities for growth. Because of the high cost of replacing a nuclear heart system, the latentness of its customers, and the strong advantages of a company’s cards, companies officially released a new generation of capital management systems, “o45” in 2020. o45 covered investment research, portfolio management, etc.
Investment transactions, risk compliance, fund management, operation of funds, valuation accounting, and disclosure of information are among the many business circles that support institutions such as public funds collection, securities dealers, insurance, trusts, banks, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Using the soa architecture, supported by a new distributional micro-service technology medium jres 3.0 architecture. o45 supports a full product, a full business, covering a variety of transactions within and outside the country.
Introduction of the finastra investment decision-making experience to help invest in management from how-to-buy to what-to-buy to auto-buy. Distributed, microservice architecture achieves different business decouplings. Distributed, i.e., different modules are deployed on different servers.
On the other hand, microservices divide large applications into small application modules with relatively separate functions. The distribution of microservices is more open and expanded, and innovation in systems architecture, coupling, system performance, system tolerance, interface openness, technology platforms, version management, business management, etc. can really be achieved.
Since the o32 system involves a large volume of business, a wide range of business, upgrading o45 involves the upgrading of the base structure and the development and re-engineering of numerous subsystems, and requires grinding and validation in accordance with the realities of the client, it is a pony from completion of the technology architecture to meeting actual business needs, to upgrading functionality, performance, experience of use, etc.
In practical terms, the switch from o32 to o45 requires companies and customers to work together to plan together and implement the pace of implementation of the different business modules according to demand.
(a) The Huabao Fund, an old client of the company ' s O32 system, signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation with the Huabao Foundation in 2019, which included the development of a new generation of core investment management platforms in their plans.
Multiple people, 27 versions of the edie version, officially online by the end of 2021, and the Huabel Fund became o45 at the top of the industry, and figure 16:45 was online at the Wallau Fund in December 2021.
The new generation of asset management systems in Hengsheng, 045 (2) Voltae securities: Huathai securities were the most heavily invested company in information technology in the securities industry, invested in 2021 at $2.34 billion, ranking first among 105 securities companies. In 2020, the company entered into a partnership with Huataire securities.
In 2021, some of the products were switched from o32 to o45, and a combination of o32 and o45 was achieved, and the Huatay securities became the first securities company to go up to line o45. In 2021, the other products of Huatay securities were transferred to o45, supporting business varieties such as stocks, futures, etc.; in 2022, o45 was completed.
A full-scale conversion of large account products. (3) National maritime securities: 2017, upgrade of national maritime securities to a permanent system of O32. In September 2022, the new CMSC cmc was fully online, and O32 command-end and commission-end wind-control compliance was comprehensive.
Disabled, completely switched to the new system, becoming the first customer in the major financial management industry to fully replace the O32 compliance module. Table 6:045 has been lined up at the Huabao Fund, Huatai Securities, State Sea Securities, and now o45 is lined up at the Wallau Fund, Huatai Securities, and State Sea Securities.
In the first half of the year 2022, a recurrent and external environmental impact of the epidemic was felt in the first half of the year.
The capital market was volatile, the securities industry as a whole was under pressure, and according to the performance disclosed by the listed securities companies, most companies registered negative growth in revenue and profits, with only China ' s Galaxy (+20.3 per cent), China ' s Xinjiang (+17.0 per cent), China ' s securities (+4.7 per cent) and East Wu ' s securities (+5.6 per cent) of the top 20 coupons.
Information technology (IT) investment in the securities sector: (1) The overall input is growing rapidly. According to the Chinese Securities Association, in 2021, IT investment in the securities industry amounted to 33.8 billion yuan, an increase of 28.7 per cent over the previous year.
Continue to promote the digital transformation of the securities sector. (2) The share of information-based inputs is on the rise. In 2021, the share of information technology (IT) inputs in the securities sector was 6.7 per cent, an increase of 5.1 percentage points from 2015, and the importance of information technology in the securities sector has continued to grow over the past few years.
Even in 2018, the equity sector experienced a contraction in the size of its revenues, but information technology (IT) investment continued to grow at a rapid rate.
In absolute terms, according to data from the Chinese Securities Association, in 2021, 105 securities companies invested an average of $322 million in information technology, with only 26 top-level companies invested above average, and information technology inputs became more visible. The top five producers of total inputs were Huatai securities (2.34 billion yuan), China Gold Company (1.86 billion yuan), and China Gold Company (1.86 billion yuan).
Sino-Chinese securities (1.74 billion yuan), Kyothai-Thai-Ann ($1.54 billion) and Merchant securities ($1.28 billion). In terms of relative value, the median share of information technology (IT) inputs by head-seller was 6.8 per cent, with the top five being Sino-Thai securities (9.9 per cent), Sino-Thai securities (9.8 per cent), Anshin securities (9.6 per cent), China-King companies (9.3 per cent),
In the short term, it is the infrastructure that underpins the operation of operations, besides the need for renewal and replacement, there is an additional demand for capital, sustained innovation in the market, and a certain rigidity of inputs. In the long run, capital market innovation, development and the continued deepening of financial science and technology will drive domestic investment in the IT, the epidemic is disturbing growth trends, and gold will grow.
According to domestic and foreign bond dealers, the foreign top10 coupons are nearly 20 times the national equivalent; for similar companies abroad, there is a potential room for growth in corporate income. 2.2. Financial innovation accelerates, and the company is expected to benefit fully.
The external environment continues to catalyze, and self-control is essential. In 2013, the US Prism Gate incident exposed cyber security concerns, and the country began to go to ioe. After the conflict in Russia and Russia, the US, Japan, the EU, etc. also imposed severe sanctions and export controls on Russia and Russia. Since July 2022, the US signed the Chip Act.
Dismantling equipment made of less than 14 nm-range chips, restricting the export of gpu chips, and with sustained stimulus from the external environment, ownership of key core technologies is essential. Creatures are driven by the "2+8" rhythm, and industry is beginning to accelerate development.
In 2006, the “nuclear high foundation” was launched, and the IT industry is in its infancy; in 2016, the Commission on Innovation in Information Technology Applications was established, and the concept of “intelligent” was formally introduced; in 2020, the IT community was officially launched, with the party-led political message gradually coming into play, and the financial innovation is about to accelerate its development.
The first pilot was launched in August 2020, with 47 pilot institutions, mainly two-chamber meetings, exchanges and head banks, insurance, and voucher dealers, demanding that basic hardware and software purchases account for 5 to 8 per cent of their out-of-it purchases.
In May of that year, the second series of pilots was launched, bringing the number of pilot agencies to 198, demanding that oa and mail systems be replaced with a full-scale shop, and that the general system begin to apply partially, requiring an input of no less than 15% of the year’s expenditure on IT. National production replacements for general systems such as finance, personnel, etc. were completed by the year.
Apart from the oa office system, securities companies have started matching core trading systems, business systems, etc. Companies are at the forefront of financial domestication. Companies have been exploring the path of financial intermediary domestication since 2000.
In 2000, the hscomsvr component server was launched, and in 2004 the financial base was officially launched as the domestic-led financial intermediate. In 2008, the company formally installed the financial intermediate to launch the financial base 2.0. After more than a decade of development, the middle was supported by major software specializations in a number of countries, moving towards financial domesticization.
The company's 70-plus products have been matched with innovative products and are expected to continue to benefit in the future. Accomplishment certification is at the heart of the message, with the company investing tens of millions of dollars to set up a credit lab in 2020 and spearheading the launch of an innovative alliance for financial infrastructure. The company unites multiple hardware and software manufacturers, adapts existing software architectures, and adapts to innovative infrastructure.
Compatibility has been completed with operational systems such as tiles, sealights, neptunium, unified letters, lightdb, databases such as Oceanbase, Poland, Orient, etc. and cloud products such as vinyls, Ali Clouds, etc. More than 70 products under the public flag have now been matched with credit-making, including uf3.0, ta systems, fast-track trading, capital.
Business systems, hosting valuation systems, and other core business systems. With the acceleration of financial innovation, companies are expected to increase their income. Since 2020, companies have increased their input into new products, increasing their costs, and compounding the effects of the epidemic, slowing the growth of corporate profits.
At the highest level, except for 2020, when the epidemic affected the country, the revenue budget targets were exceeded for the rest of the year. The cost forecast budget was the same as in 2021, with the company’s actual cost largely kept within the budget except in 2021.
Based on the company’s 2022 employee holding plan (draft), the participation in the plan includes 17 directors, supervisors, executives, and middle-level managers and cadres.
19.06 per cent, compared with 80.94 per cent for other employees.4 Landfalls are expected to fully stimulate the growth of the company.
In the context of the promotion of financial innovation policies and the continued investment of financial institutions, large retail and large-scale firms are leading the financial integrator, well-developed product matrices, and have significant competitive advantages. Policy-driven financial innovation is accelerating, with more than 70 products from companies now ready to benefit in the future.
Quarterly corporate product promotion and on-site delivery recovery have resulted in significant cost-control effects, with performance turning points or present performances. The lead company from the computer plate, Kimshan, Hiroshima, convinced that uniforms are comparable, is valued lower than the average of comparable companies and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Product diffusion is less than expected; portfolio IT input is less than expected; policy progress is less than expected.