Focusing on Industrial Internet, Building a New Engine for Performance Growth
Total operating income was about 11,759 million yuan, an increase of about 15.01 per cent over the same period; total profits were approximately 2,013 million, 35.92 per cent of which met market expectations.
\triangleright net return profits are growing steadily, automation and information continue to advance. This is accompanied by increased demands for integration, intelligence creation, intelligent operation, corporate automation, information, cloud services, etc.
The increase in the size of the income, the net profit from the return of the company grew by about 35.92% in 2021. In the same time, the group’s merger brought to the company not only a huge demand for steel information orders, but also to help the company to develop the data centre business map. In addition, idc and cloud services.
It has become the basis for the digital economy and the performance of the Treasure, and it is hoped that in the future the company’s second-growth curve will be opened. Deep-deep steel and steel information industry, with its full-scale innovation, has been pursuing a “smart” development strategy that responds positively to the development strategy of the country’s digital economy and empowers the workforce.
The Xln3plat industrial Internet platform, released in the year, successfully achieved cross-sectoral connectivity, operational agility, and data intelligence through the country’s first-ever digital maturity iomm excellence certification. According to the BMW official microsignal, by the end of 2021, xin3plat had covered 26 levels within the group.
Subsidiaries, with over 80 per cent coverage, over 4.28 million units of equipment covered by the platform, cloud-based software and industrial app7500+, microservice 46,000+, industrial model 6700+, service enterprise users 290,000+.
At the same time, the company helped to inform the multi-industry. In 2021, the company carried out a complete automated orbital traffic. Internet leaders operated an integrated surveillance solution for the first time on track 14 in Shanghai.
2. Bosin software (600845) Annual Report Review: Rapid Growth, November to help build the Smart Agricultural Clouds Platform in Rhoda County, Hubei Province, which, in conjunction with the efficiency gains, has achieved a record high performance
In the future, the company will continue to adhere to technological innovation and further expand its outreach to industrial Internet, large data centres, plc 3. 20 years of popular computer Treasure News software (600845).
Inputs in product development and promotion, and full-scale upgrading of robotic business capabilities have been innovative in the area of “cricket” challenges, enhancing their core competitiveness and building a large industrial base.
Investment proposals: companies as a pre-advertisement point for domestic steel information, industrial software, industrial Internet and idc, etc.: medium performance forecast, ongoing benefit idc+ informatization
Report & 20, Quarterly Review: Strong Growth, Benefit idc+ Informatization The steel industry is not integrating as fast as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.