\triangleright, according to a company announcement, in 2021 q4 received $4.354 billion, an increase of 14.20 per cent.
In the case of smart manufacturing, the company ploughs “intellectual manufacturing + industrial Internet,” from mes, rp, etc.
Industrial software such as bi has expanded to large plc in the metallurgical sector, where large plc thresholds are high and difficult, and the company, as the country's first-ever plc company, has amply demonstrated that it has reached domestic leadership in the areas of industrial control and intelligence, and that it will expand in a wide range of areas in the future; on the idc side.
Jiang Yingxi, the company is actively moving forward with the construction of major base rooms in Shanghai, China, China, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
\triangleright, after 10 years of research and development, the company has officially released large-scale plc products from the metallurgical industry, which we believe to be the publisher of the Treasure Plc product.
The market used to argue that corporate industrial software could not be valued for two main reasons: 1) the company relies mainly on the industry of precious weapons and steel, and the market believes that the market is homogeneous and that the market space has ceilings; 2) the company’s industrial software is mainly mes, bi, erp, etc., and the market-to-company workforce.
We believe that the release of the large plc product of the Treasure is equivalent to proof that the company has a leading position in the field of industrial/industrial software in the country, in two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is high: the large plc is very demanding for stability.
In addition to the technical difficulties, it is important to have customers willing to accept, and the share of the country's large plc market is largely in the hands of European and American companies like Siemens, Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, the average firm is not willing to change plc easily because of its business stability, and for the Treasure, the BMW is a natural customer for the development of the PBSplc product.
Ten years of testing has proven to be uniquely competitive; 2) the steel metallurgical industry has a high plc threshold: in all industries, the steel metallurgical industry has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and for the treasure letter, the ability to do the steel metallurgical industry plc means the power to expand across industries.
Evidence of the power of its own industrial software suggests that future companies are expanding in space, vertically, vertically, and horizontally across industries. We believe that the value of bovine intelligence manufacturing needs to be remodeled, and that future profit-plus valuations raise space.
The \triangleright company, relying on the largest steel complex in the country, is the leader of the domestic steel industry software. Since 2016, the steel industry has gradually recovered and overall profitability has continued to improve, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems; and
The pace of restructuring M&As is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BW and the prospect of continuous release of information and automation needs; in a “carbon neutral” context, steel companies are under tremendous pressure to upgrade their transformations, as well as the ability of steel companies to invest in capital and spend on industrial Internet adaptation and layout, opening up long-term space for industrial Internet operations.
A self-researched industrial Internet platform xin3platt was launched in January, while major data “5s” component development was advanced, with the completion of the iron-refined interconnection platform demonstration project (high furnace); and the establishment of the China Bianwu Institute for Research on the Internet and the China-China National Bianwu Data Centre at the beginning of 2021, as well as the joint office of Bo-Shun to coordinate the design of the BMW Internet framework and forward technology research and development companies.
Building on years of strong research and development power and professional experience in the steel industry in the field of industrial software, autonomous research and development of industrial Internet platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, with iplat and eplat as two wings, active construction of an industrial Internet biosphere in the steel industry opens up new growth paths and wider development space for future development.
\triangleright, where we report in depth on the Treasures software, "Long-term certainty value of the new capital dragon from three major expectations" clearly emphasizes that, in the light of the fact that it is not possible to use it as a tool, the idc has a unique capacity, a country's core location, and its potential for expansion.
Markets usually attribute the reasons for the success of the Treasure in idc to a single endowment of resources, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division's unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”. 1) Seen from resource endowments, companies have unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy consumption, etc.; 2) labour.
In terms of software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the city to be computerized in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives the company excellent cost control, robust maintenance, and a high-quality engine room.
It is highly recognized by Shanghai’s city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. The company’s strategic development approach is clear, and it insists on a self-building model that sustains a diversified range of high-quality clients on the front line, while at the same time developing a large customer base business with a strong potential for expansion and profitability.
\triangleright, a hard-tech leader of the scarce deep layout of the country, "Intelligent Manufacturing+Industrial Internet+idc Cloud Compute", has long-term certainty and a firm view of the long-term development space of the company. The company's net profit is expected to be 2,234 million in 2022-2023, respectively.
In January 2021, Idc built and bought less than expected, BMW reorganized and under-developed 5g, and joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the idc& Cloud computing industry.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, covering the communications & Internet industry, mainly in the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet, etc. Qui-yang, Master of Engineering, Software Engineering, Beijing University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, in the area of communication & Internet.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.