Rapid growth in performance and continuous strengthening of R & D innovation - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) Annual Report 2021: net profit increase of 35.92 per cent from year to year, increasing technological innovation capacity on a continuous basis
In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $11,759 million, an increase of 15.01 per cent over the previous year, of which $8,502 million was generated from software development and engineering services, $3,321 million from services outsourcing, income from systems integration, adherence to technological innovation, upgrading of the R & D system, and further expansion of the industrial Internet, large data centres, plc
Inputs from products, industrial robots, process models, green low-carbons, etc., focused on the “cricket” problem, with R & D costs of $1.290 billion, an increase of 29.60 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs of 10.97 per cent.
In 2021, the company advanced the construction of the 5-phase Treasure Windc project, continuously consolidated the Shanghai base and proceeded with an orderly annual list of projects to support the creation of new data centres using energy; insisted on the direction of focused regional planning, actively promoted the industrial layout of the perimeter of the first-line city, and established Hebei Boaing Company; and continued the implementation of Nanking, Wuhan, Maacon.
Market expansion at bases such as mountains; promotion of regional market development and strategic partnerships with external partners.
Dot, Distributed Cloud Structures, the cloud core one+ package digitally managed cloud services, network services, and maintenance services, and further speeded up the national node layout.
Continuous optimization of the industrial Internet architecture and publication of large-scale national plc products: rapid growth in performance, apparent increase in net profitability. 2021. Corporate plans to advance the development of components related to industrial Internet platforms continued year-on-year inland.
Data hubs, operations hubs, artificial intelligence hubs; planned development and pilot implementation of national production scada software for the metallurgical industry distribution; enhanced support of industrial Internet platforms for cross-industry, inter-air, inter-human interface integration and creation of smart-making 2.0 upgrades; completed information security
In order to break through the “cricket” of the metallurgical line control system, which has long depended on imports, the company combines the treasurer.
The industry Internet platform has launched an autonomous plc product that takes full advantage of demand, product, service and service advantages to advance the full scale and industrialization of autonomous and controlled high-end national production control systems.
With the release of large-scale plc products, the company has been working for years in industrial manufacturing, with a new growth void and a new coronary pneumonia epidemic recurring: the idc engine room is being built at a slower rate than expected: the steel industry is integrated and has a less-than-expected atmosphere; the industrial Internet business is not growing as expected; and the plc product is not spreading as much as expected.
Fig. 1: The author of the Bosin software for the last three years, pe-band, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.