\triangleright \triangleright \tweep \tweep \t\fffs \fs \fs \fs \fs \fs \fs \fs \fs \s \fs \s  \  \  \  \
According to the company announcement, in 2021, the company achieved $4.354 billion in revenue from q4 and an increase in the net return to the mother, as well as a higher rate of automation, informatization, and higher revenues from cloud services. In the two-carbon age, the company, as an information high technology provider and a national software provider under China’s flag, went further.
National strategies such as “New Capital”, “Industrial Chain Security”, “Autonomous Control”, etc., focus on key core technologies The challenge of national production to replace and decipher the industry's “cricket” has led to a sustained increase in R & D investment and a comprehensive push for the scaling up, industrialization and intellectualization of nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems.
In terms of informatics, automation, companies have expanded from industrial software such as mes, erp, bi to metallurgicals.
Practicing No.: $1500521010002 for large-scale plc enterprises, which has proved well that they have reached a level of domestic leadership in the fields of industrial control and intelligent manufacturing, while planning the development of a national production of scada software for the metallurgical industry throughout the year, and
Development of pilot applications, with wide scope for future expansion; in the area of the industrial Internet, corporate ownership, research and development of Cube platforms, development of relevant components of the industrial Internet platform, annual inland release of data center, operations center, artificial intelligence platform; in the area of idc, the company is actively moving forward
The construction of aircraft rooms at major bases such as Hai, Dawa, etc. The late reading of the new capital is long-term certainty.
According to the branch, the software development service received $8.502 billion in 2021, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the previous year.
In 2021, the system integration operation achieved a recovery of 129 million yuan, a decline of 39.40 per cent over the same period, a recovery of only 1.1 per cent, and a continuous increase in the share of non-future companies in recent years.
\triangleright ' s overall Māori rate rose to 32.52% in 2021, reflecting the continuous increase in the overall profitability of the company.
As a result of the continued optimization of the business structure, the Māori rate for software development has risen to 27.60%, compared to 3.88 percentage points, the annual Māori rate has risen to 46.72%, compared to 3.68 percentage points, reflecting the company’s competitive advantage in idc. In the future, as the company’s “soft-to-hard” integrated layout continues to grow for automation, informationization, industrial Internet.
The platform’s core intelligent manufacturing business will provide much room for greater growth in the Māori ratio of corporate software development, while, under a two-carbon policy, the scarcity of corporate core idc machinehouse resources is becoming increasingly evident and profitability is expected to increase. Operating cash flows are growing rapidly, and research and development investments are increasing.
\triangleright achieved a net operating cash flow of $1.928 billion in 2021, an increase of 25.68% over the same year, mainly due to the expansion of sales patterns and increased operating profits in the current year, reflecting good corporate performance.
At a faster pace, R & D costs in 2021 amounted to $1,290 million, an increase of 29.60% over the same year, mainly due to increased corporate investment in research and development, such as smart manufacturing, industrial Internet, and big data. Companies are constantly insisting on technological innovation, focusing on key core technological breakthroughs and autonomous controls, in the industrial Internet, large data centres, etc.
Pluc products, industrial robots, process models, green low-carbons, etc., have continued to invest heavily, focusing on the areas of artificial intelligence, data governance automation, digital twines, and in-depth research on the "iron industry brain" to create intelligence.
The strategy is to work with strategic clients on the national layout of the Treasure Cloudc industry. The potential for energy-saving reductions in data centre construction patterns, technology, standards, renewable energy use, etc., will be further explored to ensure the achievement of the “double carbon” target; the national layout of cloud computing will be accelerated; cloud and network depth will be advanced; and information will be further enhanced.
After 10 years of research and development, companies officially release large-scale plc products from the metallurgical industry, which we believe to be strategically important, meaning that the letters have gradually turned into smart-manufacturing champions.
The main reasons for the valuation of industrial software are twofold: 1) the company relies primarily on the BMW and steel industries, the market considers the market to be relatively homogeneous, and the market space has ceilings; 2) the company ' s industrial software is mainly mes, bi, erp, etc., and the market has industrial software capabilities.
The leading level, in terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is very high: large plc is very high for stability, it's important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, the share of large plc markets in the country is largely in the hands of European and American firms like Siemens, Schneider, the plc sector is relatively mature, and the average firm is business-stable.
Sex, unwillingness to easily replace plc. For the Treasure, it became a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product and, after 10 years of testing, created its unique competitive power; for the Steel Metallurgy industry, the plc threshold is high: in all industries, the steel metallurgical industry plc has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and for the Treasure, it is capable of doing so.
The steel metallurgical industry plc means that it has the power to expand across industries. The release of the large plc in the bovine industry is proof of the power of its own industrial software, the future company's “one-way” expansion of space, vertical expansion of product sequences, horizontal expansion across industries, and we believe that the value of the bovine intelligence manufacturing needs to be remodeled, and future profit-plus valuations raise space.
Industrial Internet operations continued to advance, benefiting from a “carbon neutral” strategic push \triangleright company, which is behind the country's largest steel group, leading the country's steel industry software, and the steel industry has been recovering since 2016.
The overall profitability has been continuously improved, enabling steel companies to adapt their old information and automated systems; while the pace of restructuring M&As is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, the need for informationization and automation is expected to continue to release; in a “carbon neutral” context, steel companies are under great pressure to upgrade their transformation and are also able to invest in capital.
Expenditure on industrial Internet adaptation and layout opens up long-term space for corporate industrial Internet operations. A self-researched industrial Internet platform xin3plat was released in the month, while the development of large-data "5s" components was advanced and the demonstration project of the Iron Smelting Interconnection Intellectual Control Platform was completed; and Bianwu established the China Bianwu Institute for Internet Research and China at the beginning of 2021.
Based on years of strong research and development power in the field of industrial software and professional experience in the steel industry, the company has developed autonomous industrial networking platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, with iplat and eplat as two wings, and has actively built an Internet biosphere for the steel industry.
New growth paths have opened up a wider development space for future development. In 2021, the Boshin industry Internet platform continued its entry into the “two-way” platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in ranking; the platform was awarded one of the first four companies in the country with the highest digital maturity iomm excellence certification, and the first five-star platform for the evaluation of the security capabilities of industrial Internet platforms.
Idc has a unique capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
In its depth report, " Long-term certainty value of new capital dragons from three major expectations " , we clearly stress that markets usually attribute the reasons for their success in idc to a single resource endowment, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division ' s unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of "resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities".
(b) In terms of industrial software capabilities, companies are the only ones in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprises in the market that have an information base in the idc field, automated full autonomous research and development)
Businesses, which give companies excellent cost-control, robust transportation capacity, with their hangars of high quality, are highly recognized by Shanghai city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. Corporate strategic development is clear, consistent with a self-building model, with sustained diversification of high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate outreach to large client base-based businesses and strong combinations.
The company's long-term success as a hard-tech leader in the scarce deep layout of the country's “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet + idc cloud computing”
Long-term certainty and firm interest in the long-term development of the company. The company’s net profits are expected to be 2,234 million idc in 2022-2024, less than expected, less than expected in the restructuring and acquisition of BMW, less than expected in the 5g years, and subsequently in China’s start-up securities, hiring securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering the idc and cloud computing industries in depth.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing, and the Internet. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.