Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre (CITE) has grown steadily, group integration has advanced profitability. On 8 March, the company released its annual performance report, which achieved revenue of $11,759 million in 2021 for the accounting period.
Resource integration advances, downstream demand is high, and profitability continues to grow. Company q4 quarter revenues of $4.354 billion, an increase of 14.19 per cent, and mother ' s net profit of $404 million, an increase of 21.69 per cent.
The growth in demand, such as smart operations, and the increase in the scale of corporate income from automation, information, cloud services, etc. 1. " High performance, intelligence manufacturing and cloud services continue to receive a net interest rate of 15.47 per cent a year, an increase of 1.81 pp per year.
idc location and advantages are significant, benefiting from business opportunities in the “East and West” sector.
It has increased, and continues to benefit from the Treasure Warfare Group. It is now in its fourth phase, with an over-achievement rate of 3. The Quarterly Report is over-expected, and it is recommended again that wisdom be created with 90% and profitability be maintained at the top of the industry. The idc layout runs from the long triangle to China, China, North, and so on.
According to the Treasure Software Program, the total size of the hangars is expected to reach 50,000 in 2023. Company 4. Wigent Manufacturing Transformation Industry, Idc Growth is based on the power of the Treasure Group, long-term benefits of resources such as land, water and electricity, and accelerated intelligent operation and intelligence.
The core industrial software is more competitive and there is a wide scope for market upgrading. Several priority projects have been successfully implemented during the accounting period.
At the end of 2021, the company had more than 80% Internet platform coverage, with over 4.28 million covers, 7500 + clouded software and industrial app 7000 +, 46,000 + micro-services, 6700 + industrial models, 17 industries with more than 50 solutions in 9 major areas, service enterprises
Users 290,000+. Further investments in industrial Internet, big data centres, plc products, research and development promotion, robotic operations are expected in 2022, focusing on the “cricket” problem and building core competitiveness.
The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected; the information-based expenditure in the steel industry is not as high as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment