With the release of its 2021st annual report on 28 March 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $11,759 million, an increase of 15.01 per cent over the same period, and a total profit of $2,013 million, an increase over the same period.
• Corporate software development and engineering services received approximately $8,502 million during the reporting period, an increase of 19.10 per cent over the same period, the Internet for industry, and the creation of a new engine for performance growth
The Māori rate was 27.60 per cent; services outsourcing received approximately RMB 3,121 million, an increase of 8.87 per cent over the same period.
\Triangleright \tangleright
In 2021, the company ' s software development and engineering services received about $8.502 billion, an increase of 19.10 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 27.60 per cent. The company, as an information high-tech company under the flag of the United States, has been working for years on iron and steel plates, providing technical support for the intellectual development of the BMW Group through an autonomous industrial Internet platform, and its parent subsidiary.
There is a high degree of inter-operability, and companies still account for a larger share of related subsidiary transactions. In 2021, companies traded 2,555 million yuan in associated subsidiary transactions, an increase of 11.72 per cent over the previous year, with a high-profile steel-cycle plate that boosted the company’s performance.
At the same time, in the context of the State Department-led restructuring of steel companies, the BMW Group has successfully completed the restructuring of the Too Steel Project to provide companies with a large amount of steel information order demand and to lay the groundwork for firm growth. In addition, in order to promote healthy growth in the steel industry, the company has planned a “carbon-neutral” green mission.
The asset management system, the carbon trading information platform programme and the establishment of a joint “double carbon” innovation laboratory, in collaboration with the Institute of Engineering and Research of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, have been effective in breaking technology and business by continuously optimizing the industrial Internet architecture, breaking the status quo of “cricket” and promoting full ownership.
In July 2021, the company launched a self-research of large-scale plc products to fully scale up and industrialize nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems by taking full advantage of demand, products and service excellence, resolving the technical problem of “crickets” in domestic industrial software: and simultaneously launching the "Men Robots" implementation plan.
The Bosin robotic cloud platform was developed to create an open, shared robotic equipment biosphere, connect robotics to industrial chains in the middle and downstream, and expand to other industrial areas; we predict that future companies will be expected to enter the country's plc manufacturer's first camp to resist the current high-presence overseas branding chamber.
Breaking through the bottlenecks infiltrated the plc market, and the \triangleright rate of \triangleright was 46.72 per cent, well above the industry average.
In October 2020, the company proposed to purchase 75.73 per cent of the shares of the Ma and Steel Group, the Ma and Steel Investment, the Foundation of Rocks, the Sosal Fund, and the Beijing Quadripartite Flying Margeco, by issuing a combination of general shares and cash payments.In 2021, the net profits of Flying Margeco amounted to $84.8569 million, which greatly facilitated the synergy of the company ' s idc operations.
Moreover, with the advent of the “East and West” policy, the release of industrial arithmetic needs limited to geography and resources will provide a greater demand increase for the idc market. In the future, companies will continue to expand the layout of the Idc plate to facilitate the building of the Treasure Cloud node and the interconnection of the cloud services node.
Investment Recommendations: 2022 is a critical period for the country to fully implement the 14th Five-Year Plan, with companies adhering to the service \triangleright national strategy to accelerate the development of mission-type products and to improve the overall industrialization of intelligence.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.