The company's operational layout of the equipment and materials is based on three semiconductor materials: silicon, sapphire, carbonated silicon. With regard to key equipment, the company has a fully automated crystal.
Growth equipment, crystal chip processing equipment, chip sorting and detection equipment, etc., are mainly directed at users in the photovoltage field and semiconductor areas. In material operations, the company sets carbonated silicon liners, sapphire a share of the circulation unit (million shares):
In the area of photovoltaic equipment, the company mainly supplies 210 large sizes of equipment, tcl of one of the silicon silicon tiles.
Market value in circulation (millions): The central ring is the most important customer. On the one hand, the company responded to the technological trends of the N-type, introducing a fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces based on the N-type, bringing superconducting magnetic field technology into the photovolt area and configuring it with open architecture.
User-programmable software defining process platforms to create competition for differentiated products; on the one hand, firms are closely aligned with the needs of large customers, with industry-wide chain layout of silicon end, battery end and component end equipment, increasing the company ' s ability to resist industry cycle risks.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company tied down large downstream customers, and initially worked with the depth of customers, including the tcl middle ring, which enabled the company to endorse the semiconductor, large silicone crystal growth equipment, and is now entering the supply chain system of multiple head silicone mills. At the same time, the company continues to operate in semiconductor silicone outreach, carbonization.
The development of core equipment, such as silicon expanses and chemical gas deposition cvd, is expected to continue to benefit from the alternative wave of semiconductor equipment production. The company is now fully covered and sold at the 8-12 inch crystal growth, slices, grinding, thinning, polishing, cvd, etc., and is based on advanced process development of 12 inches.
Equipment such as extension, lpcvd, and ald. The company's 6-inch carbonated silicon extension equipment has been sold in bulk and orders have grown rapidly, and has developed an internationally advanced 8-inch silicon-carbide outlet. The company is currently holding high orders. By the end of 23 years, the company had not completed its equipment orders.
28,258 million yuan, of which 3,274 million yuan (including taxes) were not ordered for semiconductor equipment, and the total amount of revenue currently released by the company upon completion of the order and confirmation of revenue from equipment in transit were significant material areas, with 6 inches and 8 inches of carbon silicon lined.
Downstream customers verify that they have delivered bulk orders. In the future, the company is expected to become a first-line supplier of carbonized silicon as the capacity rises to land and line well; in the core, the company’s gold lines are actively expanding, and the quartz is expected to continue to benefit from price increases under the wrong mix of supply and demand.
Since the company was listed, the average market-to-business performance ratio has been 29.3 x, and the current 24-year market performance ratio (7.29 x) is low in historical valuations. I am at risk of going up: higher demand for downstream equipment, faster than expected carbonated silicon, higher demand for core consumables.
1. Corporate profile: Long Crystal equipment tap, equipment plus materials double-wheel drive Company is a light-voltled single-crystal node that currently revolves around silicon, sapphire, and silicon carbonated semiconductor material layout key equipment and core consumption material. With regard to key control equipment, the company layouts fully automated crystal growth equipment, crystal chip processing equipment, chip fraction detection equipment, etc., and is mainly directed towards light voltage.
In the field of semiconductors, in addition to full coverage of 8 inches of crystal growth and processing equipment, 12 inches of long crystal equipment bulk sales and through extension of the industrial chain, thinning equipment, extension equipment, lpcvd equipment, ald equipment, etc. applied to 8-12 inches of crystal circle and seal end, and in the field of photovoltaics, in addition to silicone chain equipment, the company has developed a variety of equipment and production lines at the end of batteries and components.
In the material business, the company laid carbonated silicon liners, sapphires, and marched into the gold line, quartz, and other core consumption materials. In the area of silicon carbide, the company's 6-8 inches of carbonated silicon liners have been delivered in bulk. In the area of silicon, the company has successfully mastered the international lead 700 kg-class crystal growth technique: on the key consumables, the large-scale silicon has achieved a higher market share in semiconductors and photovoltaics, creating technology-differentiated carbon steel and
Tungsten wire has also achieved volume sales. Figure 1: Chrysotile power operation layout. Figure 3: Share of revenues per company line of operations (2023)
Figure 4: Changes in corporate Maori and net interest rates Figure 6: Changes in corporate cost rates Figure 7: Changes in corporate operating capacity
2- Photovoltaic equipment: Technological iterative trends + industry-wide chain layout increases the company ' s resilience to cyclical risks thanks to the benefits of high conversion efficiency and low temperature coefficients, n-silicon has become a definite trend in the development of photovolatile silicons. n cells have high run-in lifetimes and low efficiency decays, and therefore relatively p-cells have a higher potential for efficiency enhancement. n-type technical routes, topcon techniques
The technology is highly compatible with the existing perc production line, and the market share of large-size N batteries, represented by Topcon technology, is also rising rapidly. According to infolink data, at the end of 2023, the N silicon penetration rate was 54%, and it is expected that the 26-27 years p technology will be fully replaced by the N-type technology.
As the backbone of the country's long-crystal equipment, it mainly provides 210 dimensions of equipment, one of the silicon's two-dimensional tcls being the most important customers (50% of the 23-year sales), the integrated fabric's crystals, the crystals, the crystals, the crystals, and the photovolts of the new power, the doubles. The ring is in the lead in technological development and product layout in the N-silicon sector, with 75gw of the 210-sized product in mid-23 years.
By the end of 23, a demonstration line of 500 mwn topcon batteries had been produced in bulk trials and it was currently proposed to raise funds to build a 25gwtopcon battery project. The company responded to market needs by introducing a fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces based on type N products, bringing superconducting magnetic field technology into the photovolt field and resolving the n silicon.
The problem of concentricity in the production process. Meanwhile, the fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces has been configured with a user-programmable software definition process platform based on an open architecture, whereby clients can develop their own special process processes into specific modules that address their needs for solidified, confidential and process-differentiated competition for their own mature processes.
The company is closely tied to the needs of its large clients, and, in addition to the silicon end, crystals are equipped with core equipment for the entire industry chain at the end of the battery blade and component end. At the battery end, the company ' s layout-based equipment, such as pecvd, rpcvd, diffusion, fire-retrenching, single-cylinder multi-barrel ald and dry-cleaning, is ready for certification by mainstream industry manufacturers; at the assembly end, the whole-line supply capability of the stacking equipment line has been achieved and orders obtained.
3. Semiconductor equipment: Large silicon equipment acceleration, fast growth of orders for carbon silicon extension equipment Company tied down large downstream customers, initially working with clients such as the tcl centre ring, and was endorsed in the field of crystal growth equipment for semiconductor large silicon silicon silicon silicon, which is now in the supply chain system of multiple head silicone plants. Meanwhile, the company continues to expand in semiconductor silicon, carbonated silicon outreach, and chemistry.
Core equipment, such as gas phase deposition cvd, is expected to continue to benefit from the alternative wave of semiconductor equipment. The company is now fully covered and sold in the 8-12 inches of crystals growing, slices, grinding, thinning, polishing, cvd, etc., and has developed 12 inches of exterior, lpcvd and ald based on advanced processes.
With the expansion of new areas such as the ai, object networking, car electronics, and the combination of the crisis awareness generated by the overseas technology blockade, the domestic semiconductor silicon industry has opened up new opportunities. According to Frost Sullivan, China’s semiconductor silicon silicon output is expected to grow 24% more complexly in 2022-2027, far faster than the global semiconductor silicon silicon growth rate (5.6%).
12 inches of large silicon monthly output has been expanded from 300,000 at the end of 2022 to 600,000: 12 inches of large silicon production in the middle ring will be expanded to 600,000 per month on a basis of 300,000 silicon per month; and Xavier has initiated a two-phase project to build large silicon tablets, which will increase from 500,000 to 1 million per month in the post-partum period. The commons are expected to continue to benefit from the productivity expansion trends of downstream semiconductors.
In the area of carbonated silicon equipment, the company achieved bulk sales and fast-growing orders for 6 inches of silicon outreach equipment, of which 6 inches of double carbide Silicon outlay equipment achieved an international lead in output and operating costs: at the same time, the company developed an internationally advanced level of 8 inch single carbonated silicon outlay equipment, compatible with 6 and 8 inches of carbonized silicon outlay production, resolving the problems of control of temperature and flow-level uniformity in cavity design, etc.
Figure 13: The company’s semiconductor equipment industry chain layouts remain high on hand orders. By the end of 23 years, the company had not completed its equipment orders of $28,258 million, of which it had not completed its semiconductor equipment orders
32.74 billion yuan (including taxes) and the total amount of revenue currently released by companies pending the completion of orders and the recognition of equipment revenue in transit is significant.4 Materials: the scale is rapidly increasing and the second growth curve is beginning to shape The bottom line of silicon carbonide: the client base is deep, the capacity and the ability to climb up the slopes are expected to drive revenue to the ground
As new energy vehicles and photovoltaic converters have developed, third-generation semiconductor materials carbonated silicon have already played an important role in new energy sources, space and aviation, and defence force workers, by virtue of their characteristics such as high-shock penetration of electric fields, high saturation and electronic drift rates, high heat conductivity, high radiation resistance, etc. According to yole data, the global market for conductor carbonated silicone devices in 2028 is expected to reach $8.69 billion, and capr or capr in 2022-2028.
30.12%. In the conductive carbon silicon liner, the international head manufacturer walfspeed, rohm, etc. places the customer's focus in the direction of electric cars, and in the industrial and new energy sectors, there is some market space for domestic producers. The company has been setting up the carbonated silicon industry since 2017, focusing on the two main operations of carbon silicon linerators and carbonated silicon extension equipment.
The company’s 8-inch carbon silicon liner base has already been produced in bulk. The marginal losses of the 8-inch carbon silicon crystal circle are smaller than the 6-inch liner, and the production of single batch cores is more important to further reduce the cost of silicon carbide devices.
With advanced technology and improved services, the company has established good slogans in semiconductor equipment and materials, and it is expected to obtain more orders in the future with client accumulation. By the end of 23 March, the company had developed a 6-inch liner capacity of 5,000 pieces per month. In November 2023, the company launched a new carbonated silicon linerization project to plan the production of 250,000 6 inches per year and 50,000 8 inches of silicon lined material, accelerating the process of large-scale carbonated silicone base material.
Currently, the firm’s 6 inches and 8 inches of carbon silicon lining have been certified by downstream customers and has delivered bulk orders. In the future, the company is expected to join the single-line carbon silicon supplier level as demand continues to rise downstream, capacity is gradually falling and the bottom line is better.
In the area of quartz, the company is operating with a holding company of approximately 58 per cent of the stock through a holding company, the crystal fresh material, which is to be marketed separately. The crystal new material, which was established in 2017, currently has production bases in the interior, Ningxia, etc., producing 32-42 inches of large-scale quartz, and has layouts at semiconductor and photovoltaic levels to meet the customer's demand for different types of specification products.
In the first half of the year, the company was ranked first in China’s semiconductor, i.e., 24% of the city’s semiconductor, i.e., the company is expected to benefit from a full price increase in the wrong price of i.p. supply and demand.
In the middle of the quartz, it affects monocrystal growth quality, generally using imported quartz sands, which can now provide a large and stable supply of high-purity quartz sands overseas, including only the United States company Lupe Picco, Norway, the small size and size of our quartz fluids, the high impurities of pureness, the strain on environmental production and the accumulation of resources, which has led to a relative shortage of quartz and sands, and has led to a tight supply of quartz; on the one hand, the demand side of the day at present, on the one hand,
Two-thirds of the market share of semiconductor quartz remains in the hands of foreign manufacturers, considering the risk of overseas technology blockades, and domestic semiconductor silicon plants are in urgent need of domestic semiconductor quartz. On the other hand, the gradual replacement of p-type cells by cells in the photovoltaic industry has become a definite trend, with silicon-type n having a higher level of purity and demand for assistive materials, and therefore high-quality large-scale quartz is on the rise at the demand side.
The demand mismatch on the supply side led to a sharp increase in the price of quartz in 2023, and it is expected that the company will continue to benefit from the price hike in the demand side against a background of constant heat on the demand side. To ensure a stable supply and production of raw materials, the company has a long-term contract with suppliers such as the Norwegian Plateau and the U.S. Rupeco to lock in high-quality, pure stones.
At the same time, in response to the demand of downstream customers, the company’s ability to produce quartz has expanded steadily, reaching 205,000 annual capacity by the end of the year. Gradual release of capacity and good-rate climbs will also be reflected at the income end.
At the same time, the company has been actively expanding its production through Sun's new crystalline material, currently with 36 million km of annual production capacity, and has been actively promoting the Ningxia II expansion project. Both the company's carbon steel and tungsten lines are now being scaled up and sold in bulk.
Downstream demand is less than expected: investment in downstream customer industries slows down as a result of large excess capacity; industry competitive patterns deteriorate: photovoltaic equipment plants move towards equipment integration, which may affect the share of the corporate sector; new material development is less advanced than expected: silicon carbon is less advanced than expected and silicon device penetration is slow
Downstream equipment orders are over-expected: downstream customers start a new round of expansion planning, and equipment orders are over-expected. The silicon carbonization business is ahead of expectations: if the downfall of silicon carbonated material is significant, the downstream demand is strong, the firm’s carbonated silicon liner and extended equipment needs are driven; the core consumption demand is over-expected: the supply of quartz is consistently mismatched, the unit price continues to grow, and the company’s material business is growing rapidly.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.