Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry averages Shanghai Airport issued a performance flash announcement for 2016, with companies earning $6.95 billion in gross operating revenue for 2016, and the company's business income for 2016 is estimated to have been higher than expected.
The increase of 10.60 per cent over the same year; the realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased by $2.79 billion over the same year, supported a steady increase in business volume compared with expectations: in 2016, there was an increase of 9.8 per cent and 6.8 per cent, respectively, in passenger traffic at Pudong airport and aircraft landing and landing flights.
In the second half of 2016, there was no increase, and the base figure for 2015 was high, but the level of operations was better than expected at the beginning of the year. The continued low international oil prices, the willingness of airlines to operate, and the peak of flights in part of Pudong Airport, which reached 76 flights per hour, were accompanied by rising consumer consumption.
The steady growth in business volume is the basis for steady performance improvement. 1. The haze will dissipate, and now take off from the top - Shanghai Airport. Investment returns are growing faster and are expected to improve in the future: in 2016, companies will achieve 730 million investment returns.
2. Low Valuation, Strong Profiting, High Balance - Shanghai.
Release, expansion of the scope of operations and a return to the right track of performance; aviation oils without fear of oil price fluctuations, management assessment of growth-Shanghai airport. 2016.8.28 The correct response to international oil price fluctuations is well-run and is expected to continue to drive up performance.
4. Inner growth is strong, low-valued high yield is value-worthy High profitability, long-term valuation premium: (1) Shanghai Airport is more profitable due to high international line ratios, higher charges than domestic routes, and higher international passenger consumption capacity.
(A continued high growth in international routes, a new $160 million space rental fee for Disnival Aviation/year-on-year, with the associated transaction costs expected to be cancelled in 2017 and performance expected to grow at a faster rate than in 2016, at around 15 per cent.) (2) Shanghai Airport has a unique resource advantage.
In addition to the gradual release of the non-avigational area, which is the closest to the international leading airport business model, the company is expected to enjoy a valuation premium over the medium to long term.
I hope to promote a steady and higher growth in non-air revenue.
- Downside economic growth, demand for international routes is increasing at a slower rate than expected; aircraft are being subject to constant adverse weather conditions; surface traffic is being diverted from Shanghai air passenger operations, etc. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.