A new opportunity, a very successful hub building, and an industry research team.
The net profit of the mother was 2,792 million yuan, an increase of 10.28 per cent over the previous year.  Relatively low international oil prices and rising consumer consumption, with steadily rising performance: the company is expected to realize a total profit in 2016 and a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, respectively, is expected to be equal to the net profit of the company in 2016.
The maintenance of relatively low oil prices has led to a strong willingness on the part of airlines to fly, the Civil Aviation Authority’s time-to-resources market, and the deployment of some of the high-time flights at Pudong Airport following the reform, which has combined 76 sorties/hours and the continuous escalation of residential consumption, resulting in better overall market demand. Pudong Airport has been overcome.
Pressures such as inadequate resources, continued upgrading of security levels, and faster growth of business volume, better than expected at the beginning of the year, and steady improvement in corporate performance, resulted from stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months).
As one of the major factors affecting the cost of airline operations, the rise in oil prices will have a direct impact on the company’s profits. International oil prices have remained relatively low since 2014, and Shanghai Airport’s performance in 2016 has also benefited in part from low oil prices.
The continued upswing in oil stocks and the slowdown in the economies of major oil-consuming countries, such as the BRIC countries, remain a positive factor for aviation enterprises. The Shanghai airport saw 47999 aircraft landings in 2016, an increase of 6.83 per cent over the previous year; passengers swallowed them.
Sixty-six,622 million cases of throughput, an increase of 9.82 per cent over the same period, and 34.403 million tons of mail through, an increase of 5.04 per cent over the same period. The quality of services is among the highest in the world. In the first and second quarters of 2016, Pudong Airport aci measured a score of 4.99 points, ranking 3rd and 3rd out of 253 global airports, respectively.
The latest year’s operational data also shows that the company’s business indicators have increased considerably over the previous year, and therefore the overall business performance of the company has been more positive. The development of the hub has been well advanced, supporting a rapid increase in international passenger flows.
As of the first half of 2016, five additional international passenger carriers and six additional international passenger service points. As of the end of 2016, 107 Shanghai airports have opened 282 navigation points, with routes in the lead in the country and Asia.
East Airport, the main base airline, East Air, built a daily “four-by-four” flight wave; more than one quarter of the foreign flights have opened up international trans-shipment through Pudong Airport: Pudong Airport has 11.2% passenger transit, ranking first on the mainland. International passengers at the airport (no) throughout 2016
More than 40% of the population is already in the process of building hubs, building a network of routes that match the air silk route.
Advance hub construction and full network access built up the sea as a core hub, supported by Kunming, Xian, and a network of routes with Beijing as a hidden hub. Airport traffic is key to hub airport profitability, supported by large passenger flows, especially international passenger flows
In non-aerial operations, companies continue to develop their businesses and prepare their business resources for forward research, planning and development, exploring business development opportunities, and working to upgrade the public.
The company’s overall growth in business income has been driven by a steady increase in passenger flows through a combination of initiatives such as active promotion of various types of business projects, exploitation of the value of resources, various forms of promotional activities and brand optimization.
Renovation of the terminal was completed, resulting in a significant increase in the number of passengers. In the first half of 2016, the re-engineering of the terminal was completed and put into operation, the modified terminal t1 would have a more complete transit function, the flight transit efficiency would be significantly improved, and the passenger transit process would be followed for all categories of passengers.
In the first half of 2016, the number of passengers in the t1 terminal increased by 34% over the same period. In the first half of 2016, Pudong Airport consolidated its second-largest country in terms of passenger throughput.
The number of international and regional passengers continues to be the highest in the country, with more than 50% of incoming and outgoing passengers, and the consolidation of the highest air terminal status in the interior. At some hubs in the Asia-Pacific region, aircraft landings and traffic at Capital Airport increased by 2.2% and 3.5%, respectively, over the same period, and aircraft landings and passengers at Hong Kong Airport.
This represents an increase of 2.5 per cent and 5.1 per cent, respectively, of aircraft landings and passengers at White Cloud Airport, an increase of 4.7 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively, and of aircraft landings and passengers at Incheon Airport, an increase of 8.4 per cent and 13.9 per cent, respectively.
In keeping with the trend of international cooperation on a “one-way” basis, a new pattern of development has been created, our overseas investments have been increasing year by year, our overseas assets have been expanding, and our overseas tourism has flourished. By the end of 2016, our trade with the countries concerned on a “one-way” basis accounted for some of the total imports and exports.
1/4 Investments in over 50 offshore economic and trade cooperation zones, with over 8,000 contracted projects. In 2016, China reached 122 million trips abroad. In recent years, the civil aviation sector has played an important role in the rapid and efficient response to several emergency evacuations.
At present, our air transport is the second largest country in the world, with the civil aviation industry as a whole in terms of its strength, profitability and security, and all the country's major hub airports are a “one-way” priority.
The great development of the civil aviation industry provides a solid foundation for building the air silk road. Currently, the construction of the air silk road is being advanced around a “one-way” strategy, based on new openness, full-scale cooperation, and global participation, in an effort to build it that includes air manufacturing, aviation hubs, air transport, and aviation.
New developments in civil aviation are taking place in a comprehensive “outward” industry, such as maintenance, aviation and investment advice finance, but at present, the institutional barriers to civil aviation development have not been removed, and problems encountered in the development process have yet to be solved. For example, how to fundamentally change the way industry develops and how to address the rapidness of the process.
Development and resource bottlenecks, environmental protection conflicts, and how to integrate the development of airlines, airports, and air-control systems and other security systems. In the face of these problems and contradictions, it is important to insist on reform innovation, lead development, solve challenges with a reform approach, and focus on bringing about new breakthroughs in critical-sector reforms.
Domestic and international passenger flows have increased significantly, air and non-air revenue has grown steadily, and, benefiting from the continuing low levels of international oil prices, corporate performance is expected to continue to grow in 2017, with rapid increases in oil prices based on the decline in the volume of international travellers in 20 x.
Appendix: Company pb/pe and Profit Forecast Figure 4: Trends at Shanghai Airport pb Appendix: Corporate Financial Forecast Table
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 19 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.