Shanghai Airport (60009.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Production indicators continue to grow and master performance steadily improves: in 2016, companies benefited from 1) international oils
The combined effect of continuing low prices and the willingness of airlines to fly is strong; 2) the Civil Aviation Authority is constantly changing its resource market configuration, with 76 flights/hours of peak flights in part of Pudong Airport; 3) the population continues to experience rising costs, and the demand is generally positive.
1. Higher than expected volume of business, continued strong profitability — Shanghai aircraft plus production targets, still better than expected at the beginning of the year, with steady increases in main aviation revenue and a record of 35.1
The haze will dissipate and take off from the top - Shanghai Airport, the international hub is strong and commercial leasing is growing at an accelerated pace: in 2016, aviation operated at Pudong Airport.
3. " Low valuation, strong profitability, and balance of effort -- Shanghai alone, with 103 internal navigation points. 27.1 million international passengers (excluding areas) at airports, 14.7 per cent more than the previous year, or 41 per cent more, are important drivers of the flow.
4. Continued increase in the share of international routes, significant investment returns, and increased commercial space for the conversion of the t1 terminal, and high growth in commercial rental revenues, which recorded $2.09 billion in 2016, an increase of 14.6 per cent compared to the same period in 2015
5. " Strong built-in growth, low-valued high-yielding value " . Major cost increases to lower Māori ratio: labour costs, amortization costs and operating costs exceed 90 per cent of the company ' s costs.
Dollar, 11.1 per cent increase in the same year; 2) t1 conversion completed by the end of 2015, depreciation increased and amortization cost increased, resulting in an increase of 12.3 per cent to $3.81 billion in corporate operating costs over the same year, while the Māori ratio was Su Bo-hyang
Net interest rate on investment returns: In 2016, the company achieved 730 million yuan in investment returns, an increase of 19.9 per cent over the previous year, representing 20 per cent of operating profits, and higher investment returns contributed to net interest rates reaching Huangyang
On the positive side, the de Gaulle momentum was released and the scope expanded as a result of the conversion of the t1 terminal to service; aviation oils were not afraid of fluctuations in oil prices, and management responded positively to fluctuations in international oil prices and operated well and was expected to contribute to rising performance on a continuous basis.
▪ High profitability, long-term value premium: (1) Shanghai Airport is more profitable due to high international line occupancy, higher rates than domestic routes and high international passenger consumption capacity. In addition, Shanghai Airport is expected to bid for a new tax-free business agreement in 2019, with a projected significant increase in the rate of deductions, etc.
Good corporate profitability. (2) Shanghai airport has a unique resource advantage (juncture airport, international line, Disney, self-trade zone) and the non-flight area is gradually released, closest to the international leading airport business camp model, and is expected to enjoy an estimated premium over the medium to long term.
The company is rich in productivity, business growth is steady, international and regional lines are up to over 50%, and new areas of commerce are expected to contribute to a steady and higher growth in non-air revenue. With strong profitability, roe reached a low-growth economy in 2016, demand for international routes is increasing at a slower rate than expected; and aircraft are affected by persistent adverse weather conditions.
Accumulations and landings; surface traffic diversions from Shanghai air passenger operations, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.