The new ship-building cycle has been launched, and Chinese ships are leading the world for the core listed companies of the China Shipping Group, the main ships for repair, marine engineering, and mechanical and electrical equipment. The company holds the shares of Jiangnan for ship-building, off-shore Takahashi, Hiroshima International, and China.
Four major shipyards cover a wide range of areas, including civil-military ships. The beneficial ship market warms, with companies earning $38,592 million, or +0.96 per cent, from 1-3022 to +96 per cent.
On the demand side: the ship industry has recovered from a large cycle of expansion + replacement demand. The ship industry has recovered significantly in 2021 in a twenty-year cycle, with a new global ship booking of 36.5% of the number of new orders, but the value of new orders has increased.
In terms of replacement demand, the average age of the current large active fleet is close to 21.7 years, with the replacement cycle approaching.
At the end of the supply: the world’s capacity is largely clean, and the world is looking at China. As a result of the prolonged downturn in the pre-sea transport market, there is a steady decline in the number of active global shipbuilders.
According to the report, the number of active shipyards worldwide fell from 1014 in 2008 to 373 in 2022, and the three main indicators of shipbuilding now account for 50 per cent of the global shipbuilding market, with a growing concentration of domestic industries, with six shipbuilding enterprises entering the top 10 countries in 2022.
The company, as the leader of the shipbuilding industry, contributed to a high performance in 2023-2024 with a high volume of hand orders + lower cost. The company, as the leader of the industry, received a similar proportion of new orders and shipbuilding +27.7%/+14.6%: at the profit end, the shipboard price started at 5m21
Division high-value orders in 2021 are expected to translate into performance in 2023, while the cost of shipbuilding fluctuates in raw materials, currency fluctuations, new orders increase at a slower rate than expected, limited sales.
1.1. China ' s ships make the world ' s ships a long line of ships, covering the entire ship ' s industrial chain. The main operations include shipbuilding, ship repair, marine engineering, and electrical equipment. With regard to shipbuilding, the company covers all types of military ships, military auxiliary ships and bulk carriers, tankers, oil tankers, oil tankers, oil tankers, etc.
Container ships, large-scale cruise ships and various types of special-purpose vessels: ship repair operations include, inter alia, routine repairs and ship modifications of all types of ships, including bulk ships, container vessels, tankers, engineering vessels, scientific ships, marine engineering and other types of equipment: marine engineering includes products such as semi-submarine vessels, fpso, marine oil drilling platforms, etc.: mechanical and electrical equipment products, etc.
The company's ownership structure is clear and effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The company is listed as the company's platform for the central civil-military industry under the banner of the China Shipping Group.
4 holding companies, 100 per cent ownership in Jiangnan, 100 per cent ownership in Outer High Bridge, 100 per cent ownership in China, 55.64 per cent equity in Guang International, 3 participating companies, 31.63 per cent equity in China ' s diesel engines, 30.98 per cent equity in Huang Yuen and 49 per cent interest in Xiyang County.
After major asset restructurings, coupled with an upturn in the ship industry, corporate performance grew from year to year, reaching a record high of $4.16 billion in 2008 net return from the company to its parent. The ship industry, influenced by factors such as excess ship capacity and declining global trade demand after 2008, began to move into a downward cycle, with the company relying on sufficient hand orders to collect it in 2009-09.
After the company completed its acquisition of assets such as Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International in 2019, the size of the harvest entered into competition with the same industry, and the company transferred control of the China powered subsidiary, the China China China Ship Dynamics Group, and realized an investment gain of about $2.3 billion.
Euros, an increase of $1.20 billion in net profits attributable to listed companies, and the China-China Power Group is no longer included in the company’s consolidated statements. 1-3022 companies achieved business income of $38.59 billion, an increase of 0.96 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $1.46 billion.
Figure 4: Corporate net profits from the past year. The company ' s main revenue from ship repair and marine engineering, which accounts for more than 80 per cent of the company ' s main revenue, is sustained over the long term. According to the company ' s announcement, 1h22 ' s ship repair and marine engineering operations account for 84 per cent of the three major business structures.
The overall Māori rate for the main business has fluctuated considerably, and is clearly influenced by the ship-market cycle. The higher Māori rate for the company’s ship-building operations in 2016-2017 was mainly due to an increase in the United States dollar exchange rate, an increase in gross revenue from construction contracts, and an increase in Māori, along with a marked decline in the price of steel plates and a decrease in the cost of completing the ship.
The higher interest rate was mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate for ship repair operations, and after 2019 corporate hedging tools and projects did not account for current gains and losses, but were reflected in exchange gains and losses that had kept the Māori rate at around 10% in recent years. At the same time, the price of high-value ship orders for shipbuilding continued to decline, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to grow.
The sharp increase in the cost rate was mainly due to a significant increase in the interest rate and the devaluation of the renminbi, which resulted in a lower net interest rate for companies during the same period. In 2018, the company implemented marketized debt swaps, with a significant reduction in the average total amount of borrowing, a reduction in interest payments, and a significant reduction in financial costs, with the cost rate remaining relatively stable at a low level for the duration of the company.
Figure 7: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates (in %) Figure 8: Cost Ratios during Company Period (in %)
Maintained at over $50 billion. Corporate corporate cash flows began to show a net inflow in 2017, with corporate cash flows in the first three quarters of 2022 amounting to $4.780 billion, mainly as a result of lower receipts from subsidiaries for ship products on a year-on-year basis, and lower requirements for materials on a year-on-year basis than lower receipts on a year-on-year basis.
A leading business in the manufacturing of civilian and military ships, the four major shipbuilding companies, with strong characteristics in the shipbuilding industry, and its overall performance in relation to the overall situation during the last shipbuilding cycle, went through a period of up and down in the ship industry of more than two decades, and we have here a detailed review of the company's development history.
1) The company, formerly the Xiangdong Heavy Machine, has been engaged in ongoing R & D investment, expansion and stock restructuring since its listing. In 2005, a joint venture was launched with the China-China Group, the Sani Shipbuilding Company, to build diesel subsidiaries and introduce advanced diesel technology and management models. In 2006 it was transferred to the China-China Industrial Group for the construction of a modern ship chain system, company holding shares free of charge, and to the China-China Industrial Group.
After its completion, the China-China Industry Group held a direct share of 53.27 per cent of the Xiaodong Heavy Vehicle, which greatly enhanced the position of the Xiang-Tung Heavy Vehicle in the China-China Group. (2) In 2007, with a major recovery in the ship industry cycle, the company pursued opportunities to build ships by means of targeted and increased acquisitions of off-the-road bridges,
China’s private-boat companies, such as China’s Shenxi and Hong Kong, have been renamed China Ship Industry Limited. Through the first major asset reorganization, the framework of the industrial chain for the construction of “shipbuilding, ship repair, and support” of the civilian business has been established to serve as a platform for the marketing of the core private goods owners of the China Shipping Group.
3) In 2012 it began to be affected by the downswing of the ship industry, with companies transferring company shares, focusing on niche areas, and optimizing resource allocation in 2013-2018, such as long-swinging boats, Guangzhou boats, Guangxi Sea boats, Manhora, long-suppliers, etc. In 2016-2017, as a result of a decline in the international trade landscape, sustained losses in company performance triggered a retreat of city risk police
4) In 2019, China ' s Ship Industry Group injected civil-military assets into the company, such as Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International, to bring about the transformation of the ship ' s operations into a single civil-military loading platform. In the same year, the State Council approved the China Ship Industry Group and China.
The Ship Heavy Industries Group implemented a joint reorganization to form the China Ship Group, which acquired 50.42 per cent of the shares of Chinese ships indirectly controlled by the China Ship Group after its completion.5 In 2020, the China Ship Group held 100 per cent of the share in Chinese ship power, 51 per cent of the share in the China Ship Power Institute, and the China Ship Sani.
With 15% equity financing, Chinese ships co-financed the Chinese China China Power Group with 100% equity in the holding of the Tungdong crane. In 2022, the third major asset reorganization was carried out, the Chinese Power Group was transferred, and Chinese ships were transferred from control to participation in the Chinese Ship Power Group after the transaction was completed, holding 31.63%.
Figure 10: The company has developed for almost 20 years and has become a leading domestic shipbuilding company, with four major shipyards operating with a strong subsidiary covering the entire ship industry chain.
Construction, mega-containerships, eng vessels, special boats, etc.; offshore high-bridge construction is dominated by the construction of civilian ship products (dispers, container vessels and large tankers), large cruise ships and marine platforms; rehabilitation and modification of the ships in the main camp of Hiroshima International and China; and mechanical and electrical operations, in addition to the construction of the UTA auxiliary vessels, special ship types.
1. In recent years, Jiangnan has developed, designed and built a multi-type national strategy for the production of new products, public-service examination vessels, liquefied gas ships, container ships, rolling ships, chemical ships, and so on.
The only companies in the country with the full range of liquid gas ship R & D, design and construction capabilities, more than 20 types of autonomous high-value-added intellectual property rights (IPRs) that are represented by Gangnam LPG ships, container ships, Panama-type bulk ships, chemical ships, etc. are fully ordered and there are currently a number of strategic high-value defence products, cutting-edge research vessels, liquefied gas ships, and collections.
Loading vessels and other high-technology high-value-added products are under construction.