One-line brand, reloading and reloading.
It's the development, production and marketing of silicon, solar and solar cell cells, as well as the development, construction, operation, etc. of solar photovoltaic power plants. Battery tablets are the first in 2018, silicon in 2018, fifth in 2018, and components in 2019-2019, second in the Federation.
▪ The demand for photovoltaics has continued to grow, and brands and channels have increased the concentration of boost components: the photovoltaic industry has both clean and economic properties, the price of the industrial chain in 2019 brought about the opportunity in 2020, the domestic loading machine is expected to be 50gw+, and 100gw+ abroad.
With cleanness, parity, and low-priced economy, there is a lot of room for growth. From the spatial dimension, the photovoltaic industry is flowering from the central market to the local market. The component end is characterized by light assets and technology makes it difficult to become a front-loading barrier. The brand and channel are the core mounds of the component.
As the components shift to export-driven, the older modules have accumulated at the end of more than 10 years, with overseas channels covering a much higher number of competitors. A high proportion of exports add up to the high power of the components to produce small output, and the future market.
The core of brand channels protects the city, and there is a significant advantage in the integration of the industrial chain: 1) The company has been farming abroad for many years, and it is one of the first companies to have overseas production capabilities, with a wide distribution of overseas channels and a strong brand channel.
The company is a leading integrated company with 8.4gw silicon silicon production capacity, 7.3gw battery capacity and 8.1gw component capacity in late 2018, with an efficient perc 8.4gw capacity in 2019. Low-cost industrial chain integration + deep-farming brand premium, with high profitability.
Corporate control was excellent, the only component leader to maintain a positive business cash flow for 10 years, and roe is expected to continue to enjoy brand premiums in the future. A performance advance announcement was issued on that day, and net ownership of shareholders in listed companies is expected to be achieved throughout 2019.
The profits ranged from 940 million to 1.29 billion yuan, and the performance promise exceeded expectations. The company’s ability to return to a firm was rapidly expanded, and the near-term twist + the head 2.8gw silicon rod was put into production, and the future U-boat plans for 5gw batteries and 10gw components, with the ability to quickly release the support company’s performance into the fast track.
On November 07, 2019, the ACI bulletin entitled " On the sale and distribution of major corporate assets for the purchase of assets and the purchase of shares in the company "
Associated transactions were approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMS) for approval, and JSOC for listing the case. The main trading options were as follows: JSOC and JSOC ' s inter-state controllers signed the Major Assets Reorganization Intent Agreement, with the intention of acquiring 100% of JSOC ' s shareholding.
The new programme, which involves the sale of major assets and the distribution of shares for the purchase of assets at a cost of $7.5 billion, is divided into two components: (1) the sale of major assets: the sale of all assets and liabilities of the association to the Chinese construction industry, at a price of $1,272 million, corresponding to approximately 1.0 times pb over 18 years. (2) the issue of shares for the purchase of assets is intended to be made to Jing Taefu, China.
Electronics, Shenzhen Bo, Jinjun, Kring Ninghua, Jing Ninghua, Jing Jinning and Jing Dingning Fu, Ning Jinbona, to purchase 100 per cent of their combined share holdings of Jing O's solar energy, to issue 953 million shares, and to issue a price of $7.87 The trading company's equity structure has changed significantly, and the pre-trading equity structure has been rich and rich (36.39 per cent) and others.
When the transaction is completed, the listed companies will be stripped of all their mechanical and equipment operations, such as the previously less profitable bridging machines, and the listed companies' core assets will be converted into photovoltaic silicon, battery, assembly and power station assets of crystal solar energy, while the main battalion operations will be converted into photovoltaic silicon, battery, assembly development, production and marketing, and the operation of photovoltaic power stations.
After this transaction, crystal solar energy will acquire a share financing platform to further promote business development and expansion of production capacity.1.2 Integrated photovoluntellor heads, crystal solar energy, since its inception, has focused on the development, production and marketing of photovoltaic silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components.
Crystal Solar is a globally known manufacturer of high-performance photovoltaic products implementing an integrated industrial chain strategy, operating mainly in the development, production and marketing of silicon, solar and solar cell cells, as well as the opening, construction and operation of solar photovoltaic power stations, and the first Ministry of Industry and Informatics to comply with the regulatory conditions of the photovoltaic industry.
Enterprises. After many years of development, crystal solar energy has built vertically integrated vertical industrial chains and is at the forefront of multiple links. In the light-volt lead-runer scheme, crystal-leading solar energy performed excellently, with the first three groups of photo-volt-runners planning a total of 13.23% of the size of the components as at the end of 2018.
Capable batteries and components have consistently maintained industry leadership in terms of conversion efficiency, power, quality, etc., and are one of the core competitive features of the crystal Sun.
According to the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries, pv-tech, and pvinfolink, solar cell production was first in the industry in 2015, second in the industry in 2016, second in the industry in 2017, and second in the industry in 2018. By the end of 2018, solar crystals had 7.30gw in battery film production.
In terms of components, crystal solar energy has reached industry level second in its production year since 2012. By the end of 2018, crystal solar energy had component capacity of 8.18gw.
The company ' s solar component products are diversified to cover single crystals and advanced technologies. The company ' s solar component products consist mainly of half a piece of single crystal, whole of single crystal perc, two-sided, half-simple, and single-simple. The production capacity is highest at 410w, with conversion efficiency at 20.43 per cent.
1.3. High growth in corporate revenue and higher profitability. In 2018, the company collected $19.65 billion, an increase of zero per cent, and in 2019, the company expected $22.4 billion, an increase of 14 per cent, owing to the high percentage of sales of its components, the accumulation of which was the result of a high percentage of sales.
Sales continued to rise. Net corporate profits in 2018 were $750 million, a 67 per cent increase in the same year, and net corporate profits are projected for 2019, owing to changes in company production lines and a marked decline in component costs; Figure 6: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have steadily increased
The Māori rate is high for solar cell units and the Māori rate for photovoltaic power plants is high. Corporate revenue and Māori are mainly contributed by solar cell operations, with 91 per cent for 2019h and 88 per cent for Māori. In Māori cases, the Māori rate has risen steadily, with the Māori rate of 2019h rising to 68.6 per cent as a result of progressive investment recovery.
Māori rate for photovoltaic components has risen steadily, reaching 19.9 per cent for 2019h, and figure 7: Composition of corporate revenue (billions of dollars) Figure 9: Māori rate for the company ' s main business
Photovoltaic demand continued to grow, brands and channels helped boost the concentration of components at the core of 2.1. Global parities, the stars and seas, and photovoltaic industries with both clean and economic attributes are growing rapidly.
With the declining costs of photovoltaic power generation, global photovoltaic electricity consumption has declined rapidly from $0.36 million/kwh in 2010 to $0.1 million/kwh in 2017, a 72 per cent decline, the fastest-growing source of energy in all renewable energy types and the cheapest form of energy in most countries and regions of the globe.
Globally, national policies are also driving energy structural transformation under environmental pressures, such as global warming, energy-saving emission reductions, and the rapid growth of photovoltaics. By 2019, global photovoltaic installed capacity was projected to be 115gw, compared to 31% in a decade. More than 90 countries and areas with photovoltaics and more than 16 gw-level markets.
The Chinese market went through the 1818 531 policy of “strike brakes”; 19 price parity, bid policy change, policy delay, figure 12: China's new loading 27gw (gw) in 2019, figure 11: China's new loading cagr in the photovoltaic industry was as high as 31% in 2009-2019
China’s market will return to growth in 2020. In 20 years, China’s photovoltaic market will be the last year of subsidy, with a two-track transition for parity and competition projects.
The project has been extended to 2020h, and China’s new light-voltage installed aircraft is expected to reach 50gw in 2020, which is expected to lead to a strong recovery. The foreign market, with its 20% price reduction in 2019, has exceeded its historical average, and the year’s global light-voltage aircraft is expected to outpace 150gw, an increase of 30%.
Time dimensions, photovoltaic industries, stars and seas. With further reductions in the cost of photovoltaic products and improvements in non-technical output, a combination of environmental externalities for clean energy, affordable and inherently economics, and future applications of innovative scenarios such as bipv, car-borne and wearable -- the photovoltage industry with multiple attributes will grow in space.
Space dimensions, the global photovoltaic industry from concentrated markets to all over the world. Until 2012, Europe ' s market was single and prosperous, accounting for 85.3%; between 2013 and 2017, Europe ' s recession made China ' s market the main anchor of global light voltage, accounting for 53.3%; and between 2018 and 2019, China ' s 531 New Deal was affected by a fall in loading machines, foreign demand erupted, and new demand erupted.
Markets are rising, and there is a proliferation of flowers. 2.2. Component growth is strong, but competition patterns are fragmented. Global component capacity and output are growing at a high rate and industry is growing.
Industry patterns are more fragmented, and there is room for greater concentration. In terms of industry patterns, the current pattern is more fragmented.
The annual head of the industry accounted for the following: Crystal (13 per cent), Triangular (10 per cent), Triangular (9 per cent), Lungi Leaf (8 per cent), Attez (7 per cent), Hanhua (6 per cent), East Day rise (5 per cent), Convergence (4 per cent).
The component ends are characterized by light assets, and the trend towards light assetization is becoming more pronounced. From a comparison of the four segments of the photovoltaic industry, the portfolio w invested only $0.15 and depreciated only 1 per cent of the cost, the asset turnover rate was as high as 11.5, the light asset base, 10,000, and the price of light-lined products was further driven by a sharp annual drop in production line investment and a trend towards light assetization in the industry.
Table 4: Total investment in some photovoltaic component projects in 2010-2019 The technical complexity of the components is low and the technology makes it difficult to act as a barrier to the components. At the end of the technology, the new technology at the end of the year is actually to reduce the loss or increase the amount of power generated per unit by a range of physical methods.
It is easy to replicate new technologies between them, with the least technological content in the four links of the photovoltaic industry chain, and without technology to establish the status of a leader. The component is gradually shifting to a sales drive, and the brand and channel are the cores' absolute moats.
In the second half of 2018, domestic sales in Chinese component manufacturers have been weak, and there has been a shift in the capacity of the assembly to foreign countries, with the component gradually shifting to a sales drive. The old module’s head began to be laid abroad early, and in the last five years it has received almost 50% of the revenue abroad. In terms of the number of countries covered by overseas channels, the number of channels and the number of customers installed,
It's a long-term process, so brands and channels are a group.
2.4. Industry is clearly divided, market shares are concentrated in the future, industry is clearly divided, and a high percentage of exports add up to the high power of component exports is conducive to small-scale production.
Atrocities and an outbreak of overseas demand, the number of components exported after 531 surged from 43 per cent in 2015 to 73 per cent in 2019; at the same time, the trend in components exported by industry is towards increasing power and better R & D capabilities, leading firms. The combination of two factors is double for small offshore-channel plants with weak R & D capabilities.
In January-December 2018, as reflected in microdata, the capacity utilization rate was only about 40 per cent for 38 enterprises with an annual capacity of <1gw, about 60 per cent for 9 enterprises with an annual capacity of 1 to 2gw, about 75 per cent for 10 enterprises with an annual capacity of more than 2gw, and nearly 100 per cent for the top four.
The ability of the strong to produce is a bottleneck, and the capacity of the weak to channel is a bottleneck. Low-capacity utilization and high-power export trends favour small capacity, which in the future is destined to be a substitute or to be eliminated.
In 2018, China’s polycrystal silicon, silicon, battery, and component enterprises were operating with average net interest rates of only 2.7%, 0.9%, 5.7%, and 1.6%, respectively.
The former component end industry has a low concentration of only about 25%,cr 5 about 36%,cr 10 about 54%, and the leader, with stable overseas channels and brand power, is expected to take advantage of small business cakes to boost market share. The core of brand channels protects the city river, and the industrial chain has a significant advantage.
3.1. Brand channels have a significant advantage, looking at future distribution of photovoltaic c-ends, where companies have been farming abroad for many years, and are among the first companies to have overseas production and distribution capabilities. Companies began to do so 10 years ago. Overseas markets, with more than 50% of overseas receipts, have continued to grow. Companies are the first to do so.
The construction of 1.5gw silicon and battery silicon production capacity in Viet Nam began in the year, and the conversion of the silicon production capacity in Viet Nam in 2019 is expected to further strengthen the control of overseas markets.
The company has a wide range of overseas channels, many of which have been installed, and a significant brand advantage. Thanks to the company’s intensive farming abroad for many years, overseas channels have been widely distributed, with 50 overseas channels covering the country, with 193 outlets well above the number of other component manufacturers listed on a stock market.
The company's channel and brand advantage have helped to boost its overseas market share, the company's distribution of photovoltaic lcoe is already below the power of fire, and the potential for future distribution of photovoltaic machines is high. The distribution of photovoltaics is effective, and the cost of land has been significantly reduced with idle roof space. cpia calculates the investment in the distributional photovoltaic system for 2018-2023.
The annual lcoe of 0.40/0.36/0.34/032/0.31/30 is already below the domestic average cost of light voltage lcoe in 2019. China’s distribution of light voltage has grown rapidly, with the distribution of light voltage accumulated in 2018 and the grid has grown to 50.6gw and is currently growing at a high rate.
530gw, with high potential for the future. Figure 39: China ' s distributed photovoltaic net capacity is rapidly increasing. Figure 40:ia predicts distributional photovoltaic aggregates of 530gw in 2024
Distributed light voltage c-ends are strong, looking at the company's future distribution of light voltage. Splitting out the distributed light voltage structure, iea predicts that future industrial and commercial use of distributed photovoltaics is the backbone of distributed photovoltaics. Business and industry use distributed photovoltaics often do not require bidding, consumers buy directly, have strong c-end attributes, and light with brand and channel advantages.
The company is expected to capture its market share and look forward to the company’s future distribution of photovoltaics. 3.2. Industrial chain integration + deep-farming overseas brand premiums, resulting in a company’s high Māori ratio, which is an integrated photovoltaic manufacturing enterprise with a high capacity utilization rate.
The camp area already covers essentially the whole industry chain, from silicon sticks to components that are largely self-sufficient to capture the maximum profit from the industrial chain. In 2018, the company owned 6772mv, with 90 per cent capacity utilization; silicon production capacity, 8398mv, with 94 per cent capacity utilization; battery capacity, 7297mv, with 99 per cent capacity utilization; and component capacity, 8141mv, with 92 per cent capacity utilization.
The company is expected to have an efficient perc production capacity of 8.4gw in 2019, which is nearly double that of 2018. The company is the leader of integration, with a production self-sufficiency rate higher than the industry average. The company and the crystallized three-point production chain leads, ranking in silicon, battery, and assembly levels 5th, 1st and 2nd, respectively.
7.3gw, component production capacity of 8.16gw, with a self-sufficiency rate of 89%, higher than the average of 76% in the first-line plant. The company ' s high Māori rate is due to low-cost industrial chain integration + deep-farming brand premium.
The cost per unit is $1.85/8.881.1.80 for the GLOC, $1.80.34/0.41/0.27 for the GLID, $1.81.8 for the GLCOM, and $0.00.34/0.27 for the GLN. The low cost of the company is due to the integration of the production chain, with all links leading, and very high self-sufficiency controls.
Two factors add up to the Māori ratio of their counterparts. Figure 51: Crystal Australasia component w Māori is higher than their counterparts ($/w)
Figure 52: Corporate Māori ratio is higher than that of a corporate partner 3.3. Stable intra-corporately controlled industry leader
It created a cash flow of $11.54 billion. Under a triple cycle of policy, technology, and productive capacity in the photovoltaic sector, the industry was up and down, with the company being the only one to maintain a positive cash flow for 10 years, creating a cash flow of $11.54 billion for shareholders and a cash flow for shareholders.
(jaso.o) Financial data; Korea 2018 data missing excellent operating capability, excellent roe.
(a) Intra-industry first-class levels, with a business cycle of only 129 days in 2018; horizontally, 149 days for Hanhua, 173 days for East, 182 days for Crystal, 217 days for Skyline, 170 days for a long-term average; vertically, 129 days and 122 days for 2016 and 2017, respectively, with industrial cycle fluctuations but stable and excellent company performance;
The net interest rate on sales in 2018 was 4% higher than the industry level, thanks to vertical integration of the production chain, which ironed the company’s profit-making cycle. The total asset turnover rate of 0.89 in 2018, higher than the other dragons, showed that corporate leverage was reasonable.
Companies are expected to enjoy brand premiums in the future. The quality of photovoltaic products is usually long, 25 years of linear power, 10 years of component quality, 5 years of inverter quality, and 10 years of other materials quality assurance. Given the high rate of phase-out in the photovoltaic industry, it is considered that the quality of the products should be longer than the company’s life, and customers tend to buy them in good quality and branded publics.
As a well-controlled and highly qualitative firm within the industry, Jingtao is expected to enjoy a higher brand premium in the future. The former shareholders of Jingtao solar energy promised that the company’s net profit of non-repatriation in 2019-2020/2011 would be no less than a firm’s major shareholder’s confidence in performance growth.
On January 22, 2020, the company issued an advance notice of its performance, which is expected to become part of the listed company by the year 2019. The company’s performance went into the fast track.
1.6 gw single crystal silicon rods were put into production. In January 2020, a framework agreement was signed with the Zhejiang Yiu Information Photovoltaic and New Technologies Industrial Park Management Board for investment in the construction of 5gw batteries and 10gw components, with a total investment of $6.6 billion, with a project construction cycle expected to last four years.
(1) Solar component operations: taking into account the company ' s solar component production capacity at a cost of 0.45/0.32/028/w per annum, respectively, as disclosed, assuming that the solar component operations are expected to be collected separately in 19/20/21, returning to a share, with full access to financing, adding to the capacity, 20, 21 years of performance reflecting the firm ' s real profitability; and
In 18-19, the city became the second-largest in the world, with strong brands and channels, and should enjoy a physical layout. Future financing channels will expand and performance will grow rapidly, giving companies a year to 2020 1) and competition will increase.
2. The impact on the profitability of companies. 2) Photovoltaic policy changes are expected. Since 2014, the country has introduced a series of incentives to support the development of the photovoltaic industry, which is still in need of government subsidy policy support, and if subsidies fall too fast in the future, the profit margin of the photovoltaic industry will be reduced.
This has affected the performance of the company.3 Overseas expansion has fallen short of expectations: the company ' s share of overseas operations is over 50 per cent, it is affected by geopolitical, economic and other influences across the country, and the growth of overseas sales is uncertain, thus affecting the company ' s performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board