Vertically integrated photovoluntage heads, privatization backa to start a new journey -- for the first time, Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) covered the old photovoluntage head and returned to the market with a shell.
Chrysotor is the old photovolunteer, founded in 2005 and listed in Nazdak in 2007. The Camp is a photovoltage assembly, and has successfully built a vertically integrated industrial chain from silicon to battery to assembly, with the component delivery ranked second in the world for the second year in a row, 2018-2019. When the shell is on the market, the company will take on new developments.
Opportunities, in terms of financing capacity, branding, talent, etc., have been rising to a new fast track for development. The luminous growth cycle has opened, and the concentration of components is expected to increase further.
By 2020, the world’s new installed aircraft is expected to be on the 150gw level, at more than 30% of the same time. Components are a key component of photovoltaic power stations, and the future market prospects are wide.
• The global backbone of the components, with vertical integration leading to a full technological and cost advantage, is the global hub of the photovoltaic component, with the second-largest delivery of the components in the world for two consecutive years. The company successfully transformed itself into an integrated battery assembly manufacturer with a complete product ranging from silicon to batteries to components.
Vertical integration brings a full technological and cost advantage to the company. Companies are in the forefront of the industry in perc battery technology, secondary printing, silicon silicon sulfide, and product parameter indicators are at the forefront of the industry. Integration brings with it huge costs.
The advantage is that the Māori rate of company ownership is around 20 per cent, leading the industry.a Stock market, opening up a new path to development.
• Endowing the market with weak financing, and placing the stock market in Jing Xao will provide a solid basis for future development, and the company will be fully engaged in a new process of development. • First-time coverage will be given a “strongly recommended” rating
(a) The company ' s net profit margin in 2019 was 940 million yuan-1.29 billion yuan, which is a steady increase over the previous year ' s preparation for the mother ' s net profit 1. Photovoltaic new loaders;
We differ from the market, where some argue that the components are too low in profitability and barriers, and we analyse that companies are the champions of vertical integration, and that they are significantly more profitable than single-line manufacturers.
Global layout, market, brand, and technology advantages are evident, and expansion is expected to accelerate further once shares are marketed, and competitiveness will increase in the future.
The total demand for photovoltaics is not as high as expected; increased competition has led to higher than expected price declines. 1, the old vertical integration pole, privatization back to a listing, 1.1, the central overview, and privatization followed by the Shell Sky Cooperation.
In 2007, it was listed in NASDAQ, the United States, and in July 2018, it was privatized from NASDAQ, preparing to enter the military stock. As a classic vertically integrated light-voltage pole, the crystal solar energy industry chain covers silicon, battery, assembly, etc., in more than 100 countries and territories around the world.
On July 23, 2018, the Sunshine Solar Controls Pavon and the TCI signed this asset reorganization for formal endorsement by the CSRC. On December 13, 2019, the CSI officially withdrew from NASDAQ.
The deal is made up of two components: the sale of major assets: Asociación Acidón sold its entire assets and liabilities to the Chinese construction industry at $1.272 billion.
Shares in the purchase of assets: WFTS intends to purchase 100% of the combined share of the Xinbo solar energy held by Xing Taefu, Xinjiang, Shenzhen Bo, Xing Jun, Xing, Xing Ning, Xing Ning and Jing, Xing Dingningfo, Ning Jinbona, at a trading price of 7.5 billion yuan.
After the transaction was completed, the controlling shareholder of the listed company changed to Jing Taefu, and the actual controlling person changed to Jing Taifu. Peng holds 95% of Jing Taifu, Jing Taifu 59.71% of Jing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing, and Jing Xiao Xing indirectly holds Jing Xing Xing Xing.
Figure 1: Comparison of pre- and post-trading equity structures
Under a sub-reorganization, the listed company would hold 100 per cent of the share of crystal solar energy, which would operate mainly in the development, production and sale of silicon, solar cell and solar cell components, as well as in the development, construction, transport, transportation of solar photovoltaic power plants. 1.2, crystal solar energy would be the old photovoluntage head, the main solar cell assembly.
Crystal Solar is a vertically integrated photovoluntage. It was established in 2005 and is currently one of the leading companies in the photovoltaic industry that coordinates the industrial chain, covering silicone, solar battery, solar cell assemblies, and photovoltaic plants.
Data, company ranking in 2018 for silicon chain industry V, battery chain industry I, component chain industry Figure 2: Photovoltaic industrial chains and solar crystals sector of operations, with solar cell components in the main camp, second in volume for the second year in a row in 2018-2019. Component operations in 2018
Several countries and regions, such as Buo-American, Japan, India, South-East Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa, have experienced a slight decline in the annual sales of corporate components, mainly in the context of the impact of the “531” policy in 2018 and the high Māori rate and the strong advantage of vertical integration in the primary sector of component prices in the context of industry parity.
In the first half of 2019, the Māori rate of component operations was 19.87 per cent, which is higher in the industry. Crystal Australia solar power is a vertically integrated manufacturer whose main business involves the development, production and sale of all photovoltaic industrial chains, including silicone, solar and solar battery components, as well as the development, construction, and construction of solar photovoltaic power plants.
High vertical integration allows companies to take advantage of upstream and downstream price linkages, pass-through price risks, increases, figure 4: Māori in company-owned operations is high, photovoltaic growth is driven by strong demand and component concentration is expected to increase.
2.1. A large cycle of Internet access at par prices has opened, with bright prospects for the photovoltaic sector, and rapidly declining costs have opened a new cycle of growth. The cost of photovoltaic power has declined significantly over the past few years as a result of technological advances and lower costs of materials and production.
Photovoltaic electricity costs fell from US$ 0.371/kwh to US$0.085/kwh in 2010-2018, a decrease of 77.09%, the most cost-reducing renewable energy source. Photovoltage, in an increasing number of countries and regions, began to become the lowest-cost energy source at the local level. Photovoltage is gradually moving away from subsidies and starting a new round of low-cost Internet access.
The penetration rate is still in place, and there is wide space in the future. According to the lea data, the global photovoltaic penetration rate in 2018 was only 2.6%, which is still low. Photovoltaic is undoubtedly the most competitive energy source in the future from the point of view of energy economy and cleanliness.
In 2019, in the year of policy adjustment, there was a drop in loading, which was about 30.1 gw, a 32% decline in the same year.
In the future, there will be a steady increase in the share of built-in demand from affordable Internet access, and we expect an additional 100gw to be installed overseas in 2020. This is a 17% increase. In 2020, the global photovoltaic total has the potential to break through the 150gw threshold, a 30% increase.
The generation capacity of the components directly affects the power efficiency of the entire photovoltaic system, which is light.
The cost of components is an important component of the cost of the power plant system, but has declined in recent years. Other technological costs (bos) and non-technical costs have gradually taken over the light.
Lower electricity costs in the future will rely more on lower costs of other technologies and non-technical costs, and the future price pressure of components is expected to decrease. Barriers to simple components are lower. Components are located at the end of the photovoltaic manufacturing industry chain, more than upstream.
In terms of equipment investment, the component link is only 68,000 yuan/mw and only 16.2% of the perc battery line. In terms of technical complexity, the component link involves only a chain and sealing of the battery, which is significantly less difficult than the technology.
The core of the components is in the hands of the end-user. Although the market is more fragmented, for component manufacturers, a single customer risk is lower, and the customer advantage and branding of long-term cooperation is the resource that the enterprise has accumulated over time.
2.3. The future concentration of components is expected to increase.
The market concentration of components is significantly lower than that of the rest of the world, owing to the higher number of customers in the component chain and its geographical distribution in various parts of the world. Competition in the component environment is expected to increase in the future, as (1) the domestic power station market moves to a large utility country.
Corporate ownership, leading firms acquiring more market shares; (2) emerging markets abroad are emerging and will become more fragmented in the future, leading firms have greater advantages; and (3) the concentration of components is more closely linked to the pace of demand growth, and demand growth is stable, which is conducive to the firm market share of leading firms.
The country’s electricity market is dominated by large enterprises. The operation of photovoltaic plants is a typical asset chain, with large amounts of capital, long recovery periods, low turnover rates, and natural suitability for large enterprises with financial advantages.
In recent years, emerging markets abroad have emerged, with new markets installed above the Gw level growing (over 16 in 2019). The overall market is more fragmented.
Fragmented overseas markets facilitate the acquisition of market shares by leading firms. Figure 12: Share of major component importing countries/areas in 2018
As a result, the overall output ratio is higher, and once demand declines, markets begin to shift from branding, marketing, to collating prices, which is relatively unfavourable for front-line firms. As affordable Internet access evolves, the future growth of photovoltaic global demand is expected to remain relatively stable.
The future concentration of the components is expected to increase. According to pvinfolink data, the top 10 manufacturers of the 2019 components were close to 80gw, compared to 65.4% in the top 10 cities, based on global demand of 121.4gw.
In 2018, 63.5% increased. Looking ahead, front-line component firms have a clear combination of channels, brands, products, etc., and are expected to increase market concentration in the future.
3.1. The global backbone of the components, the dominant brand and the dominant channel, is the global leader of the components, with the second largest city in the world. The number of shipments of the crystals is the top five in the world in the period 2015-2018, of which the industry is second in 2018. According to the globaldata data, the crystal Sun is the second largest in the world.
It continued to be ranked second in the world with 10.3gw in 2019. Market occupancy rose steadily, from 6.6% in 2016 to 7.5% in 2018, and the ranking went to second place. According to Globaldata, in 2019, the company delivered 10.3gw, the second in the world with a 2019 global photovolt machine.
Global markets are well organized, with strategic partners all over the globe. The global market for solar energy is well-placed, and while focusing on major markets such as China, the United States, Japan, and Europe, it is also active in South-East Asia and South-East Asia.
Emerging markets such as Asia, Australia, Central America, South America, and the Middle East have 13 distribution networks overseas in more than 120 countries and regions around the world. At the same time, long-standing and stable partnerships have been established with core customers such as global high-quality power companies, photovoltaic systems, and ISPs.
In addition to domestic production bases, companies also have production bases in Malaysia and Viet Nam, mainly for exports to the United States, Europe, etc.
The impact of uncontrollable factors such as the domestic or regional market phase lows and trade frictions, thus maintaining a robust development pattern of 3.2, vertically integrated layouts.
Battery output reached 2gw, surpassing Chand and firstsolar as the world’s largest battery manufacturer. The business focus was gradually extended from battery to component, successfully transformed into integrated battery assembly manufacturers.
After that, the crystal dragon group, which controlled the owner’s holdings, and the assets associated with the investment in Shin Fung were injected into the crystal solar system, which included the crystal dragon’s high-quality single crystal silicon rods and silicon silicon assets. The crystal dragon was once the first supplier of the crystals, which, when injected, further enhanced the profitability and competitiveness of the crystals.
Figure 15: Assets injected into the pre-equity structure in a vertically integrated layout. After years of development, crystal solar energy has built vertically integrated vertical industrial chains. By mid-2019, crystal silicon sticks/silicon silicon annual chemical capacity of 8.89gw, silicon annual chemical capacity of 9.83gw,
Batteries have an annual chemical capacity of 7.59gw and components 8.42gw, the overall size of which is in the first line of the industry, and the chain capacity is more evenly balanced, with the final shipment being dominated by the component, the upstream silicon and battery being largely self-sufficient, with a small number of figures 17: production is expanding and vertically integrated (unit: gw)
Vertical integration has a clear cost advantage, with companies leading the Māori industry. For vertically integrated enterprises, the cost advantage is clear, so that profits can be retained as far as possible within the enterprise. For example, the production cost under the single crystal perc component model of “silicon plus battery plus components” is about $1.25/w, while the production of only components corresponds.
The cost is as high as $1.41/w, and production costs are nearly 13% higher. Reflecting the Māori rate, the Māori rate is only about 10% for simple components, the Māori rate for “cells + components” is about 13% for integration, and the Māori rate for “silicon + battery + components” is over 20% for integration.
Figure 18: The Māori ratio of company-owned business is at industry level 3.3, sustained R & D investment, leading the technology industry. Sustained R & D investment leads to a deep technological build-up.
There are more than 700 patents, including more than 100 patents for inventions, most of them in batteries. Most of the core technicians have many years of experience in the photovoltaic industry, mastering silicon, solar cells, and solar power.
The research and development of photovoltaic whole-chain products, such as pool assemblies, has a profound understanding of the technical characteristics and future trends of the latest photovoltaic industry, both domestically and internationally. Battery technology leads.
Laboratory research and development, with conversion efficiency reaching a 20% mark in 2013. First industry producer of perc batteries in 2014, with conversion efficiency reaching a maximum of 23.4% in 2019 and certified by the National Centre for Measurement of the Photovoltaic Industry.
In October 2019, Crystal Solar was licensed by the Japanese Sinocchio Corporation, after which it will have these patents in a number of countries and regions.
Right. Traditional p-silicon silicon is made of blubber, which, due to the presence of a comb of boron, uses this silicon-made battery with an initial photodegenerative (lid) problem, especially on perc batteries. This can effectively solve the photodegenerative problem, thus ensuring that the p-photovoltaic component is able to maintain a better and more stable power generation over the long term.
The solar cell and component parameters are in the forefront of the industry. Currently, the crystal solar conventional perc cell has been fully switched to perc+se, with an average conversion efficiency of 22.1 per cent and more than 95 per cent distributed.
21.8-22.4 per cent of standard 72 monocrystal perc components can have a mainstream power of 380-410w; standard 72 more crystal battery assemblies can have a mainstream power of 325-350w. 3.4,a stock listing brings new dynamic development
The rheumatism in the photovoltaic sector has become increasingly apparent, with leading firms expanding their production capacity and accelerating their market grabs, taking advantage of financing advantages, size advantages, technological advantages, etc. The US share market finance function in Jing Xao was weak, putting the public at a disadvantage in development. When a share market is marketed, companies will operate in a regulated and integrated manner.
In February 2020, the company announced the construction of 10gw high-efficiency batteries and 10gw high-efficiency components and accompanying projects, with planned investment of $10.2 billion. The project is scheduled to be implemented in two phases: 5gw batteries + 5gw
At the same time, it is planned to invest $1.13 billion in the upgrading of the high-efficiency battery project of workshop 3.6gw. After landing a share, it is possible to build on the financial platform of listed companies, as well as the profitability of listed companies’ status in debt financing, and their future expansion of productive capacity is expected to accelerate further and move to a new development fast-track.
4- Profit forecasting and investment proposals have benefited from an increase in the total demand for photovoltaics, the expansion of production speeds after companya shares have been placed on the market and the globalization of companies, and the Māori rate of component operations is expected to rise steadily with the consolidation of single crystalline silicon assets upstream.
The Māori rate for photovoltaic component operations from 2019 to 2020 was 20.68 per cent and 21.15 per cent and 21.82 per cent. Corporate power station operations remained stable and did not expand on a large scale, and the area where the company power stations were located was 4.3, recommended for the first time for a “strongly recommended” rating.
We believe that, with vertical integration, the competitive advantage of companies is becoming apparent, using a share financing platform in the future to further develop energy expansion, team motivation, and in the future to move on to the fast-track. For the first time, it covers a “strongly recommended” rating.
Total light voltage demand is not as high as expected: the long-term viewing of light voltage is on the rise as the cost of photovoltaic power is decreasing and the energy source is cleaner. But in the short term, the photovoltage is affected by a combination of policy, financing, trade barriers, demand for electricity, etc.
In addition to the risks of increased volatility in the short term, increased competition has led to higher-than-anticipated price declines: future oligopolization in photovoltaic manufacturing, and active expansion of mainstream photovoltaics, such as increased competition, may lead to price wars.
The Division ' s vertical integration strategy allows for a partial downside risk of hedge prices, but if the final component price continues to decline, it may result in the company ' s underperformance.