South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WIRDC)
• Recommended logic: A company that is a photovoltaic component tap in the whole industry chain layout, with both cost advantages and channel advantages for overseas sales, will fully enjoy the growth of the global photovoltaic market as the photovoltaic industry moves from “subsidized” to “cost-free development”.
• Vertically integrated layout, leading to profitability: the company is a vertically integrated company based on a light-voltage industry chain, led by Māori ahead of the industry average, which reached 19.9 per cent in the first half of 2019, above the industry average of 3-4 percentage points.
High utilization rate: (2) The company has worked deep in the overseas market for many years and, with the early deployment of overseas channels, the share of its components has increased year by year, reaching 64.5 per cent in the first half of 2019: (3) the company perc has a robust business and excellent cash flow: the photovoltaic industry used to operate because of dependence on subsidies and defaults in subsidies.
Cash flow was poor, but the company ' s net operating cash flow remained positive from 2010 to 2018, creating cumulative cash flow of $10.41 billion, which was excellent compared to other companies in the industry on a horizontal basis, and the Department ' s indicators of turnover of receivables, roe, etc. were among the highest in the industry.
Price parity opened up the growth attributes: the photovoltaic sector used to have two major features: “cash flow differentials” and “weekly volatility”, which were the two mountains that constrained the growth and valuation of the photovoltaic industry. After the introduction of competitive mechanisms, the average competitive price of electricity in the I/II/III resource area was the same as in 2018.
The average share of subsidies dropped by 0.22 yuan/kwh, 0.28 yuan/kwh, 0.29 yuan/kwh, to 20.2 per cent, 10.2 per cent and 16.3 per cent, respectively, while the year 2019 was also the national “photo-parity” year for 14.79gw flat-price projects.
In 18 years, for example, photovoltaics accounted for only 2.4 per cent of total global electricity generation, and growth spaces were set at 21 x, 17 x, and 13 x, respectively, below the average valuation level of the photovoltaic plate.
Company 1: Photovoltaic component taps in the whole industry chain layout. Crystal Solar is a vertically integrated enterprise based on the photovoltaic industrial chain, operating mainly in the development, production and marketing of silicon, solar cell and solar cell components, as well as in the development, construction and operation of solar photovoltaic power stations.
Founded in 2005 by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Bao Fong, and the Australian team of scientists and management, which was listed in Nazdak, United States of America, in 2007.In 2018, Chrysotov was privatized and integrated into Jingdao, a silicon silicon business established in 1996, was re-listed, successfully passed in September 2019, and was officially renamed “Chrysot technology” in December.
High net profit growth in 2019: As the price of photovoltaic components has been on a downward path, the company ' s output has increased at a relatively stable rate, although it has increased at a relatively rapid rate; however, because of the lower cost of its products and the advantages of management size, its net profit has increased at a much higher rate than the growth in its revenues. The company ' s performance forecast for 2019 shows that its net return profit is expected to be 940-1.29 billion yuan in 2019.
Net corporate interest rates were not affected by three rate increases: the company was in the expansion phase from 2016 to 2019, so the three rates were: (2) intermediate product batteries, silicon, silicon silicon, mainly for continued production and processing, and small external sales: (3) crystal solar energy was required to purchase a certain amount from hemlock per year under a procurement agreement with Hemlock
The small decline in the Māori rate of company component operations in 17 years was due mainly to a strong price of raw materials silicone, but a decline in the price of components. The increase in Māori after 2018 benefited mainly from a sharp fall in the price of silicone and a higher premium on the market for perc crystal product.
High, with a gradual decline in the company ' s share of low Maori polycrystal products in 2018, the company ' s power station operation has continued to rise since 2016, from 39.5 per cent in 16 years to 68.6 per cent in 19 years (h1), with three main reasons for the increase: (1) the continued decline in the light-restricted rate in the photovoltaic sector; (2)
The overall downward trend in the price of photovoltaic components has led to a reduction in the domestic cost of installed photovoltaic power plants; (3) Since April 2019, the value-added tax on power generation operations has been adjusted from 16 per cent to 13 per cent, while the tariff-bearing electricity prices for grid-connected items have remained constant in principle, leading to an increase in the average non-tax-based electricity prices. This has led to an increase in the Māori rate of operation of the crystal solar photovoltaic power station.
The two-voltage growth spaces are huge, and the price parity is getting closer and closer to 2.1-voltage industries have a huge long-term growth space. The photovoltaic sector is gaining momentum over the long term: the geographic limitations of photovoltaic power generation, its time stability, its safety and reliability.
By the end of 2018, the world’s photovoltaic build-up capacity had reached 510gw. The number of new loadings in the PV year had increased from 2.9gw in 2007 to 103gw in 2018, and the size of the loading had increased almost 35 times.
18 years of sharp decline in industrial chain prices, stimulating overseas demand: the rate of increase in overseas installed machines has been on the fast-growing path since 17 years. After the New Deal of 5-31 in 2018, the price of photovoltaic industry chain products fell rapidly, averaging around 25%, with electricity consumption falling by 10-15%, highlighting the price of photovoltaics in many countries and regions, and, on the one hand, overseas reserves.
In 2018, 59gw was installed overseas, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for 60 per cent of global photovoltaics, and overseas markets will continue to grow to 105gw annually.
There has been a positive change in the total volume and structure of overseas markets: exports have been on an accelerated trend since the second half of 2017 and component exports have fluctuated in 2014-2016, but there has been a marked increase in component exports since 17.2019, when the total component exports were 66.3gw, an increase of 43.5 per cent.
Meanwhile, there has been a steady decline in the concentration of the export markets for photovoltaic components, which is 67.1% in 17 years, 53% in 18 years, and 36.3% in 19 years, indicating the emergence of emerging countries with PVs, and the fact that there are many openings around the globe. A reduction in concentration would reduce the dependence of industrial chains on single markets, and would be more conducive to healthy market development.
The overseas market has a lot of opening up: 57.3gw exports of photovoltaic components in January-December 2019, an increase of 53.0% in the same year, with countries such as the Netherlands, Viet Nam, Spain, Brazil, Ukraine, Germany, Portugal, Japan, among others, increasing faster and more than in the same year. A growing number of countries with rapidly falling photovoltaic energy are highlighting their strong economic performance.
Photovoltaics are falling rapidly globally: as the costs at the end of photovoltaic manufacturing rapidly fall, so are the bid prices for photovoltaic power, which vary considerably from region to region, from 1.6 cents/kwh~10.9 cents/kwh, to China, where the price is in the middle, so that the global price of photovoltaic flats is set at the subregional, time-bound levels.
Photovoltaic power continues to account for a relatively low share of growth space: fossil energy continues to dominate the current global power structure, while the share of renewable energy sources is increasing, hydropower still accounts for the bulk of renewable energy, and non-water renewable energy has much room for growth, with photovoltaics accounting for only 2.4 per cent of total global electricity generation in 18 years.
In comparison, China (44gw), the United States (11gw), India (8gw), Japan (6gw) and Australia (3.8gw) were the top six countries in 2018, about 72.8 per cent of the world ' s installed in 2018, but China ' s electricity generation from fire was as high as 70.4 per cent, especially from non-water sources.
Larger, China, the United States, India, Japan, despite the highest number of installed aircraft, still have a relatively low photovoltage ratio, with a larger 2.2 domestic photovoltaic flat price gradually falling close to a significant subsidy ratio in 2019: support for subsidy policies and lower system costs drive the economics of the project
But as costs continued to decline, the share of subsidies tended to decline year by year, especially after the introduction of competitive bidding mechanisms in 2019, the average price of electricity in the I/II/III resource area fell by 0.22/kwh, 0.28/kwh, 0.29/kwh, and the average subsidy by year in 2018 compared to the same price in the 2018 poles.
2019: 20 May 2019. The National Commission for Development and Reconstruction and the Energy Agency jointly issued the first notifications of wind power and photovoltaic power parity online in 2019. A total of 16 provincial energy authorities submitted the project to the National Energy Authority with a total installed capacity of 20,76 million kilowatts, of which 14,78 million kilowatts of light voltage, 4.51 million kilowatts of wind power and distributed trades.
Pilot 1.47 million kilowatts. Parity opens up the growth attributes: the photovoltaic industry used to be characterized by “cash flow differentials” and “cyclical volatility” due to subsidies, which are two mountains that constrain the growth and valuation of the photovoltaic industry, with costs falling faster than subsidies.
This has led to a high rate of return on photovoltaic investment and to a sharp increase in the profit-driven build-up of capital; the lack of entry barriers makes the industry prone to excessive prosperity, which in turn forces policy exits, leading to a depression and even excessive adjustment of the industry, which is the root cause of the volatility of the photovoltaic cycle. These two factors will be effectively improved in the era of price parity.
According to the number of new installed units in the country, the ratio of the number of installed light-voltage units to the number of installed power units in the country in the current year has been almost 30 to 40% of the area since the 13th year. There is still 40 to 60gw in each year of the additional installed units, and if this component is replaced by light-voltage, there should be 160gw light-voltage space.
The national production rate has been rising year by year, and the global flagship status is clear: by 2018, China had 57%, 88%, 73%, 80% of the multi-crystal silicon, battery, and assembly links, respectively, and is now firmly in control of the world’s photovoltaic manufacturing pole. Of these, silicon is currently the lowest in the country, but after the release of 140,000 tons of new silicon production capacity in the country in 1919.
It is also expected to rise to over 65 per cent. 3 Company analysis: global component leader 3.1 industry chain layout, leading profitability
The company is a vertically integrated enterprise, with a production layout covering the four segments of a silicon bar-silicon-silicon-cell cellular component, which, through the supply of various production links at cost, reduce the cost of production, improve the profitability of products and ensure the stability of the enterprise ' s supply chain.
Moreover, the company’s productive capacity continues to be very high, largely as a result of the company’s pre-positioning of overseas markets, capturing the growth in overseas demand stimulated by the falling prices of its components. The company’s Māori ratio is at the forefront of the industry: compared to its counterparts, the Māori rate of its components is only lower than that of its focus on the monocrystal chain.
For the first half of 19th year, the Māori rate has reached 19.9 per cent. We consider that there are three main reasons for this: (1) the whole industry chain layout, where Māori component rates include the added value of upstream materials, while the company ' s silicone and battery self-sufficiency rates are only lower than Lungi shares and higher than the industry average; and (2) the overseas market Māori rates are higher.
Over the years, the company has cultivated its overseas market, with the early deployment of overseas channels, whereby the share of its component export markets has risen from 9.8 per cent in 2019 to 9.8 per cent in 2019, while the company has a number of production bases at home and abroad, with the company ' s diversified production and distribution in Hebei, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Anhui, Nemong Gu, Yunnan, Viet Nam, Malaysia, etc., which has also effectively reduced the company ' s production costs and product movement.
Loss costs; (3) company perc ratio rises, expected to have an efficient perc production capacity of 8.4gw in 2019, nearly double the same ratio, with higher perc component profit premium, which increases the company’s overall Māori rate. Globalization, offshore receipts: companies have sales companies in major light markets around the world, in traditional Eurasia-American days.
mature markets, such as Korea, and emerging markets, such as Viet Nam, are well organized, overseas sales are spread across several countries and regions, such as Europe and America, Japan, India, South-East Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa. The volume of overseas market exports has increased year by year, reaching 64.5% in the first half of 2019, the size of the collections has reached $5.72 billion, and the proportion of overseas sales is expected to rise in 2020.
The company is at the forefront of the industry at all stages: according to the China Association of Photovoltage Industries, pv-tech, pvinfolink and others, the battery production of the company ' s battery was the first in the industry, the second in the industry and the first in the industry, in the 2015-2018 period, and the component production has remained steady at the top 10 parts of the world since 2012.
In 2015-2018, the top five consecutively in the world, with 2018 and 2019 continuing to rank second in industry. Industry’s “two-eighth effect” became more pronounced: after 18 years of New Deal 5-31, the price of photovoltaic industry chain products fell rapidly, with an average decline of 35-40%, and, while stimulating demand, lagging capacity was phased out, with a further concentration of industries.
Upgraded, with a clearer pattern. The two main advantages of leading firms, capital and products, are that rapid expansion increases the city’s share, for example, single crystalline silicon silicon, with the Lonki and Central Ring silicon silicon silos rising from 56.5 per cent in 15 years to 89.8 per cent in 18 years. The concentration of components has also increased year by year, with Cr10 in 17–19 accounting for 56.3 per cent, 69.4 per cent and 73.0 per cent, respectively.
The photovoltaic industry chain as a whole is in a process of rapid upgrading of its concentration. Deep-farming technology, leading in its transformation efficiency: companies have been developing deep-farming technology for years, with a deeper accumulation of technology in solar cells and components, and research and development investment has been at a high level, with research and development spending at 1.140 billion yuan in 2016-2019H1, respectively.
For batteries, companies have been working on the development of perc batteries since 2009, with conversion efficiency ahead of industry counterparts. According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the average conversion efficiency for 2015-2018 was 20.3%, 20.5%, and 20.5%, respectively.
The cash flow was excellent: while the photovoltaic industry used to have a poor operating cash flow owing to dependence on subsidies and defaults, the company performed well compared to other companies in the industry. Receivable turnover led by the firm ' s strict management of accounts receivable, strict control of the recovery risk of receivables, and clientele
Households are high-quality clients, such as large and medium-sized domestic and foreign PV station operators and PV system integrators, with good credit and refunds. Timely, the turnover of receivables from 2016 to 2019h1 is higher than the industry average, while the share of corporate receivables in receipts and total assets is declining year by year.
The reason for this is that the company’s operation of photovoltaic power stations has increased steadily during the reporting period, resulting in an increase in revenue from electricity subsidies due from the company’s leading: the company’s net interest rate and the turnover of total assets were industry leaders at 12.4 per cent, 8.6 per cent, 15.5 per cent, respectively, in 2016-2018.
The competitiveness and ability to operate of the company’s products are highlighted. Assumption 1: As the capacity of the company is invested and global market demand increases in photovoltaics, it is assumed that the sales volume of the company’s components will increase from year to year, with annual unit prices of components of $1.85/w, $1.65/w, $1.55/w, respectively;
On the basis of this assumption, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2019-2021, as follows:
As at 2 March 2020, comparable companies were 19.4 times higher than the equivalent valuation of Translator Technology. We believe that Crystal and Australasia are the leading global integrated component companies, and the city share is expected to rise steadily and should enjoy a valuation above the industry average. The company is expected to have an eps 0.83, 1.03, 2019-2021, respectively.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.