A return to positive growth in profits, other high non-interest income, and a performance review of the quarterly report of the Bank of Commerce and Industry, 2024, November 03, 2024.
Bank of Commerce and Industry (stock code: 601398) Poor performance rebounds, with a single-quarter net profit upturning: 62,642.2 million yuan in business income achieved by the company in January-September 2024, a decrease of 3.82 per cent in the same year, and 269,025 million yuan in net return to the mother, an increase in the same year
The net profit earned and returned to the mother has increased by 1.05% and 3.82%, respectively, and the ring has returned to positive growth over the previous quarter. The Department’s other non-interest income has increased, forming the main support for revenue collection; asset quality has been optimized, and impairment losses have been reduced by a smaller amount, which has been set aside to contribute to profit growth.
Zhang 1st Lai grew by 7.7% at the end of the year, and public loans were the main engine of growth.
The focus areas of emerging industries, inclusiveness, and green lending are relatively high. Individual loans are gradually coming into effect over late last year’s growth policy, and individual lending needs are expected to be repaired. By the end of September, the company’s deposits had expanded slightly over the past six months, with revenue still under pressure.
Quality of assets optimized, provision increased, focussing on core-level capital replenishment: by the end of September 2024, capacity continued to grow. At the end of September, the core-level capital adequacy rate of companies was 13.95 per cent, 23bp higher than at the end of the previous year, and capital adequacy levels remained comparable to those of peers.
After that, the economic capacity of corporate service entities will be further enhanced. Investment proposals: companies are one of the major State-owned businesses, leading by size and market share, with a multi-structured business, and integrated operations are more resilient.
“gbc+” reforms are moving forward, with enhanced capacity for high-quality development. Assets are of sound quality and risk-resilient. In combination with corporate fundamentals and stock elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, Bvps 2024-2026, figure 3: net interest earnings and growth in business banks.
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of BB bank lending Figure 7: Structure of BB bank lending Figure 9 Structure of BB bank deposits
Figure 10: Non-interest, intermediate and growth rates of business banks Figure 11: Other non-interest income, investment returns and growth rates of business banks Figure 12: Poor rates of business banks, ratio of loans of concern
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.