The greatest improvement in asset quality, high performance elasticity, Martin Ting incident: 40,839 million operating income achieved in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 5.76 per cent compared to the previous quarter; achieved return
The profits increase at a higher rate, with the cost advantage driving the q3 net difference to a higher rate than ever before. The profit increases at a faster rate every season.
Revenues grew steadily and base effects continued to decline. Business income grew by 5.76 per cent over the year. Net interest income increased by 8.77 per cent over the year as a result of growth in scale and a recovery in net interest differentials, of which 13.89 per cent over the same period for q3 and 2.72pc over the same season.
At the end of the period, the average balance caliber measured an increase of 6bps over q2. At the end of the period, low-cost liabilities increased significantly (by almost 270 billion in q3 call deposits), adding higher cost co-benefits.
Debt size continues to decline, and the net interest gap has increased further. It is expected that, in the event of increased competition for future deposits, farmers’ savings end-cost advantages will continue to emerge.
The size of the non-specific investments has remained largely stable. At the end of the liabilities: deposits have increased significantly, and there has been a net decrease in corporate liabilities for three consecutive quarters. Total deposits at the end of September were 16.37 trillion, compared to 265.2 billion at the end of June.
This represents an increase of nearly $270 billion, or 0.73 pc to 57.11 per cent, and a sustained increase in the size of the low-cost debt, with a cost-side advantage highlighted. The net decline in corporate liabilities was 39 billion, or 6.71 per cent, and for three consecutive quarters, the negative balance was reduced by both the negative balance and the negative rate, resulting in a significant increase in the provision coverage.
The banking research framework and the Central Report conclude that the largest decline has been in the state-owned major banks. Of these, the county non-performing loan rate is 2.62%, down from 0.14pc at the end of June.
Production impairment is set at $26,926 million and the ring has raised approximately $5.9 billion; provision coverage is significantly higher than at the end of June  Profit forecast and investment rating: agricultural banks have steadily increased their performance, interest differentials have recovered, indebtedness has gained significant advantages, and profitability has increased. The asset quality indicators are generally good, negative rates have dropped significantly, and the balance of non-performing loans is on average.
Net reduction, with the most significant improvement in the quality of assets in state-owned banks.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board