The sale of company batteries in 2017 reached 750 million, an increase of 21.19 per cent over the same period last year, but was hit twice by a reduction in vehicle subsidies for new sources of energy, the price of the entire plant and the price of raw materials.
The group ' s Māori rate dropped by 8.9 pct, the overall Māori rate fell by 7.8 pcs to 39.13%, while the delayed payment of the entire garage increased by 47% of the receivables, and the write-off of bad debts increased the loss of assets by 86.23%, resulting in a decline in total profits by 16.97%.
The net cash flow from the company’s operations was reversed by a reduction in the number of items due. By the end of last year, the company’s capacity had reached 7.5 gwh, leading to an annual increase of 52.08% in production, including 3 gwh’s.
Quarterly shipments reached 434mwh, almost three times higher than in the same period last year, but the ratio of three dollars was still small, while the harvest fell, indicating a significant decline in battery prices. □ Capacity pending continued release of sufficient orders + client outreach and outreach
In July-August, it is expected to test the triad of the triad of positive materials with China Metallurgical cooperation, which will be expected to meet the needs of existing customers. In the last year, the company opened a pure electric ride of Chirre, Congtai, Gilly, etc., using the car's customers, while the order of the current Chinese, North and Nanjing Golden Dragons last year still stands at $3.9 billion.
The company received a new order for Jianghua and North Gas in the past quarter, so the order is now sufficient. The energy density of the single core developed by the company was 307wh/kg in the year, and it is also actively setting up the product of $811.3.
Xu Chengqin defined the increase and decline in securities (or industry index) relative to the depth of 300 indexes within 12 months of the date of this report as follows:
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.