The annual report of the U.S. High School is below expectations and expects the three-dollar batteries to be released and the company's strategic big clients to accelerate their imports, and the vehicle batteries are expected to become a new growth point and maintain their rating.
The performance report revealed a profit of $920 million and a slightly lower-than-expected performance in the annual report. 20.33 per cent in the first quarter of 2018; 10.6 billion yuan in operating income achieved by companies in the first quarter of 2018, a decrease of 4.32 per cent in the same year; and 161 million yuan, a decrease of 20.33 per cent in the same year.
Lithium batteries have been replenished and the Māori rate has fallen: in 2017, the company sold 750 million, an increase of 21.19 per cent over the same period; income of $4.061 billion, a flat balance; and, in the context of the price reduction, the commercial car market has been steadily developing and the car market has expanded: the company will steadily develop the commercial car market.
The market for passenger cars is a development priority, the company has established a stable strategic partnership with Jiang Huai, the iev4s/6e high-pressure products are in bulk, and the vda three-dollar battery has also started to mass up the North.
Energy, working with mainstream car companies like Chirre, Congtai, etc., is at a substantial stage. In addition, the company plans to make a big market for powerful cars and to seek breakthroughs in the field of storage energy.
Increased investment in research and development and integration of industrial chain resources: in 2017, companies invested $334 million in research and development, accounting for 6.91 per cent of business income, completed the layout of high-volume lithium phosphate and triomaterial technologies, opened up research and development of electrolytic fluids, diaphragms and negative materials, sustained resource integration in the industrial chain, addressed
The manufacturing problems of lithium carbonate and trio drivers are expected to reduce material end costs. Technological advances in companies and market openings have fallen short of expectations; demand for new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.