Communications pcb maintained growth, ic board built new core growth Investment rating: buy-in (first) 5g and data centre built steadily and communications pcb operations maintained growth
By the end of the year, some cities have completed their annual targets six months ahead of schedule, and we expect more than 600,000 base stations in 2020, and 5g devices, such as small base stations, will be phased in.
At the centre, the global idc size in 2019 was about 750 billion yuan, an increase of 21.37 per cent. In China, the idc market was 1584 million yuan, an increase of 29.04 per cent.
The company’s technological advantages in the area of communications will be further extended to other areas. Deep South circuits are actively engaged in car electronics and medical electronics-related research and development, and have worked with well-known domestic and international manufacturers, such as Bosun and Ge.
With a large national production replacement space, companies have a significant industrial advantage: in 2019, the global market was about $8.5 billion, or 83.3 per cent, and in China, the market was about $38.7 billion, with a national production rate of less than 6 per cent.
After years of grinding and exploration, the company has become a qualified supplier for the world’s leading sealers, such as Sunshine, Peace Technology, Research Assistant: Hwa Jin, Long Electric Technology. In 2019, I.C. collected $1,164 million.
RMB, 22.91 per cent increase in the same year, with a tin-free board plant positioned in the storage chip market, currently capable of climbing up the slopes, and customer certification progressing fast.
(002463) 5g era Idc base station depth benefit, 194.9 million yuan, net profit return to mothers is 1.750 billion yuan, 2.3115 billion yuan and 2,746 million yuan, respectively.
20 times, with first-time coverage given to companies as “buy-in” ratings.
(b) Deep South circuits are focused on electronic interconnection, with three operations: printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronic packaging, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry: interconnectivity is at its core, and the printing is increasing.
While leading the circuit board business, a major effort has been made to develop its “technically equivalent” enveloped base-plate operation and its “household-to-house” electronic assembly operation. The company has the capacity to provide a “sampling of small, medium and large volumes” of integrated manufacturing that serves the entire value chain through programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
The company “3-in-one” has gradually released its productive capacity, and its operating income and net return earnings have been growing at a very high rate.
The company achieved gross operating income of $4,599 million, $5,687 million, $7,602 million, and $10,524 million, respectively, and benefited mainly from the high-speed construction of 5g base stations in 2018 and 2019, resulting in a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed communication boards.
The higher rate of increase is the impact of the start-up of the company ' s 5g product, the completion of the production capacity uphill, the optimization of the product structure and the optimization of the pcb process.
Māori rates continue to rise, and the structure of the company ' s products continues to grow. The Māori rates for companies from 2016 to 2019 were due to two factors, namely, the construction of the company ' s professional production lines and technological changes, further deepening of production efficiency, and technological upgrading; and the three major mobile communications operators in the country from 2018.
In 2019, 5g orders rose, and the high specifications and high prices of base-station communication boards contributed to a further increase in the Māori rate. We expect that the Māori rate and net interest rate will increase the investment in R & D and the technology of the products from 2019 to 2020. The company is committed to autonomous innovation and sustained R & D.
New companies have developed a range of proprietary technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, from process technologies to front-line products, and have developed a full-scale technological lead. In the area of printing circuit boards, companies have built on the technological lead of established firms, leading products such as communication market boards, timely access to communications, industrial controls, medical care, automobiles, etc.
In the area of electronic packaging, companies take full advantage of industrial synergies to provide their customers with a one-stop service. In the area of ic-boarding, companies continue to maintain men’s segmented market edges, while at the same time vigorously developing storage.
Each year, 25 patents have been authorized for inventions, 23 patents for inventions that have entered into the effective phase of the substantive review, and 6 new patents for use at the effective stage of the substantive review.
The Department's revenue from printing circuit boards increased from RMB 3,894 million to RMB 7,726 million, or 40.86 per cent for cagr; from RMB 729 million to RMB 1,211 million, or 28.89 per cent, for electronics; and from the top five clients, which received more than half of the revenue. Companies are positioned as manufacturers of high- and medium-end pcb-related products.
The quality of the product is stable and reliable, with high visibility within the industry. Over the years, companies have become the dominant suppliers of global leading firms and have established long-term and stable partnerships with them, such as Wah, Naking, Nokia, Ericsson, ge-health, Bo, Biadi, Unions, Sunshine, etc., corporate products, technology, uniforms, etc.
In 2018, in 2019, the top five clients of the company sold 40.77%, 2 new capital requirements were strong, pcb was growing steadily, and 5g opened a completely new communications track, and China was leading the world.
Overall, China’s overall pace at 1g-3g is slow, with 4g gradually catching up to the frontier level of foreign countries. And in the 5g’s era, after so many years of sedimentary accumulation and payments, China was, for the first time, in the world.
At the policy level, the Chinese government has given a great deal of support to telecommunications operators, including the introduction of a number of policies and spectrum licence fees, and has effectively built 5g as an infrastructure to support digital economic development. These are far more powerful than abroad.
At the technical level, the internationally renowned patent-based company, iplytics, published the 2020 5g trade patent report, with China ranked first on 3147, Samsung second on 2795, Central Hing News third on 2561, and fourth to tenth on lg, Nokia, Ericsson, Hightower, Sharp, nettdocomo.
By the end of 2019, China had deployed more than 5.44 million base stations, and by the end of 2019, China would have half of the world’s 5g base stations, so the world’s five largest operators were more concerned about China’s future 5g.
5g redefines the form of information, enabling multiple applications. The most central change in 5g compared to the previous mobile communication technology is a significant increase in transmission rates. 5g is more than 10 times higher than 4g in key technological indicators, such as user experience speed, time delay, and connection density.
The mobile applications include the following three main areas: embb (enhanced mobile broadband), mmtc (large-scale machine communications), urllc (highly reliable low-time delay communication), and Embb:5g network at an early stage, under Nsa's structure, the 5g embb feature is expected to be the first to land.
5g communication speeds are 10 times higher than 4g, and a large number of high-flow-based applications, such as vr/ar, 4k/8k high vision screens, cloud computing, etc. mmtc: In the long run, the mmtc application will be achieved through networking technologies such as nb-iot.
urllc: The delay of 5g is likely to be significantly lower than the delay of 4g, which is more important for autopilot, smart manufacturing, and industrial Internet. 5g is not a simple upgrade in the post-4g era, but a major change in mobile communication technology, leading to data.
Intergenerational channels. The 5g performance will be significantly higher than the current 4g network. With ubiquitous high-speed bandwidth connections, super-size data devices, low-time communications reliability, 5g will undoubtedly lead to a new turn-over in technology.
Enhanced mobile broadband enhancedmobilebroadband gbits
Gigabytesinaside 3dvideo, uhdscreens3d video, super-clear screens, clouds and entertainment
We're working to play intheclud smarthome/building environment
The important application of industryautomation-missioncriticalapplication of the City of Wisdom.
Smartity-selfdringcar auto-driving futureimt
I'm sorry, massivemachinetype ultra-reliableandlowlancy companies
Large-scale machine communications with high reliability and low-time delay.
China looks forward to the completion of its technological breakthrough in the 5g era through new infrastructure. With a parallel leap from follow-up to technology in the 4g era, China is expected to continue to lead the world in the 5g era and win the vanguard.
Facilities construction is one of the priorities of economic development. New infrastructure construction is richer and more inclusive than traditional infrastructure, more representative of the digital economy, and better able to drive China’s economic transition.
The starting point is the construction of the 5g macrostations, which can be built to improve animal connectivity, car connectivity, industrial Internet, etc. The second infrastructure can lead to a transformation of the country’s industry, with the most important applications being industrial and enterprise applications, which are no less important than a new industrial revolution, and any industry can be upgraded through 5g.
Efficiency, some industries have benefited from 5g technology to generate new applications and business models, which may lead to new competitors, and the position of the incumbent may be subverted. 2.1 pcb volume rises, deep-ploughing the 5g track.
In the 5g era, communications frequency has increased, spectrum ups and signal resistance is weak. The number of base stations has increased 1.5-2 times more than the 4g base station, which has a low communications range of 5g base station, within the same area. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the total number of 4g base stations in 2019 was more than 5.44 million throughout the country, and the total number of 5g base stations is expected to reach more than 10 million.
By the end of the year, 600,000 5g base stations will have been completed, 5g full coverage completed in 5-8 years, with an increase of at least 1 million per year in the price of communications pcb, 5g high-frequency high-speed features for backboards, multiple high-speed boards, high-frequency microwave panels, metal base plates, with a significant increase in the price of pcb based on a total of 5g individual base stations for the exchange of information between listed companies
The 5g base station integrates the rru and antenna modules of the 4g base station into aau, the pcb usage of the rru base station has increased significantly, the use of the massivemimo technique in the antenna has also increased the use of the antenna pcb; the use of pcb in bbu has increased by about 80% compared to the original. Overall, the value of the individual 5g macro station pcb is about 4g base.
The 5g base station pcb uses approximately 1.75 square metres, the single base station pcb is close to 10,000 yuan, with a 5g base station market of 1.75 million square metres pcb and a pcb market of more than 10 billion yuan per year. Owing to the short signal wavelength of the 5g outdoor macro station, the signal decays considerably after crossing the building and indoor coverage.
As a result, indoor micro-stations have become the necessary means of communication enhancement, with the Chinese industrial network predicting that 300,000 micro-based stations will be completed by 2020, that the number of micro-based stations will peak in 2023 and that data will increase dramatically in the 5g era and that data centres will be in high demand. In 2019, the global size of the idc will be about 75 billion yuan.
The market size of China ' s idc was 1584 million yuan, which is 29.04 per cent. Over the past five years, the global idc market has expanded at a rate of 20 per cent, and China ' s idc market has started at a much later pace than the global market, but the rate of growth has declined from 37.77 per cent in 2015 to 29.04 per cent in 2019, and is projected to decline from 37.77 per cent in 2015 to 29.04 per cent in 2019.
With the expansion of downstream applications (4k video, cloud games, ar/vr, object networking, etc.), it is expected that the overall flow of 5g will expand to more than 10 times its current size, directly driving large data centres and marginal small data centres.
Deployment requirements. Additional pcb panels will be needed for the boom of the data centre. At the end of the second quarter of 2020, the number of mega-data centres worldwide increased to 541, more than doubling over the same period in 2015.
The Division is a leading domestic producer of pcb, with a leading share in the country, while high-frequency high-speed multi-layers have high technical barriers and companies are able to benefit further from the capital-building dividends of technological leadership after expansion. Companies can produce bulk 2-68 floors of pcb, with a sample plate of up to 128 floors, and mass production of multi-platform capacity.
The plyboard error at -25um-25um and the stratum error between layers at 5mil-5mil. Backboards are printed circuit boards used in electronic systems to connect or insert multiple single panels to form independent systems. They are widely applied to the core route/exchange, open transmission, telecommunications base station, data centre services/storage.
Complex electronic systems, such as supercomputers, large-scale medical imaging equipment, and aerospace control systems. Companies have always been industry leaders in backboard manufacturing, and industry leaders in the development of back-drilling technology, staircase technology, side-metalization technology and high-frequency material backboarding technology.
The high-speed multi-layers of high-speed conductive graphics and low-discharge high-speed materials are suppressed by the transmission of high-speed circuit signals between chip groups for chip operation and signal processing functions, which are widely applied.
Areas such as communications and services/storage. The company’s high-speed, multi-layered products combine high-speed material applications, back drilling techniques, deep puncture techniques, blinding techniques, pofv technologies, high-reliability tests, etc., to achieve a single-line, high-speed signal transmission rate above 25 gbps.
Large-sized double-blind backboards, 100-storey double-faced backboards and multifunctional integrated copper sheet masters are to be used in data communications, backbone transmission networks and wireless communications base stations.
2.1 The second phase of production was launched in South China, with a steady increase in server usage in company pcb operations, leading to an optimal product structure. In 2018, the company received about $4 billion in pcb, over $7.7 billion in 2019, and in the first quarter of 2020, at pcb.
Of this amount, servers accounted for about 4% of company pcb business income in 2018, about 6% in 2019, and the share of servers in pcb business income increased to 8% in the first quarter of 2020. Given the growing size of the pcb industry itself, revenue in the server sector grew faster than overall business growth.
The demand for orders from communications, data centres (including servers) and medical treatments has been plentiful since the onset of the domestic outbreak and the full recovery of company production, and capacity utilization continues to be high.
The company ' s investment plan for 2020 consists of three main directions: construction expenditure for the second phase of the Southway, intelligent transformation of the former plant, and technological adaptations, including 5g adaptations. The two-phase project for the South Passage (i.e., “Investment of high-speed, high-density, multilayered circuit boards for digital high-speed production” (II)) is to be implemented in the south to the south.
Construction of a new specialized, informative plant on the ground, with a major product of 5g communications products, high-speed high-density, high-level printing of circuit boards by servers, construction of the second phase of the project in the first half of 2019, commissioning in March of this year, and currently in the process of climbing, with a post-partum capacity of 580,000 per year.
In March 2017, the company invested in the South Chinatown project, in the first quarter of 2018, in the first quarter of 2019, in the first quarter of 2019, in the second phase of 2019, and in March of this year, taking into account the capacity of the first phase of the project, 340,000 tablets/years, the second phase of the project is expected to achieve a capacity utilization rate of 80 per cent in the first quarter of next year.
In addition, and with due regard to the risks, the company is considering the continuation of structured construction preparations for new plants at the Nanton Production Base in preparation for possible future capacity needs, provided that the progress of construction and commissioning will be informed by the client and the market.
South Tone II was able to climb the slope. The South Tone II project was launched at the end of q1 and contributed to a new growth in performance during the first cycle of experience and client build-up, with an estimated additional output of 580,000 square metres per year after delivery, generating $1.5 billion in revenue, generating a profit of 3,3ic national production replacement space, and generating new energy.
3.1 Nationally produced alternative space with ic board flying in the wind, the enveloped base plate is a key carrier in the integrated circuit industry chain sealing chain, providing not only support, dispersion, heat and protection of chips, but also electronic connectivity between chips and pcb, which can even be buried in a sourceless, active device.
There is a high degree of correlation between the enveloped and the chip, and different chips are often matched by specially designed enveloped panels. The enveloped sheet market is technologically difficult, with a large amount of investment and industry barriers, and domestic manufacturers are at a very advanced stage of development.
The encapsulation panels may be divided into wb and fc envelopes depending on the encapsulation process. The fuses (wb) apply extensively to radio frequency modules, storage chips, micromechanical power system devices, and the reverse (fc) covers are different from the fuse keys, which are widely applied to products such as cpu, gpu and chipset.
The domestic market for the ic board is growing faster than the global market. According to Prismark, the market for consumer electricity, car electronics, and memory chips has grown significantly, and the global market for the envelope board in 2015 has turned back.
The size of the global market for the ic board was approximately $8.5 billion in 2019, with a compound growth rate of 1.85 per cent in almost four years. In 2014, the market size of the enveloped board was $35.4 billion, with a market size of $38.7 billion by 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 2.25 per cent.
Figure 25 The size and speed of our market for the ic board 2014-2019 is concentrated in Japan and Korea, mainly because of high technology thresholds and high demand for research and development inputs over time. The three world’s top three producers are happy with electronics, ibden and tristars, respectively.
11.2 per cent and 9.9 per cent of the world ' s top 10 manufacturers include e-commerce, ibden, tristar power, Xinse, South Asia Electric, New Light Electric, Sintae, Da-tae, Sun-sun Light and Kyeong Cao, accounting for 83.3 per cent of the total.
China’s market is dominated by three Taiwan manufacturers and four local producers, with Taiwan’s suppliers Xinjin, Xinjin, and South Asia having ic-enveloped base-plating plants in Suzhou and Quinshan; local producers’ deep south circuits, Xinhai Vieta and Xinsen technology are located in Shenzhen, Xinhai and Xianhai.
At present, the domestic market is dominated by the seven above-mentioned manufacturers. For listed companies, the growth in the size of domestic firms has been sustained at more than 20%, with a rapid increase in size and an acceleration in the pace of national production substitution.
In comparison with Hensen Technologies, the circuits are larger, the Maori rate is higher, and the market is more competitive. In 2008, the company moved earlier into the sector, with a strong domestic competitive advantage. In 2008, it entered the area of sealing boards, and in 2009 successfully applied for ownership of the country’s “02-specific” foundation plate project.
Unit, after many years of grinding and exploring, successfully breaking the foreign monopoly of technology, creating a core technology team that is leading the country’s base-line field. The main members of the core technology team are now in-house nurturing.
In the context of national production, the ic plate is expected to continue to provide a positive contribution to the company’s revenue collection.
The products produced by the company consist of five main categories, namely, storage chip envelopes, micromechanical power systems envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip seals and high-speed communication envelopes, which are used mainly in mobile smart terminals, services/storage, etc.
The company has now developed an autonomous intellectual property rights-based block production technology and processes, developed a system of operation in the area of integrated circuits, and has become a long-term partner of leading global sealers such as sun and moon, ETC, and long-electric technology, with a leading competitive advantage in the market for some segmental segmentation.
The material used is bt resin-based bronze, which is a special high-performance base sheet material. The main types of products are fc-csp, wb-csp, memory-emmc, memory-msd, rf and mems-mic.
The share of companies will continue to rise in the future. The memory-emmc, memory-msd, etc., is for the storage of chip envelopes, and the company ' s tin-free plant, which was tested online in June 2019, is mainly for storage.
In 2019, the operating income of the company’s base plate business continued to come mainly from the original base plate plant in Shenzhen, which, when completed, would add 600,000 m2/year to the company’s production capacity. Mems-mic base plate continued to lead, with other products developing in tandem.
The global market is more than 30% in smartphones such as apples and tristars, and the technology and production of soybean microelectronic system envelopes (mems-mics, silicon microphones) continue to be a leader, with orders growing steadily.
Product orders are in good condition and the product structure continues to improve, providing sufficient incentives for business growth. Radio frequency module covers. Base plates are heavily applied to 3g, 4g mobile phone radio frequency modules; high-end storage is applied to embedded storage chips. Chip envelopes have been produced in large quantities. Reverse envelopes (fc-csp) are used for processing chip envelopes.
With advanced containment trends, the value of the base plate is increasing. The envelope is an integral part of the chip envelope, providing not only support, radiation and protection of the chip, but also electrical connection between the chip and the pcb matrix. The envelope contains about 46% of the envelope, which is the key ingredient in the integrated circuit industry chain.
Packaging techniques include traditional and advanced envelopes, where the value of the bga process envelopes is between 40 and 50 per cent; in the reverse chip process, the value of the envelopes is between 70 and 80 per cent; and the value of the envelopes will be further enhanced in the context of the gradual spread of the advanced envelopes.
According to the latest Yole forecast, from 2018 to 2024, the global semiconductor encapsulation market will grow at a compound annual rate of 5%, with the traditional encapsulation market at 2.4% cagr, while the advanced encapsulation market will grow at a compound annual rate of 8.2%.
The size of the semi-conductor envelopes market continues to expand as the advanced envelope market expands. The company is already in a position to produce the fc-csp plates in the processor chip envelope, and the company is expected to do business in the future under the industry’s winding cycle.
In 2015, the company collected $484 million in the enveloped base plate business, and in 2019 it earned $1,164 million in the main base plate business, an increase of 22.94 per cent, or 11.06 per cent, in the same year; Māori, $306 million in the same year, an increase of 8.9 per cent; Māori, 26.25 per cent.
During the last two years, the rate of growth in the ic-boarding plant and the decline in the Maori rate were the company ' s tinless sealing plant, which was tested online in June 2019, mainly for storage types, and is still in progress in the production uphill, as expected, with some key customers certified and in stock.
In this case, the content of the sheet products has a relatively high technical density, with more stringent customer requirements, and a correspondingly longer cycle of product certification and factory climbing. It is expected that in 2021 capacity will be fully released, with an additional capacity of 600,000 square metres. Depending on the edge of the continental crystal circle expansion and storage plant expansion, there will be more room for future import substitution, in the second half of 2020.
The six-month tin-free base-plating plant is expected to achieve a one-month break-down. 4 E-loading combined corporate revenue scale.
Welding on pcb through plug-in, surface-painting, microassembled, etc., to make electronic and electrical connections and connect to functionality and reliability tests, to form modules, whole machines or systems that belong to the downstream part of the pcb manufacturing operation.
The company’s electronic loading union operations focus on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., are already capable of providing a full range of services for its clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, system technical support.
The design capacity of the industry, its strong technological strength, its stable quality performance and its client-oriented philosophy have led to long-term strategic partnerships with such global leaders as Hua Duan, General Electric (including the Ministries of Health, Transport, Hydrocarbons, etc.) and Hornewell.
The company’s electronic assembly consortium is an extension of the printed circuit board business that can better leverage industrial synergies and provide one-stop service to downstream customers to meet customer needs.
Professional outsourcing of links effectively reduces the development and supply cycle of new products, improves production capacity and reduces production costs, while focusing itself on strategic development through branding and marketing channels, rapidly launching new products to consolidate them.
Revenues rose from $68 million to $236 million, compared to 36.49 per cent in Cagr. In 2019, the business register of the company Electronics Consortium increased significantly, at a rate of nearly 70 per cent, and then began to fall, with gross profits rising in 2019. 1) Full coverage of 5g is expected to take 5-8 years, bringing the total number of 5g base stations to more than 10 million.
By 2025, China’s pcb industry market would be 42 billion dollars in size as a whole. (4) A single-month swing loss at a tin-free boarding plant in 2020 was achieved, and production capacity climbed in 2021.
There has been an increase; (2) with the acceleration of the process of national production of the c-boards, the company is expected to collect in the future in the area of the c-boards, respectively $3.67, $4.85 and $5.76, corresponding to 32 times, 24 times and 20 times, respectively, covering for the first time the impregnable slopes of the Nanton II plant, the tinless plant; the construction of 5g below expectations; and increased competition among practitioners.
The data and information used in the present report, which is presented independently and objectively using legally compliant information, come from open information in the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.