Weir shares (603501.ch): Basics are improving by season, multiple track resonance upwards, reiterating the “buy-in” rating of Weir shares: on the fundamentals, we expect Weir shares this year.
There will be a quarterly improvement. This will be based mainly on: 1) the recovery of the company's basic mobile business and the recovery of the engine industry, which will be better in the second half than in the first half of the year. 2) The revenues and profits of new energy vehicles and medical services and new products will be sustained and basic goods will be provided at a high rate of growth.
3) The semiconductor industry is expected to hit the bottom in the second and third quarters of this year, and the company's Beta in the second half of this year has a better chance. So we reiterate Weir's “buy-in” rating.
Completion at the end of the second quarter. This is roughly the same as we saw in the pipeline research. So, the company's cell phone cis sales are expected to grow back with the revival of the smartphone industry, which is consistent with our judgment in Sun Woo's report.
The cost of cell phone image sensors and the Māori rate will improve with a slight adjustment and the listing of new products. We expect the basic disk of Weir's mobile phones to go up on a quarterly basis this year.
In 2022, three fast-growing plates of auto electron, medical, emerging market/material networking already accounted for nearly 40% of corporate image sensor operations. We expect that the growth of these three modules will remain higher than the growth rate of the company as a whole in the coming years.
• Valuation: we use the dcf valuation method to value Weir shares. We use 3.1% investment risk: demand for consumer electronics such as smartphones recovers less than expected, increasing in the second half of the year
The semiconductor industry and the company's chips go faster than expected, drag on image sensors, tddi, etc. The growth of the domestic or overseas new energy vehicle industry is weaker than expected, affecting the delivery of vehicle-borne products. Industry competition is growing again, and players are profiting.
The recovery is slower than expected.
The performance reviews of 2022 and 1q23 have been adversely affected by strong macroeconomic pressures, particularly demand from the consumer electronics sector, and by Weir shares ' operating income and profitability in 2022.
The performance of the 1q23 company is still below market expectations, but at the same time that the Māori rate has fallen, the financial position of Weir shares is already 2022, and operating income is RMB 2078 million, a 17 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to macro-related factors.
The demand for the consumer electronics sector in particular is weak. Of this, the semiconductor design business generated $16.41 billion, a 19 per cent decline in the same year, accounting for 82.2 per cent of the main business income; the semiconductor distribution business earned 1q23 shares.
The operating income was RMB 4,335 million, a decline of 22 per cent from the previous year, and a decline of 8 per cent from the ring, mainly due to the decline in the volume of revenue generated from sales. The company’s performance in the first quarter of the year was lower than expected by the market.
Business Outlook 2023 Business strategy: (1) Focus: Building on the Basics, focusing resources on areas where the company has accumulated a definite advantage in the past, sustaining its dynamism and expanding its leading edge; (2) Empowerment: through the Organization ' s Agenda
Growth: “Growing” as the main theme for 2023. Recovery performance: Management states that the level of 1q23’s revenue has improved noticeably over a month, and that growth trends are expected to continue, with the hope that it will be possible to achieve a recovery-to-growth performance during the year.
The forecast of revenues and profits reflects mainly the decline in the volume of mobile phone shipments and the decline in the Māori rate.
We used the dcf (discovered cashflow method) valuation method to grow 6-10% and permanent 3% per annum for the Well stock. In addition, we assumed that the wcc (weighted average cost of funds) was 7.5%. Other basic assumptions could be taken into account.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
(b) The continued rapid growth of non-mobile business, in particular automobile electronics;
(b) The semiconductor industry and corporate chips do not go as fast as expected:
The largest supplier of Andre's mobile phone, Cis, in the country, is ahead of schedule.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.