Advanced sealing, national production replacement, native sealing dragons.
• Local sealing taps, with a significant lead in the full series: the company is the leading global semiconductor micro-integrator integration and sealing service provider with a high/medium/low end full range of business coverage that can be offered to clients A process-wide technical solution for system-level sealing from design simulation to middle-end sealing has been completed
In the first three quarters of 2020, companies closely tracked customers and market demand, provided high-end customised containment solutions and volume support, and demand for priority customer orders was strong, both within and outside the country, while increasing cost control and operating cost management in the production areas.
Controls, restructuring of products, rapid growth in corporate performance, and significant increases in profitability.  Advanced sealing, combined forces of crystal-crystal construction, and steady market locking growth: sealing is in the middle and lower of the semiconductor chain, and advanced sealing has become the post-Moorian law in terms of industrial dynamics.
The upgrading of key components of electronic system performance, technology upgrading and technology upgrading drive the containment of growth and growth in the market; the continued expansion of domestic upstream crystalline manufacturing chain production from upstream and downstream of the industrial chain; and the urgent push by local-tic producers to replace national production in the supply chain to bring important development opportunities for indigenous-based sealers
In terms of end-use demand, 5g new applications drive up semi-conductor chips, raising the need to measure the market, especially for advanced seals, and are expected to continue to grow steadily, driven by these factors. Depending on the continent's ever-expanding semiconductor industry chain and wide terminals,
Cost markets, China’s closed industries and markets are growing rapidly, and the size and market space are leading the world. The integration of productive resources strengthens complementary advantages, and advanced containment technology is a powerful leader: corporate sealing can be distributed in a variety of geographical areas and has significant advantages, while production zones complement each other, with technological characteristics and skills.
Competing advantage; company master of core technology in the main area of containment, which provides a full range of, one-stop cover technology services, including porosity plugs, surface fittings, area arrays and high-density envelopes, which fully cover low-, medium- and high-end containment testing; and, at the same time, corporate focus
Key application areas, with industry-led advanced containment technologies in such areas as communications 5g, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry, solid technology moats and strong production scale advantages, market share firmly at the forefront of local seals; and companies constantly optimising the public.
The Division's governance, which actively promotes the integration of production line resources, the production of efficiency gains, long-term cooperation among priority clients and advanced surveillance of R & D, as well as the prospects for future development in synergy with China Point International, is promising to take full advantage of the main advantages of soil containment and to benefit from the continued growth of the closed market.
The company, as the leader of the domestic sealing industry, covers advanced sealing techniques and customer outreach, giving a “buy-in” rating.
The company provides customers with a one-stop system for integrating and encapsulating semiconductor microsystems, including integrated circuits.
The products and technologies cover the application of mainstream integrated circuit systems such as network communications, mobile terminals, high-performance computing, vehicle-borne electronics, large data storage, artificial and object-networking, industrial intelligence, etc.
The company has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, and the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund Inc. holds 18% of the company ' s shares and is the company ' s first-largest shareholder, highlighting the company ' s strategic position in the chain of domestically produced semiconductors. The company ' s second-largest shareholder is the Cycetic Semiconductor (Shanghai) Ltd., with a 14.28% share ratio, and the Central Core International Integrated Circuit system.
The company currently provides semiconductor microsystem integration and encapsulation testing services covering high-, medium- and low-end whole group seals, covering a wide range of end-market applications of semiconductor products and in Singapore, Korea, Jiangyang, Jiangzhou, China.
Relocations have global operations centres with clear division of labour, technical features and competitive advantages that can provide clients with process-wide technical solutions from design simulation to back-to-back encapsulation and testing services, system-level encapsulation and testing services. After years of technological accumulation and market opening, companies have become global leaders in semiconductor microsystem integration and encapsulation
Testing the service provider, the top Chinese and third largest global closed firm, with clear leadership in brand leadership, diversified teams, internationalization operations, technical capabilities, quality assurance capabilities, size of production, efficiency of operations, etc. 1.2. Corporate governance optimized with high demand and high performance growth
In 2019, the company achieved business income of 23.526 billion yuan, a decrease of 138 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 89 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 109.44 per cent in the same year. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved business income of 18.763 billion yuan, an increase of 15.85 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 764 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 520.17 per cent in the same year.
During the first three quarters of 2020, companies closely tracked customers and market demand, provided high-end customised encapsulation testing solutions, programme and volume support, and strong demand for international and domestic priority customer orders led to steady growth in corporate revenue collection. At the same time, factories continued to increase cost and operating cost controls, restructure their products, and boost the company’s profitability.
Figure 4: Changes in net profits of the company ' s parent. Main operations of the company. In 2019, chip sealing accounted for 99.66 per cent of total revenues. In 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 11.18 per cent, a decline of 0.25 percentage points from year to year and a net interest rate of 0.41 per cent from year to year.
Inter-firm synergies, technological capabilities and production-capacity layouts are expected to match market and customer needs more closely, and the competitiveness and efficiency of the company’s products are expected to increase continuously, thus increasing profitability.
The encapsulation test is located in the middle and lower of the semiconductor industrial chain and consists of a series of processes such as cutting, patching, keying, plating, etc. for the manufacture of the finished crystal circle in order to protect the chip from damage caused by environmental factors such as physics and chemistry, to enhance the evaporation of the chip, and to introduce the semiconductor industry link from the i/o port of the chip; the test is mainly for the semiconductor industry.
Steps to validate the functionality and performance of semiconductor products such as chips, circuits, etc., with the aim of filtering out structural defects and non-compliant semiconductor products to ensure proper application of the products delivered.
Advanced sealing has become the main increase in the seal market. With the innovation of the sealing technology and the growth of the sealing market, four major stages of technology are under way: Figure 9: To map
Figure 10: Diagram dip puncture plugs (throughholedvices, thd): Characterized by installing a chip plug on pcb, in forms such as to (transistorout-line) and dip (dualin-linepackage) with the advantage of being solid and capable
Crap, heat radiating well, the disadvantage is that the number of feet and the density of the envelopes are difficult to increase and do not easily meet the requirements of automated production. Surface fitting (surfacemounttechnology, smt): characteristic is the replacement of the foot of the needle with a fuse, which is drawn from both sides or four sides of the chip, welded onto a welded disk at a specified position on the surface of pcb, typically in the form of smalloutline
Package, sot (smalloutlinetransistor), qfn (quaadflatno-leadpackage), among others, has the advantage of significantly increasing the number of drags and the density of the envelopes compared to the thd, the overall light, thin, small, and high circuit performance of the post-encapable components. The disadvantage is that the fuse still limits the increase in the density of the envelopes.
Figure 11: Sop-map Figure 12: q-fn-map Area array envelopes: Market seals welded, driven by the trend towards miniaturization and multifunctionalization of electronics
Balls, instead of smt techniques, distributed in an area array, are characterized by the placement of the chip i/o in the base of the base plate in the form of a metal welding ball (bump) array. Typical forms include bga (ballgridaray), fc (flupchip), fiwlp (fan-inwaferlevelpacage),
Fowlp (fan-outwaferlevelpackage), mcp (multichippackage), ed (embedededdie) figure 13:bga map, in addition to the large scale application of sip (systeminpackage) as a completely new form in the wrapping market, characteristic
It is the integration of different types and functions of chips into the same body, so that more complete system functions can be achieved. The advantages of area array containment techniques and sip are that they solve technical problems such as multifunctionality, high integration, high speed, low power consumption, multi-guide integration, circuit chip encapsulation. The disadvantages are that they increase the density of envelopes on only two-dimensional plane levels, with high-density envelopes.
I don't know, more than Moore:diversification moremoore: passives
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I's going to the door.
9socandsip. system-in-package baseline
(sip) cios: ighervaluesystems
information consulting geneticcontent
system-on-chip (soc)beyondcmos
High-density encapsulation: Characterized as a three-dimensional integration and signal connection of different functional chips or structures in the direction of z-axis through stacking and perforation techniques, typically 3d stacking, tsv (throughsiliconvia), with the advantage of further increasing the encapsulation density on the basis of smt and area array envelopes by stacking in 3-dimensional directions,
It also significantly improves the speed of signal transmission, reduces power consumption, and at the same time encapsulates the smaller size of the pieces. The disadvantage is that technological development is difficult and the maturity and abundance of key technologies such as stacking and piercing are still to be enhanced.
During the post-Moor Law Age, the unique dimensions of the chip process are approaching physical limits, and advanced containment techniques, represented by the sip, the 3d stack and so on, are one of the ways to continue the Moor's Law.
The main function of traditional envelopes, such as tip, sop, is to protect the chip from external environmental factors, while miniaturizing as much as possible the overall size of the envelope, while advanced envelopes on the basis of traditional envelopes need to improve the performance of the chip in terms of power consumption, heat dispersion and data transmission speed, thus achieving system-levelity.
In the traditional envelopes, top, sot, sot, qfn, etc., which are plugged in, have matured and are widely applied, and the traditional envelopes currently account for the main market share of the envelopes and are expected to remain stable in the future. According to Yole, in 2018, the global market size of the traditional envelopes was about 38 billion United States dollars.
Euros, representing about 57.9 per cent of the entire encapsulation market, are expected to be about $44.1 billion in 2024, or about 50.3 per cent, and cagr, or about 2 per cent, of the traditional encapsulation market, 2018-2024.bga, fc, fiwlp, fowlp, mcp, ed, etc.
The application of high-density containment technologies, represented by 3d stacks and tsv, is promising, and is the dominant trend in the global seal market. According to yole, the global market for advanced seals was about $27.6 billion in 2018, globally sealed.
About 42.1 per cent of the loading market, about $43.6 billion in 2024, or 49.7 per cent of the projected size of the advanced global market, and about 8 per cent of the global advanced seal market, Cagr, 2018-2024, are expected to grow even more significantly than the overall wrap market (cagr = 5 per cent) and the traditional wrap market during the same period, which will be the global seal market.
At the technical level, in 2019, the most advanced packaged fc was the largest segment of the market, and according to yole data, the share of fc in the world ' s most advanced envelopes was 75%, compared to 12%, 7%, 6%, ed, and 3d stacking and fowlp, respectively.
And the application of ed is expected to accelerate, and the market will open up to rapid growth. According to yole data, in silicon, it is expected that in 2025, fc, fiwlp, 3d stacking, fowlp, ed in the advanced encapsulation market will account for 71%, respectively. At the application level, the most advanced envelopes will be used mainly for mobile & consumer electronics, cars, etc., delivery electronics and telecommunications bases.
In 2018, according to Yole data, mobile & consumer electronics, motor vehicles, etc., were the first three applications for advanced containment, accounting for 84%, 9%, and 6% respectively. In 2024, mobile & consumer electronic applications were expected to account for about 72%, and 2018-2024.
The telecommunications infrastructure is the fastest growing application market in the advanced envelope market, which accounts for 15 per cent of the total, with cagr in 2018-2024 accounting for about 28 per cent. 2.2. Large expansion of domestic crystalline production line, accompanied by a continuous rise in demand for sealing
In recent years, as our home-grown crystallines and offshore semiconductor manufacturers have been investing in the mainland, the continental crystal-crystal manufacturing chain has grown in size. According to icinsight data, in 2019, our continental area produced 27.79 million pieces of crystal-crystal capacity, surpassing North America for the first time in the fourth place in the world, with a share of global crystal-crystal manufacturing capacity.
At present, the tide of the country’s crystal-crystal construction plants has increased and the size of the crystal-crystal manufacturing line has accelerated. According to Chipinsight, in 2019, 12 of the transcrystal plants in the mainland region of the country were operational, 14 were in the production phase, 15 were still under construction, and 7 were planned, totalling 57, with a total investment of 1.5 trillion yuan.
Between 2017 and 2020, 62 new crystal-crystal plants will be in operation globally, 26 of them in the mainland region of the country, or 42% of them. In the future, the country is expected to continue to invest heavily in semiconductor manufacturing, which is expected to generate production capacity.
According to the icinsight projections, our continental area is expected to outperform Japan in 2020 and to outperform South Korea in 2022, rising to the second highest in the world, after our Taiwan region, when the continental area will have 4.1 million units per month, with 17.15 per cent of the global crystal production capacity, 2019-2022 on our mainland.
The cagr of regional crystal circle manufacturing capacity is 14.81%, which is significantly higher than the growth in global crystal manufacturing capacity during the same period (cagr = 7.01%). As the upstream crystallization chain moves forward, it is expected that the accompanying market demand will synchronize.
At present, the country lacks sufficient self-sufficiency in the core semiconductor components, and has a large national production replacement space. For example, in 2019, our enterprises had a low market share in radio filtration filters, power magnifiers, low noise amplifiers and switches, and the country's key RF front end chip products were still largely dependent on imports.
At the same time, the emergence of trade frictions between China and the United States highlights the country’s self-controllable imperatives of the semiconductor industrial chain. In the development of semiconductor products, raw materials, eda tools, manufacturing, sealing, testing, etc.
Self-control is critical to supply chain security, product diffusion, and market opportunities for firms at all levels. Without a semi-conductor industry chain in our country, which is expected to gradually upgrade the localization of the supply chain, indigenous lock-in chains are expected to benefit fully from location advantage and leading market location and deep technological accumulation.
2.4.5g leads to an upgrade of semiconductor chips, which drives market size growth, and 5g leads to an upgrade of semiconductor chips, which is expected to significantly increase the demand for sealing industries. 5g mobile phones have a significantly higher data transfer rate than 4g and require a higher-speed, 5g-band chip support.
. With shorter interchip data transfer times, such as wrapping techniques, wlp, csp and 3d stacking, the speed of data transmission can be significantly increased and power reduced, while 3d stacking techniques can significantly reduce chip sizes and increase chip evaporation, and are currently in cpu, gpu
High-performance processor products such as fpga have been widely used. 5g high-speed properties will significantly increase the amount of data throughput of the terminal equipment, both for data caches and storage, with larger storage chips, and high-capacity storage technologies based on advanced containment processes such as 3dtsv
The miniaturization of the size of the film, as the storage chip is increasing towards a large capacity, and the application of the relevant containment technology is illustrated by, inter alia, large-scale equipment access in the 5g era, so that 5g is expected to drive the use of semiconductor products such as smart end processors, simulation chips and sensors, thereby driving the demand for downstream envelopes.
Figure 36: Application of encapsulation technology in smartphones
Intra-industry drivers, advanced sealing has become a key element in upgrading electronic systems in the post-Moorian era, with technological upgrading driving the capture of endogenous growth in the market; upstream and downstream in the industrial chain, with domestic upstream crystal circle systems continuously expanding in size of chain production lines and with local-ic manufacturers pressing for the supply chain to be replaced by home-grown sealers.
Key development opportunities: In terms of end-use demand, the new 5g application pushed up the semiconductor chip, raised the demand for the application of the seal market, particularly advanced seals, and is expected to continue to grow steadily, driven by the above factors.Yole data show that the size of the global seal market in 2018 reached $56 billion, an increase of 5.07 per cent, compared with 5.07 per cent.
According to China’s semiconductor industry association, China’s closed market in 2018 was about 21.9390 billion yuan, an increase of 16.10% from the previous year, and is expected to grow steadily in the future. The world’s sealing industry is on its way, with the continent gradually seizing its share of the world’s closed industry.
In Taiwan, China, the United States, and mainland China, where China is the most developed part of the global semiconductor-modern industrial chain, the United States has a large number of semiconductor Idm enterprises, which are integrated within the production chain of various semiconductors, and China has actively promoted the development of semiconductor industries in recent years, compared to technology.
The technology-intensive semiconductor design and technology-intensive and asset-intensive semiconductor manufacturing, the semiconductor sealing development door, the relatively low level of growth, which led to a rapid start in mainland China and the rapid expansion of the continent ' s ever-expanding semiconductor industrial chain and vast end-use markets. According to icinsight data, China ' s continental sealing capacity was fully available in 2016.
With 12% of the world’s total production capacity, it is expected that the share of the continent’s sealing capacity will continue to rise in the future.
In China, Singapore and the Republic of Korea, the company now forms several major production bases, with sufficient production capacity in each production area, and with increased capacity utilization, it is expected that the strength of the company ' s production will be further highlighted. At the same time, the regions complement each other, with technical features and competitive advantages, and cover the full range of low-, medium- and high-end containment testing areas, with multiple types of sealed products.
Global service capacity. Among them: Long Power HQ: extensive layout in areas such as traditional envelopes (qnf) and advanced envelopes (bga, fc and cip), which can provide one-stop containment solutions for customers, technological accumulation and market competitiveness.
Long- and high-end containment technology and service capability, 2019. The long- and integrated circuit centre worked in depth with major domestic and foreign customers on the high-end tip project, forming a patented advantage over a megaqf (greater than 10x10), taking over security, tv applications.
Long-power advanced: with a leading platform of containment technology R & D services with bumping, wlcsp, tsv, etc., the long-power advanced successfully developed fiecp 01005 technology and achieved the smallest and thinest cover wlcsp State plant: main small-power device lead frame covers, split device and testing, 2019 plant hfbp (autonomous)
The new product development project in the series (sexual encapsulation) has completed the production of pre-productions; and the housing plant: the main power plant has a frame-in-line containment test, which achieved a 42.5 per cent conversion rate in 2019, higher than the target, and on pdfn, to-220 etc., has achieved the replacement of aluminium belts with copper lines and reduced the cost of manufacturing by 25 per cent, with a clear cost advantage for the plant and the products covered.
Singapore plant: complete technical solutions from surface fitting (qfn), area array envelopes (pbga, fbga, lga) to high-density envelopes (fiwlp, fowlp, ipd, Tsv, 2.5d/3d) and test capabilities for high-end radio frequency devices, hybrid signal devices and high-speed devices in the field of global containment technology
(c) Containment technology with low-cost, high-yield, high-quality and fast-delivery capabilities, widely applied in the areas of pc, network, storage, consumer electronics and automobile electronics.
(a) The Starcombing Korea Plant: A full set of technical services can be provided from the initial envelope design to the final test, and focus on the development of advanced high-end containment technologies, including complex multichip envelopes, 3d stacking, sip, pop (packageonpackage), pip (packageinpackage), bga and high-end fc.
Long-term power: Sip technology, in conjunction with a market opening in Korea. 3.2. A full series of one-stop service capabilities, advanced containment technology for key applications such as 5g. Companies have a number of core technologies in the main containment areas, and are able to provide them, thanks to a deep accumulation of technology.
In the field of welding technology, companies have low-cost copper wire-wiring techniques that can provide a series of fuse-boxing solutions ranging from standard to thin to heat-resistant, as well as small spacing, ultra thin, multichip, etc.
Table 1: Corporate welding wrapping solutions (cu)
Quadflatpackage (qfp), quad/dualflatno-leadpackage (qfn/dfn) andthin quote frame encapsat smalloutlinepackages (tsop), smalloutlinetransistors(sot), smalloutline
Weld seals (sop), dualinlinepackages (dip), transistoroutline (to).
bga, pop, Pip, Figure 45: Reverse wrapping techniques Figure 44: Welding wrapping techniques
In the area of inverted encapsulation technology, companies can provide one-stop technology services ranging from single chips, modules to complex 3d envelopes, covering a wide range of technologies ranging from high-value to advanced envelopes, with the advantages of miniaturization, excellent electrology, thermal properties, high-density interconnections, and low-sending effects. In addition, companies have introduced low-cost combinations through autonomous innovation.
And the advanced fccube inverted technology, which allows very small contour spacing and high i/o extension, to be applied to medium- and high-end network applications and consumer electronics. Table 2: Corporate inverted encapsulation solutions
fcbga, fccsp, fccsp-hybrid, fclga, fccube, barediefpop, moldedlasercfpop, 3dtsvintercontract, fcol-flipchipondframe
In the area of system-level encapsulation technology, companies can provide a combination of logical chips, storages, ipd, rf devices, sensors, antennas, connectors and power chips for modularization systems with technical advantages such as high integration, multifunctionality, high speed, low power and small size.
In the field of crystal circle containment technology, the company leads the industry in the field of crystal circle sealing and can provide new packaging techniques such as fiwlp, fowlp, ewlb (embedwaterverlbga), ewlcsp (encapsulated wlcsp), ecp, etc., which help to achieve higher performance and richer functionality in miniaturized, low-cost devices.
In the area of 2.5d/3d containment technology, the component of 2.5d/3d consists mainly of three technical routes: (1) envelope-level integration:
Collapse chips or envelope structures, including sd (stackeddie), pop and pip, using wired or inverted technology. (2) Crystal Circulatory Integration: Connecting at the crystalline level, including ewlb, wlcsp and ewlcsp. (3) Silicon Level Integration: Connecting different chips directly on silicon crystal circle using techniques such as Tsv
The company can now provide silicon-level integration programmes such as 2.5d/extendedewlb, meoltsv, and use technologies such as fc, wlp and tsv to drive the development of 2.5d/3d envelope solutions to achieve higher integration, smaller sizes, better electrical performance and lower time-series delays. The market for future applications is promising.
Figure 47: Company crystal circle encapsulation solutions Figure 48: Company 2.5d/3d encapsulation solutions Focus on key application areas in key areas such as communication 5g, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry
At present, companies have developed in parallel with their international counterparts in the area of pre-enveloping, leading industry containment technologies (e.g., sip, wlcsp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and 2.5d/3d in development) and combined signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages.
Large-scale production provides markets and customers with customized technology solutions. In the 5g communications application market domain, the demand for digital high-performance signal processing chips for the 5g communications network base station and data centre is rising and the market is rising rapidly.
From 12x12mm to 65x65mm full-size fcbga capacity. Figure 49: Company wlcsp technology. Figure 50: Company fcbga technology.
In the 5g mobile terminal area, the formula pre-positions the sip technology, coupled with multiple international high-end clients completing the development and volume of multiple 5g radio frequency (RF) modules, product performances and good leadership ahead of international competitors have been applied to multiple high-end 5g mobile terminals. On the main components of mobile terminals, full coverage of the required type of envelope has been achieved.
The high end density aip programme has been validated and is entering the mass production phase; in addition, the company owns the cis process line that can be applied to high-performance, high-pixel cameras, and it also competes further for the company's market for fast-growing cameras.
Figure 52: Company ' s qfn technology, in the area of vehicle-borne electronics, the company ' s sip module applied to the smart car dms system is already being developed for validation; the ewlb programme applied to the smart car 77ghzlidar system has been validated as having been adopted and proved to be the best fit package;
The qfn scheme for vehicle safety systems (airbags) and driving stabilization detection systems has been validated, approved and produced. In 2019, the company Hsing Kogang Pengang Ming factory was recognized as a car product of a well-known European vehicle manufacturer and certified as a product process for vda6.3; the Hseng Kim Peng Korea factory was also certified as a multi-country vehicle for Euro-American Korea.
In the semiconductor storage market, corporate sealing services cover a variety of memory chip stacks such as dram, flash, usb, ssd, etc.
In the area of the i artificial intelligence/iot network, the company ' s domestic plant area covers most of the generic envelopes in the encapsulation industry The test type and some of the high-end wrapping type, with sufficient capacity, short delivery period and good quality (with a good rate of 99.9% or more), and the Jiangyang factory area meets the one-stop service of customers from the middle-way seal to system integration and testing.
By the end of June 2020, the company had 3.231 patents, including 2.458 patents (1,494 patents obtained in the United States), covering medium- and high-end sealing areas and establishing a solid technology mound for the company.
At the same time, the company's production and business-scale industries are leading, with the share of companies in the global blackout in the first quarter of 2020 estimated at 11.3 per cent, the third largest in the world and the first in the country.
In 2019, Mr. Zhou Kochi served as Chairman of the Corporation, while Mr. Zhou Kochi also served as Chairman and Executive Director of Nakachi International, Mr. Jung Li was Director and CEO of the Corporation, and Mr. Jung Li was Senior Vice-President of China Hari International Global Marketing.
Management experience. This management restructuring is expected to further optimize corporate governance,2 in terms of management: Deepening functional integration at headquarters and promoting the sharing and redeployment of production line resources; Promoting efficiency gains in mitigation and continuously improving profitability in production areas such as Starcomb, through streamlined production, while at the same time enhancing profitability.
Controlling supply and demand, reducing excess stocks, increasing stock turnover and improving the efficiency of business management; collating core products and customer resources, strengthening core competitiveness in various sectors and targeting the long-term development of priority clients \triangleright
(b) Continue to strengthen R & D inputs for advanced technologies such as envelopes, enhance the simultaneous R & D capabilities of China and Korea R & D centres, take advantage of patents, collaborate with the engineering and technological forces of factories, and complement design simulation tests, process integration and product development to ensure that technology and product R & D are in the forefront of the industry.
At the operational level, the synergies between the company and the center core international crystal circle manufacturing business are significant. On the one hand, the company is expected to cooperate with the center core with the full range of containment technology. On the other hand, the center core is now working on a semiconductor-manufacturing lead field layout, while the company accumulates deep in advanced areas of packaging such as 3d stacks, Tsv, etc.
Co-operative in the manufacturing and sealing of semiconductor products, enhancing the company's differentiated competitive advantage over other osats, 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
(Total market value, price collection data updated to 8 January 2021; company eps, pe data from wind, except for long power technology, rich insignia, liyan chips) 1) Market demand is not as high as expected: if semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected, company sales may be affected
(ii) Unexpected roll-out of new products: higher specialization in technology containment research and development, existence of certain technical barriers, high technological difficulties in development and investment in research and development, less than expected pace of research and development for a new generation of products, scale of collection of corporate core business, and
3) Customer failure: A change in the firm’s stable partnership with its main clients or the failure of the client to open up as expected due to the slowdown in downstream demand could have a negative impact on the company’s performance.