1022 corrosion equipment revenue increased by 105 per cent over the year, profitability increased significantly, operating income increased by 57.3 per cent over the year, and net profits increased significantly. 1022 companies earned 949 million yuan (yoy57.3 per cent, qoq - 8.3 per cent) and net profit to mothers of 117 million yuan (yoy-14.9 per cent, qoq-75.0 per cent).
The net profit not attributable to the mother is 186 million yuan (yoy1578.2%, qoq17.0%). The main reason for the increase is the semiconductor huhui2@guosen.com.cn market development for body equipment and the competitive advantage of the company ' s products, and the company ' s main business is particularly the revenue from corrosion equipment.
Significant increase: The main decrease in the net return on maternity compared to the previous period is about $196 million in non-recurring gains and losses from the current period compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly consisting of: (i) government subsidy gains for the current period, which account for gains and losses from the current period, were significantly lower in the current period compared to the same period in the previous year, resulting in a related fair value change loss of $101 million, compared to $101 million in the same period in the previous year.
The Māori rate is 45.47% (yoy+4.6pct, qoq+0.76pct). Erosion equipment benefits from product competition, advantages and equipment market developments, yielding revenues of $714 million (oy10.0%) a single season, ccp carving batches are applied to the production lines of the domestic and foreign front-line customer ' s ic manufacturing line, and market occupancy rates are continuously raised, at the Ministry level.
The market share of sub-clients has reached the top three; the number of applications where the icp etching machine has completed certification on the client has continued to increase; and the current revenue of mocvd equipment, which is about 68.6 per cent lower than the same period in the previous year, is estimated at $4.2 billion as a result of the company ' s newly signed Miniledmocvd equipment size order, which has not yet been recognized for the current period.
The global semiconductor manufacturing equipment market is characterized by a high degree of innovation in size and an increase in the intensity of R & D inputs in the extended product category. Semi expects to invest $103 billion (Yoy14%) in semiconductor manufacturing equipment globally in 2022, breaking $100 billion for the first time, and entering the crystal manufacturing extension cycle in the country.
In addition to ensuring the rapid and steady growth of core operations such as plasma etching equipment and mocvd equipment, lpcvd equipment and epi equipment are being developed in the area of integrated circuits, and good progress has been made. In addition, the company is planning to develop key equipment such as ald equipment and ale equipment.
China Micro Corporation (688012.sh) - Rapid growth of income from corrosion equipment, R & D enhancement Investment proposal: Indigenous semiconductor etching of equipment taps, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Observing the growth of companies in the global semiconductor crystal round manufacturing equipment market, the company is expected to report semi-annually: semiconductor, etching head, in the first quarter of the year: high demand, etching equipment.
Annual Report Review, China Micro Co.-688012-2020: Erosion of equipment, accelerated by Figure 1: Companies ' annual operating income and year-on-year increases, Figure 2: Companies ' annual net return profits and year-on-year increases
Figure 3: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase of the year, Figure 4: Quarterly net profit return of the company and rate of increase of the year, Figure 5: Cost rates of the company during the quarter
Figure 6: Quarterly Māori rates, net interest rates and rates for the period Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author