Quarterly Review 2022: Corrupt Equipment Performance, 30/04/2022 Research Assistant Loe-Jeong
A 105% increase in corrosion equipment in the same year, a high rate of growth at the q1 end of income, an operating income of 949 million yuan for the 2022q1 company, or 57.31% for the same year, and a high rate of growth in the wake of the adverse effects of the Shanghai epidemic in March, better than market expectations.
+105.03 per cent, mainly due to the strong performance of the semiconductor equipment industry in 2021, the company ' s ccp, icp equipment order was fully replenished, with 2022q1 receiving and inspection equipment substantially upgraded; 2mocvd equipment earned $42 million, or 68.59 per cent of the total, primarily because the newly signed miniledmocvd equipment scale order had not been recognized and was expected to be followed up at the revenue end.
▪ Optimizing product structure to increase Māori rates by significantly raising the level of net non-mortality interest rates
The level of profit after deduction has improved significantly: 1 Māori end, with a combined Māori rate of 45.47 per cent for q1 in 2022, with a positive and sustained drive for new product development, a new base building opening up growth space, and a company that, while consolidating the competitive advantage of existing products, actively promotes the development of new products and opens up market space.
ccp etching devices: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines, and developing more advanced ccp etching products. 2icp devices: matured gradually, primonovačp etching products have been certified on more than 100 icp etching processes on the production lines of more than 15 customers.
Mocvd equipment: Active layout of third-generation semiconductor equipment market for powerware applications, development of gan power. China Micro Company (688012): mocvd equipment for 2021 report product volume applications, which is now delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production validation. 4 membrane submersion
Review: Semiconductor equipment requirements are strong, in hand: tungsten-cvd metal-based equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald equipment to achieve a higher depth, a wider ratio and a smaller filling of key dimensions to meet the needs of high-end logical devices and advanced storage chips.
With regard to production capacity, in 2021 the company launched successive construction projects, such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industry Base, and Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters, to provide the basis for the company’s medium- and long-term high-growth growth as the subsequent production capacity accelerates.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: given the uncertainty of the impact of the epidemic on the supply chain, we have carefully adjusted it down.
Reporting point: o3 steady growth in performance and profitability