On March 30, 2022, the company published its annual report, which generated revenue of $3.1008 billion in 2021.
36.7 per cent; net return to mother ' s margin of 1,011 million yuan, a 105.5 per cent increase in the same year; income of 324 million net lost profits continued to rise and profitability increased significantly. In 2021, corporate operating income amounted to 3.108 billion yuan, the same as \triangleright
This represents an increase of 36.7%, mainly as a result of a significant increase in income from corrosion equipment. The company achieved revenue from corrosion equipment throughout the year on new products in Miniled, but the new bill has not yet generated a larger income of $503 million and $1 billion, an increase of 131.8%.
On the profit side, the company's annual profit rate has increased strongly. The Māori rate has increased by 6 pct to 43.4% over the year, mainly because of the Māori rate for mocvd equipment, which increased by 15 pct to 33.77% over the year, and the ratio of scavenging income, which has been 44.3% for the same period last year.
Shares, which cover 99.4% of the total number of employees of the company, share the growth of the company with its employees.
The lead, the 5nm chip line and the next generation of test production lines for the products of frontline customers overseas, were partially closed.
3dnand's orders have been growing steadily, while corporate icp etching equipment has also been making a breakthrough, validated by a number of customer processes and achieving MSMEs (688012) performances.
Repeated orders, output for the year was 134, an increase of more than 235% over the year. For logical chips under 5nm, comment: corrosion equipment is growing steadily and mocvd is waiting to start with the miniled.
The dram chip 1xnm production and the icp equipment above 3dnand 128 floors are also under development. 3. Medium Micro (688012) performance rating: continued high growth in etching, mocvd is ready to return.
The monthly mocvd equipment for miniled received orders for more than 100 cavities over six months, and the market promoted the results. The company was also active in the layout of the third generation of mocvd devices for power device applications, and the gan mocvd has been delivered for validation and the sic extension mocvd equipment development has been initiated.
In addition to the two major industries, etching and mocvd, the company’s product lines have expanded steadily and steadily. The lpcvd equipment for tungsten contact filling has been delivered to the client for certification, and the epi equipment for gesi-extension has entered the prototype design, fabrication and debugging phase. In addition, the company is planning to develop key process equipment, such as ald equipment and ale, a product matrix.
\triangleright corresponds to 16/11/9 times the current price, and given the company's market position as the leader of domestic semiconductor equipment, it is expected to enjoy downstream expansion and national production dividends and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.