Tungsten filling cvd equipment is progressing in stages, the membrane etching and sinking of new products will enter the harvest period and the number of icp corrosion delivery cavities is higher than expected. The number of cavities delivered in 21 years is 491, an increase of 66.4%.
For the sale of mocvd equipment, the company's new miniledmocvd device, prsmounimax, was released last year.
In 21 years, the company achieved a 37% increase in revenue over the previous two years, with a significant increase in revenue of $2,004 million, or 64% over the same period; the mocvd equipment received a 55% increase over the previous two years.
Product structure optimized and profitability increased considerably. The Māori ratio of specialized equipment increased by 4.88 percentage points to 42.20 per cent last year, with the Māori ratio of mocvd equipment rising by 18.65 percentage points to 33.77 per cent; the corrosion device remained at a relatively high level of 44.32 per cent.
ccp Plasma etching enters the advanced 5 nanochip production line and the next generation of test production lines. Successful 5 nanometer etching equipment is developed and evaluated and sold at the advanced logic chip production plant. Design, manufacture, testing, and initial process development and evaluation of the 3 nanometer etching machine alpha prototype are completed.
The company's icp etching equipment has matured. Primonanovačicp etching products have been certified on more than 100 icp etching processes on the production lines of more than 15 customers. In March 2021, the company developed and launched a dual-reaction station icp etching device with high-output rates, which is already in the lead in the country.
Obtains the technological frontier where the process equipment product platform emitted from the film graphics tool to the film sedimentation and extended growth device.
(i) tungsten-filling lpcvd equipment achieves phased progress. The cvd tungsten process equipment capability applied to metal interconnections has been able to meet customer process certification needs and the product is being calibrated with key customers.
The company is further developing cvd and ald equipment. (2) Sigeepi completes the design programme and enters the prototype construction phase. In 2021, an epi equipment development team was formed to develop basic research and incorporate technical feedback from key clients, resulting in the pre-processing and extension of autonomous intellectual property rights and innovations.
Reaction cavity design. The company ' s pi equipment has now entered the prototype design, manufacturing and debugging phase to meet the electrical and reliability needs of the sige extension process in the advanced in-house process. (3) The active layout of the third generation semiconductor equipment market for powerware applications.
The mocvd equipment has now been delivered to leading domestic and foreign clients for production certification. The production line for the silicon carbide plant was launched and will be further enriched by the development of the equipment at a standard market rate of 30 March 2022.
Given the dramatic 21-year growth in corporate orders for corrosion equipment, especially icp, and the over-anticipated growth of mocvd equipment orders, the expansion of the Crystal Circle plant has not been as anticipated, the lack of spare parts has delayed the delivery of equipment and the uncertainty of international geopolitical frictions.
China Insignia: 84 per cent increase in revenue from corrosion equipment, Sino-Sino International Securities Company, Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The sales performance in 21 years was impressive and the harvest was strong The company achieved revenues of $3.1008 billion in 21 years, an increase of 37 per cent over the previous two years, a significant increase over the previous two years.
In 21 years, the number of product cavities delivered was 491, with 66.4 per cent growth in the same year, the sales of the main-camp products were impressive, and there was a high rate of growth at the end of the support: corrosion equipment: ccp carving machines delivered 298 cavities, a 40 per cent increase in the same year; icp corrosion machines delivered 134 cavities, a 235 per cent increase in the same year, taking mocvd equipment: the company's newly released miniledmocvd equipment, prsmounimax, has gained a number of domestic leaders over a six-month period.
The total volume of orders in excess of 100 cavities shows a high level of recognition of the company’s products within the industry.
The company ' s net profit from withholdings increased by 1291 per cent in 21 years, the gross profit rate from specialized equipment increased by 4.88 percentage points to 42.20 per cent, and the product population. The significant improvement in Maori led to a significant increase in the profitability of the company, including: mocvd equipment: the gross profit rate increased by 18.65 percentage points to 33.77 per cent, mainly due to the improved income structure of mocvd.
The introduction of the miniled mass-production mocvd device has a higher Māori content. Erosion equipment: remains at a higher level of 44.32%, raising the income ratio from 7 percentage points to 64% last year, driving the overall profitable water.
The corrosion device continues to have a leading advantage. According to company announcements, its ccp etching product continues to raise market rates on the logic and storage chip production lines of frontline domestic and foreign customers, reaching the top three or even the top two in some key customer markets; at the same time, the company’s icp etching equipment was certified and obtained duplicate orders in 2021 through a number of customer processes.
ccp etching: (1) with regard to advanced logical circuits, repeat orders were successfully obtained for 5 nm and the following logical circuit lines; (2) with regard to storage circuits, the 64th floor and 128th floor 3dnand production lines were widely used. (3) The company's new 8-inch crystal circle, processing the ccp corrosion device, prmoad-rie 200 mm, allows for flexible configuration of up to three dual-reaction counter response cavities (i.e., six stations) and
Provide flexible solutions that can be upgraded to a 12-inch corrosion device system to further enhance the company’s ccp product mix. icp etching: (1) The company’s prmonovaicp etching product has been validated by more than 100 icp etching processes on the production lines of more than 15 clients and, by the end of December 21, has successfully delivered over 180 reaction cavities and continuously upgraded the icp etching
The company's newly introduced high-output double-reacting device, prmotwin-star, has been certified on the production line of pre-clients in the country and has received orders from more domestic customers. (3) 8 inches and 12 inches of deep silicon corrosion equipment, prmotsv200e, prmotsv300e in advanced system encapsulation, 2.5-dimensional encapsulation and micromechanical system chips.
While mature etching markets, such as production lines, continue to receive duplicate orders, the product mix of mocvd devices in emerging markets, such as 3d chips, has also started to improve significantly. (1) The company’s blue light prismoa7 and the deep UV extension prismohit3 4 or 72 6 inches of extras, with orders received in bulk over 100 in six months from many of its leading domestic customers.
(iii) Development of specialized mocvd equipment for microled applications. (4) Active layout of third-generation semiconductor equipment for powerware applications, and development of mocvd equipment for gan powerware volume production applications, are now being delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production validation. (5) Development of equipment for extrapolated production of carbonated silicone devices is initiated.
A phased breakthrough in the development and development of film deposition equipment. (1) The company ' s cvd tungsten process equipment capability for metal interconnection has been able to meet the needs of customer process certification, and the product is being calibrated with key customers. (2) Further development of cvd and ald equipment is under way to achieve a more deep-wide and smaller filling of key dimensions to meet the needs of high-end logical devices and advanced storage chips. (3) Organization of epi
The equipment research and development team has developed a design programme for autonomous intellectual property rights and innovative pre-processing and expansive cavities, entering the design, production, and debugging phase of the prototype to meet the electrical and reliability needs of the silicon-extension growth process in advanced processes. A three-dimensional development strategy has been actively pursued to create a window for sustained growth.
Designing and developing ald, ale, etc. equipment, and also initiating the development of mocvd equipment for the manufacture of microled, power devices, etc., along with measuring area expanses through participation in Shanghai wisdom, semiconductor material expanses in Shan Dong-yeon, pecvd expanses in the pecvd field, forming platforms such as semiconductor (engineing, sedimenting, measuring, materials) and general semiconductor (mocvd)
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)