Postal Bank (601658): Non-interest income bright, financial reporting reasons: Performance rating yoy) 76.562 billion yuan net profit (+0.98%, yoy). At the end of the third quarter, the total assets of the company were 18,61 trillion yuan.
qoq), with non-performing loan provision coverage of 240.21% (approximately 20 pct, qoq). q3 one-quarter net interest difference of 1.64%, with a 5bps drop in the ring, a decline of about 21bps compared to the previous year. Public credit continues to grow faster and financial investment has slowed down slightly. q3 Postal Bank loans have increased slightly, but have declined slightly.
Still faster than the industry. On the specific structural level, the increase in innovation in public and private lending is largely due to increased corporate lending in the areas of advanced manufacturing, green finance, science and technology finance, inclusive finance. In addition, the policy of fiscal interest on operating loans has contributed to the growth of the loans in question; the discounting of instruments has been slightly lower than in the same period last year, reflecting complementarity with general lending.
The increase in the size of financial investment has increased significantly, with a slight deviation from the marginal slowdown in government debt financing, or because credit allocation has stagnated in favour of government debt against a background of weak individual lending. q3 Postal Bank deposits have slowed slightly, and are more synchronized with the end of the asset.
However, a departure from the m2 boom was due mainly to the relatively high share of individual deposits in the deposit structure of the Postal Bank and the smaller base number of deposits, while the m2 upturn was more related to the low base of governance “manually charged interest” over the same period. The October financial data show that individual bank credit continues to be pressurized by the impact of the real estate market, and there are signs of a slowdown in public credit in general.
Credit pressure is expected to be alleviated by structural stock policy instruments and by the triggering effect of new policy instruments. Interest differentials are more affected by heavy pricing and asset structure, and simultaneous interest-rate cuts are expected to relieve interest differentials.
The impact of lower interest rates on re-pricing; on the other hand, owing to the higher issuance of government debt in recent years, lower interest rates, debt, the effect of the adjustment of the savings agent rate on the bond portfolio showed - the increase in the share of low-interest vouchers in the portfolio; and, on the other hand, the decline in lpr in May, which also led to partial stock lending and new lending gains
Postal Bank (601658): The rate of decline in the non-interest income table has increased by a greater q2 on a year-on-year basis; again, the ratio of personal loans with higher interest rates has continued to decline, while the rate of interest-bearing has been better, with interest-rate-reductions on deposit having been synchronized to ease the pressure of interest differentials
The lower ratio of public loans to financial investments tends to lower the average rate of interest on total assets. At the end of the debt, the rate of measured interest payments was 1.15 per cent, and the same rate was increased to about 29bps, mainly because of the continuing effect of interest reduction on multi-wheel deposits.
In May, it became clear that the Ministry of Finance and the Postal Group had increased their contribution to the savings structure by 10 bps each year and 5 years, and that the company had reduced interest rates by 5 to 25 bps for various periods of time.
After the interest rate has fallen, the pressure on the difference has subsided. Last year the interest rate on the q4 stock of housing loans was lower, and this year the rate of the q4 drop is expected to be significantly narrower than the rate of the same year, and the interest spread is stable.
> There has been a marked improvement in fees and commission revenues and a sharp increase in returns on investments. q3 fees and net commission revenues have been growing at a relatively rapid pace for two main reasons: on the one hand, companies have been proactive in their efforts to improve public operations, investment, financial management and the continuation of trust operations; and, on the other hand, last year's proxy insurance revenue has been diluted in terms of “compilation of banks”, resulting in a loss of agent income.
Investment returns + gains and losses on fair value changes continue to show good results, with a sustained high growth in the same year, mainly as a result of the seizure of market opportunities by the public sector, the acceleration of the flow of assets such as debt instruments, notes, etc., and the timely realization of part of the excess, while continuing to increase the return on investments in large equity investment funds, sales price differentials, and dividends. Debt markets have been rebounding since October, and recently
Micro-credits, consumer loans, mortgages, and housing loans are still expected to come under pressure from weak players and rising employment and income pressures.
The risk of individual lending is expected to be manageable because of a better customer base and strong macro-policy. In the public sector, poor rates in the first half of the year, such as rent and commercial services, real estate, etc., have continued to decline, providing a sound asset quality base, wholesale retailing, and manufacturing, are expected to continue to improve.
At the end of the income end, the interest rate on q3 assets increased by the same year, resulting in interest income being slightly lower than estimated. At a historically low level of parity, the firm’s “growth” rating was maintained.
Figure 2 Scale of PSDB loans and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 3 Size of additional PSB loans in billions. Figure 4 Scale of PSB financial investments and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 5 Size and acceleration of deposits at the Reserve Bank, left axis: billions of yuan; size of new deposits at the q3 Reserve Bank, six calendar years, in billions of yuan; single-quarter interest differentials and changes in the same ratio at the Postal Bank, seven; right axis: bps
Figure 8 Size of deposit bank charges and commission revenue in the first half of the calendar year, in billions of yuan, in terms of bad bank rates, concern rates and overdue rates, in %, in terms of non-performing bank loans by individuals, in %, in %
Figure 11 PSDB ' s poor performance rate in the main sectors of public loans, in: % Appendix: Predicted Values of Three Key Statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.