Rapid growth in the number of domestic and foreign aircraft installed, x8 aiding the expansion of large-scale medical end-users Incident: On the evening of 19 August, the new industry released its semi-annual report for 2021, first half of the company
In a single quarter, operating income of $693 million was realized in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of $1 billion, a decrease of 29.92 per cent in the same quarter.
RMB, after deducting the effects of share payments and exchange gains and losses, the company’s business profits increased by 22.26 per cent in the same year after tax in the first half of 2021.
During the first half of 2021, the company stepped up its market openings and made drastic adjustments to its instrument sales policy, which contributed to a rapid increase in the number of domestic and foreign aircraft installed.
(1) Domestic market: 743 fully automated chemical luminescence instrumentors completed, of which up to 12 months/minimum chemical luminance analyser maglumix8 installed 270 with second half of 2020
The new product, Maglumix3, was listed at the end of March. The new industry (300832).
Through the continued promotion of maglumix8, the country's large medical terminals were effectively expanded with an increase of 126 per cent in their performance after gain or loss, and the number of clients installed overseas: as of the end of the first half of the year, the number of clients in level III hospitals served by the company's products was compared to the number of clients in level III hospitals.
3.48 pct-48.99 per cent increase in the coverage of the Tri-A hospital; leading to a significant increase in sales of conventional reagents, the share of large and medium-sized clients, and foreign branding, the increase: domestic sales of reagents generated $654 million, an increase of 81.06 per cent.
(2) Overseas markets: companies speed up the development of localized marketing teams in priority markets, and expand new industries (300832). New Industry Insight Report: Branding and Academic Outreach to support offshore distributors ' market openings.
For six months, the company's overseas market sold 1,634 fully automated chemical luminous instruments, accelerating the expansion of opportunities for growth.
75.32 per cent; overseas conventional reagents (excluding new coronary luminous reagents) generated $212 million to provide services at the same end and accumulated more than 8,900 chemical luminous immuno-analysis instruments; medical terminals in 146 countries and territories were provided on the offshore market with cumulative chemical light
Over 9500 ambulatory analysers were sold; models of fully automated chemical luminous immunoanalysts had a global accumulation of more than 18,400 machines. Of these, the company accumulated 740 chemical luminous spectrometers for maglumix8 installed at home and abroad.
Sub-product: Reagent income in the first half of 2021 was $910 million, a decline in the same rate of growth, mainly due to increased market penetration of instrument products by companies, both domestically and at sea.
A more active marketing policy has been adopted in the external market, which has resulted in an overall downward revision of the sales price of instruments, which has significantly reduced the Māori rate for instruments and supporting software; thus, while the Māori rate for reagent products has been stable, the overall Māori rate for companies has fallen by 8.68 pt to 70.64 per cent over the same period.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on a core business portfolio analysis, we expect less progress than expected, the risk of volatility in overseas markets, the continuation of the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.