Gold Mountain Tea urities Centre for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
Ocean River shares (00234.sz) buy-in (first rating) Reforms continue to deepen, the ocean rivers enter the new race, and so long history and reform is under way.
Introduction of the blue classic series, optimized structure, innovative channel model; growth lead period 2002-2012, high sea-sky product base, reduced profit from channels, etc., with below-high-end expansion of opportunities since 2015 and rising consumption for development.
The sub-high-end share continues to rise, and is expected to expand. The industry has not yet established a stable pattern of competition, and the blues of the ocean’s dreams are expected to be highlighted by their powerful branding power and channel advantage, creating more than 10 billion monoliths.
Channels, products, brands, and core competitiveness. (1) Short term: whether profits from channels can recover. (2) Product side: Blue Classic series of main products, introduction of the concept of "soft" white wine, differentiation of products to emerge.
In terms of branding, there is a high degree of nationalization, and the blue classics are deep in the hearts and minds; the dream blue series of large-scale media and international events are very bright, and are committed to creating a representative Chinese brand of high-end wine. Four dimensions of thinking about the future development of the ocean river.
The pressure to control the steady price of goods is beginning to yield results, bulk prices are rising, pipeline stocks are at historically low levels, and channel profits are recovering. (2) The medium-term question is whether internal incentives can re-energize? Repurchase shares can be used for management incentives to rationalize governance structures, raise sales pay and release new dynamism.
(iii) Long-term issues: uplifting product performance, can consumer fatigue be addressed? Introduction of a new strategy, single vision 6+, proposing "Quality upgrade", "Specific upgrade", "image upgrade" and "Pseudo-upgrading" four major upgrades to raise product image and increase consumer acceptance of prices. (4) Future space: provinces
The pace of internal growth has been steady, and new markets outside the province have been growing. Demand in the province remains stable, and guaranteed prices and profits are a top priority in the province: a sustained nationalization strategy will be pursued, and more markets for the Sioux poles of the New River will emerge.
Food safety risks/macroeconomic downside/industry competition increases.
“The three main brewing bases of the ocean rivers, two ditches, and Xiaoyang are the ones that own the ocean rivers, two Chinese brands, and two Chinese brands. The company’s history is divided into five stages: 1) before 1998: it was classified as one of the eight most famous, but internally and externally.
The accumulation of problems has led to a decline; 2) 1998-2009: moving forward in equity, with sustained growth in performance; 3) long-term livelihoods in the cold winter; 5) 2015-present: a clear trend towards rising consumption towards new market strategies. 1.2 Three-way joint ownership, with a healthy equity structure
Two changes have made business more efficient and the equity structure more rational. The river has succeeded in capturing the golden decade for the development of the white wine industry. Two changes were made in 2002-2006, the first to become a State-owned holding company, with a change of title from a sole-owned company to a State-owned holding company.
With equity incentives, the reformed management holdings reached 30.8 per cent and the state holdings decreased to 38.6 per cent, resulting in the optimization of the equity structure, which is three-pronged. The equity structure is dynamic. The river is jointly controlled by the government, distributors, and management.
Stock, management, business, technology backbone, distributor and shareholder interests are highly aligned, dealers and management motivation is fully mobilized, long-term development is strongly motivated. With effective equity incentives, the ocean basin management layer is fully motivated by motivation, creativity, dynamism, and corporate efficiency is at the forefront of the industry.
Parity has increased significantly, with net interest rates rising from 3.6 per cent in 2004 to 27.7 per cent in 2008. While net profits have increased at a reduced rate, they have fluctuated less and recovered faster than other alcohol producers in the industry.
Second, the industry situation: sub-high-end expansion to meet opportunities, consumption up for development, 2.1 consumption upswing trends are evident, and public consumption rises.
With the high rate of national economic growth and urbanization, the disposable income of our residents rose from $18,311 in 2013 to 2018.
Since 2015, the structure of the group of white wine consumers has gradually shifted from government consumption to private consumption and commercial consumption. In 2011-2018, the proportion of white wine consumed by government decreased from 40% to 5%, the share of business consumed increased from 42% to 55%, and the share of personal consumption increased significantly from 18% to 40%, white
In 2015-2019, high-end white wine began to increase gradually, and the wholesale and retail prices of high-end white wine, such as the puppies and the five grain fluids, rose steadily.
Liquid prices rose by 67.3 per cent, Mautai skyrocketed by 68.8 per cent, and a series of products in the old cellars of Kyushu were also frequently raised. High-end white wine prices raised the price ceiling in the white wine industry, allowing the sub-high-end white wine, such as dream blues, wells, etc., to follow suit. According to industry letters, high-end white wine offers a vast space for development.
The high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end and low-end market regulations of 2018 in the white wine industry show a clear and squeezed growth. As consumption rises, the concentration of white alcohol consumption towards white wine is becoming more pronounced and industry concentrations are increasing rapidly.
The industry has gradually concentrated on high-end, sub-high-end, and low- and medium-end small-scale alcohol companies with a shrinking space for survival. Each of the big liquor companies has a sub-higher power, a stable pattern of competition has yet to be developed, and has a national capacity to expand its channels.
Sub-high-end white wines are now recognized by the mainstream market as Asian shares, Shanxi saloons, water wells, ginsakes, ginseng, ginseng and ginseng. According to the market, Kennan Spring, based on its powerful branding and product power, accounts for 25% of the sub-high-end market.
By their respective brands, channels, and product power, they create a condensed pattern of competition. In addition to sub-high-end internals, the sub-high-end white wine is hit by pressure from high-end white wine and landlines. 2.2 The market space in the province is vast, and the price of white wine is rising significantly.
In 2018, Jiangsu produced about 692 million litres of white wine, ranking second in the country, and ranked second in the country as the province where white wine is produced. In terms of sales, Jiangsu has a huge market capacity of about $40 billion.
In 2018, Gdp, Jiangsu province, reached 9.26 trillion yuan, the second highest in the country. Economic development led to an increase in wealth and consumption.
In 2018, the disposable income was 47,200 yuan per capita in Jiangsu province, up from 39,251 yuan per capita in the country; the per capita consumption expenditure of 29.5 million yuan per capita in towns and cities was higher than the national level, and the increase in disposable income of Jiangsu was 53.76 per cent in 2013-2018.
Figure 15: Consumption spending by Jiangsu residents is higher than the national level (in yuan) and prices are moving significantly. Economic activity has led to a high incidence of Jiangsu business activity and rising consumption leading the country. Main provincial prices have been brought in since the new cycle in 2015.
Upgraded to over $300. According to the composition of the Jiangsu Liquor Market, 18 years of high-end liquor, about $8.5 billion, representing about 24 per cent of the White Liquor Market in Jiangsu Province, is higher than the national average of water, with a strong growth momentum as a result of rising consumption, with a 15 per cent rise in the second end compared to 15 years.
2.3 High-end competition has intensified, and the Matthews effect has become apparent.
In the lower-middle-end market, Jiangsu is bordered by the white wine industry, known as the “no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no
There are a lot of strong competitions, including national or pan-national brands such as Kennan Spring, Suai Wrai, rum, and powerful real estate products such as the present world, Gui Goong. High end: foreign brands control high-end markets, and the ocean rivers are still at the stage of layout.
In the past few years, brand brands such as wine and cellars have increased in Jiangsu markets and now account for a share of the high-end markets. The provincial river and the present world have also been active in developing their products and dreams.
Sub-high: Dream Blue is sub-high, with more competition. Through brand-building inputs, provincial channels and penetration rates, Dream Blue is maintained at the sub-higher end of Jiangsu market.
At the same time, foreign competitors, such as Kennanchun, Waterside, and Liquor, also have a unique brand image and influence, with a strong corporate mix. In 2017, a customer communication meeting was held in Jiangsu, setting an annual sales target of $2 billion for Jiangsu markets.
In November of that year, the Wells Village launched a new 42-degree well station in Jiangsu’s local consumer preference as a strategic monolith to attack Jiangsu’s market. The sub-higher pattern is becoming more complex as foreign counterparts invest more in the market.
The present world is based on the market of its home base, its easy farming channels, and its rapid growth through geometry and its advantages. The State series, launched in 2004, targets sub-high-end markets and seizes the opportunity to upgrade consumption rapidly.
High-end markets account for 22%. By contrast, the ocean river, despite its dominant position, has slowed sharply in recent years, owing to the ageing of its products and the lack of incentive in the province.
Chart 20: The share of income in this world's Relatea+ is rising at the middle and lower ends: the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the 150-350-dollar price bands, and the brand image of the people. In 2018, the blue of the ocean, the blue of the sky, collected 11 billion yuan, or 63 per cent of the blue classics.
As the first popular consumer brand of the Ocean River, the Blue Sea still has a strong brand, reverence and visibility, and its softness has been particularly favoured by provincial consumers, with a greater advantage over other low-end land-based wine competitions.
The stock of goods has risen, and overall sales have slowed. With the positive strategic adjustment of companies, the sea blue and sky blue are expected to grow resiliently.
3.1 Channel ends: Deep distribution, enabling national markets to open up innovative advantages: multi-modal intensification channels deep-ploughing, with a clear trend of ownership by producers The ocean rivers have developed “1+1,”, “Deck-in”, “4x3”, and 522 poles around deep distribution
A variety of marketing methods, such as “engineering” and the formation of a good core marketing team, which dominates the channels of control and marketing, achieves a curved excess.
Introduction of a fast-discharge marketing strategy, with the “1+1” model reinforcing ownership. In distributor management, the river introduced the channel management concept for fast-discharge products in 2006 to take the lead in the “1+1” model.