In 2019, the company's performance slowed down and its internal reforms took place. The company accumulated in terms of mechanisms, channels, products.
So far, the company values are far below the industry average, and we cover it for the first time, and companies are actively adjusting their incentives and channels. Ocean shares are part of the National Committee for Residency.
It is a leading business in Jiangsu, with a steady income of third place in the industry. The system is flexible enough to lay the foundation for the ocean, the company's current lack of internal dynamism, the prospect of repurchase of shares in the near future.
The company’s marketing model leads the industry, which, through the depth of the channel over the past decade or so, has led to strong control over the terminal, with clear channel advantages. In 2019, the company built up a highly adapted channel policy, strengthened the channel input, and adopted a regional contract for new items.
Distributors, models of multi-group buy-outs, and reforms in the division of functions to separate the sea, the sky and dreams, the sea and the sky from the deep distribution patterns, the continued sinking of channels, the series of dreams, the emphasis on group purchasing channels, the importance of marketing for opinion leaders to nurture, and the marketing and extension of products in the context of major events.
The company's product system is clear, the dream series is a future energy point, and the sea and the sky are stable. The company owns a double brand of ocean rivers and ditches, and the main product is still focused on the blue classics. The blue classics are connected to each other, the feed points of the product move up in an orderly manner, and the space for enterprise development is expanded.
In 2019, the volume of sales fell sharply, and companies actively adjusted their policies to improve the profits of distributors, with stable and rising prices in the provinces and cities.
Intra-provincial competition is evident, and expansion is continuing. In Jiangsu, competition is intense, and the core market is clearly squeezed by competition. The main reasons for our analysis are: (i) the opening of ocean-to-college procurement channels, leaving room for competition; and (ii) the tendency of companies to slash off-provincial resources and relax development within the province.
The problem is that the company has made positive changes in its organizational structure, team testing, etc., and this is beginning to show in the face of counter-reactions in the market. The company’s extra-provincial market has grown, with a strong focus on medium- and high-end products, and the ratio of out-of-provincial income will rise further.
The multiplicity of factors has slowed down the company’s performance in 19 years. The company’s new leader, after taking the market price on March 12, 2020, has taken over the issue of transparency in the price system, the ageing image of the product, and the crushing of competitions in the provinces.
Big reforms are taking place, and they are beginning to work in the provinces. There's a lot of extra-provincial breeding space for companies, and the dream is that the share of income will rise even further. The company's valuation at this stage is far below the industry average.
The macroeconomics go down, the consumer environment deteriorates. Internal adjustments are not as expected.
The company's roots are deep, growing at a pace of industry poles, short-term sales are under pressure, and the company's base is deep, brandy is strong. The ocean's brewing wine originates in the city of Tang, and is flourishing in Mingqing, with the company owning two major Chinese names: the ocean river and the two trenches.
In 1979, at the 3rd Review Conference, Yoo Ha's wine was listed as the country's eight most famous wines, and Guaigon's wines were listed as the fourth and fifth, respectively. In 2003, the company took the lead in breaking the traditional classification of white wine, starting with the "sweet" style, which was unique in terms of quality. The company was the only one in Jiangsu province, Cebu Province.
In the course of the company’s development, the river has grown at a rate that has become the standard for the white wine industry. In the last round of the white wine industry’s “Golden Decade” (03-12), the company’s compound rate of growth was 50%, with sales revenue rising from less than 300 million to 17.27 billion yuan.
We believe that the rapid development of the ocean river has benefited from three factors: (i) flexibility and incentives.
Two changes were made, one with the introduction of war investment and management ownership. Both reforms provided a source of momentum for the development of the ocean river over the past 10 years. (2) The two brands of the ocean river + two ditches are protected, full price segment coverage, and business is highly risk-resistant. (3) Excellent managerial capacity and strong team capability. The company itself is responsive to changes in industry, advanced marketing ideas, and once led.
Short-term adjustments have slowed down performance, corporate reform determinations have waited for the return of the kings. Ocean rivers have had no shortage of alcohol, and the accumulation of multiple factors has slowed corporate performance in 19 years. According to the company’s 19-year fast report, in 2019, the company was expected to collect $23.11 billion, a 4.3 per cent drop from the previous year.
A firm determination to go to stock, to adjust prices, without making performance the first goal, to pave the way for the long-term growth of the company. We believe that, as a result of the epidemic, the sales of the white wine industry slowed, the company’s adjustment is expected to take longer, the performance of 1q20 will remain under pressure, and the period of 2q20 will be an important observation.
Yes, there have been adjustments in personnel, mechanisms, marketing strategies. We believe that this adjustment is likely to address the flexibility of the company's institutions that have developed in the past to lay the foundations of the ocean river, the prospect of a repurchase of the stock in the near future, and the combination of the speed of the ocean river and the strength of the power.
In the early stages of development, the system was rigid, and according to the company’s offer statements, in 2002 the housing municipality undertook the first reform of the property rights system to speed up the process.
At the end of December of the same year, six corporate entities, such as the Ocean River Group, the Shanghai Tobacco Logistics Development Corporation Ltd. and 14 natural persons, such as Yang Ding Dung, established their shares in the Ocean River, with the approval of the Jiangsu provincial government. This re-engineering resulted in the conversion of the company from state-owned sole funds in 2006 with management and core technical backbone equity incentives as the main component.
Once again, by targeting management, the Ocean River Group has reduced its shareholdings from 51.1 per cent to 38.6 per cent, management and core technical cadres to 30.8 per cent, and employee interests and corporate development have become deeply tied. In 2009, Ocean River shares were placed on the market, and according to the company ' s offer statement, the company ' s top three shareholders were Ocean Rivers Group, Blue Sky and Blue Sea, with 38.6 per cent, 12.6 per cent,
11.8% of them, with the Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades being platforms for company employees, with a total of 125 shareholders in natural persons. In terms of the effect of the re-engineering, equity incentives can help boost the efficiency of business operations by tying employee interests to the depth of the company’s development.
With the same ratio down 1.9 pct. Thus, incentives are put in place to boost management efficiency and provide a dynamic momentum for the company’s later development. There is a slight lack of internal momentum, and it is expected that stock buy-backs will be re-incentived in the near future.
Following the introduction of the equity incentive, the company’s core cadres have no stake in the company’s growth. The company has made institutional arrangements for the long-term development of its layout. On 29 October 2019, the company convened a board meeting to consider and adopt the Program on Repurchase of Part of the Social Public Shares, which it plans to use its own funds of US$ 1 to 15 billion to buy back the social public’s share in the form of a centralized bid.
More than $135/square shares are fully used to implement equity incentives or employee holding schemes for core cadres. According to the latest developments in the company announcement, as of 29 February 2020, the company had repurchased 71.84 million shares, or 0.047 per cent of its total equity, with the use of funds. Implementation can fully motivate existing staff, improve team cohesion, improve the company ' s long-term effectiveness incentive mechanisms, and provide long-term benefits to the company.
Chart 9. The company’s latest stock structure agreement, after the merger was completed, all the shares held in the blue sky and blue sea trades were inherited by the Blue Alliance.
The channel is the mooring river of the ocean, the marketing model leads the industry for a long time, the channel is well-controlled, the company channel is hard-working, and the industry has been ahead of the industry in thinking about and marketing the white wine industry for over a decade or so.
Deep farming, now a standardized marketing management model, and a strong enforcement team. Companies have a strong control of the terminals, their channels, and both. Companies have a long distribution model, the benefits of the model in terms of end-pading rates, customer relations, nuanced distribution, the fast growth of the blue classic since it was listed, and the industry base of the ocean river.
The environment and the company’s own product structure have been upgraded, and companies have gradually shifted their marketing focus to dream blues, combining event marketing and community marketing to extend brand heights. On the operational side, they insist on increasing stocks, exchanging space for time, actively pursuing high-end brand breakthroughs, and pushing for transformational change.
(1) The “1+1” marketing model enhances the ability of producers to control channels. In 2003, the company introduced a channel model for the fast-discharge industry, creating a new “1+1” marketing model. The model is for companies to establish offices or place business representatives in dealers to provide terminal services such as market openings, brand promotions, displays, etc. for distributors, who are mainly co-operating and are responsible for warehousing and distribution. The “1+1” model has advantages.
It is a fundamental change in the way the distributors used to lead the cooperative approach, giving the river greater ownership of terminal management, reducing its dependence on distributors, effectively circumventing the market manipulation of distributors, running goods, etc. (2) The "4x3" model strengthens the development of group purchasing channels, and the distribution channels apply to medium- and high-end products. In 2005, companies proposed "4x3"
Channel marketing model, which is an extension of post-end marketing on the basis of the “deck-in-the-plate”, which refers mainly to group consumption, core hotels, media triangulation, focus clients, hotel marketing, branding promotion, financial intelligence.