The company's evaluation report  The pharmaceutical industry  (600161.sh) has published the 2020 report and the 2021 quarterly report. The collection is to be achieved by 2020.
Mon Yung Wei 1 (including taxes). In the first quarter of 2021, $847 million (+11.80 per cent) was collected, $152 million (+15.06 per cent) from the mother and $150 million from the non-mortality net profit.
The number of slurry stations and the size of the slurry is expected to lead the country up to the end of 20 years, with the company operating 55 single plasma stations (including substations), during which three new slurry stations during the year achieved 1713.51 tons of slurry, which is still small due to the impact of the epidemic
In terms of production capacity, the company is responsible for the production of five blood products in Shanghai, Wuhan, and Guizhou, which are currently designed to produce more than 2,000 tons and maintain a leading position in the country.
During the reporting period, the company continued to increase its blood source growth, with a steady increase in the number of pre-investment investments in the Chengdu Yongzhengin project, the Shanghai Bloody Yunnan project, and the Chengdu Yongjing Reassembled Creciliation Unit project.
The project is planned to be completed in 2021, and the land acquisition project has been completed. The project Young-Ann, the Yunnan Project, and the Land Blood Project are designed to produce 1,200 tons.
Sasakawa slurry station, Sasakawa county slurry station, stone slurry station are in the process of construction.
Some companies with advanced blood production processes, both in manufacturing processes and product quality, have advanced production processes.
This report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views, is presented in an independent and objective manner by coagulation factor viii, immunoglobin (ph4, 10%) (layered method), sequestering factor via and subterranean injector immunoglobin who first declared clinically and was promised to do so in a diligent and professional manner. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
Mon Yung Wei, Doctor of Biomedicine at Beijing University, has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The professional competence is high, and the doctor is engaged in research and development of innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations of innovative medicines, familiarity with the industrial chain of innovative medicine development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape of the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial chain.
Liu Xing: Master of West Economics, Beijing University, Hong Kong Business School, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.