The Sini Sanctuary brings the sky into the sky (600161.sz)
Reasons for reporting: Annual and quarterly reports, performance in line with market expectations, R & D and capacity-building are actively advancing 624 million yuan net profit from deductions and later repatriations, an increase of 2.36 per cent from the previous year.
For 847 million yuan, an increase of 11.80 per cent in the same year; for 152 million yuan in the same year; for 3,446 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 4.99 per cent in the same year; for 639 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 4.57 per cent in the same year; and for market expectations.
The amount of blood products issued in batches decreased by 0.63% compared to the same year, with 47472,000 bottles (+11.73%) and 34.480 million bottles issued in batches, respectively. In the case of slurry, the company collected blood plasma in 2020 due to the adverse effects of the new crown epidemic.
Positive volume growth was achieved, with 1713.51 tons of plasma collected throughout the year, an increase of 7.49 tons, or 0.44 per cent, and both the number of plasma stations and the size of the plasma collection remaining a national leader.
The company issued a total of 2.7993 million bottles of blood products, 3.55 per cent lower than the previous year.
The decline in the issuance of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. in comparison with the previous year was mainly due to the need to raise the epidemic, with a significant increase in 2020 q1 batches and a higher base.
It was determined that the sum of $2.54 billion would be added to Chengdu, the sum of $1.09 billion to Shanghai, the sum of $960 million to Lanzhou, which would be used to finance projects such as the Yunnan Project, the Lanzhou Project, the Reorganization Factories Project and the Clinical Research Project on Blood Products in Chengdu.
In terms of research and development, Chengdu Yong has obtained production approvals for human coagulation of the original compound: Injection to recombinant human cdensation factor viii,
P.I.P. (ph4, 10%) (layered analysis), P.I.I.P.P. is working on the iii phase of clinical research; I.P. Reassembled human cdensation factor via and subterranean injectors are exempt. P.O.P. is first declared clinically and accepted, and some of the products are being developed in the same blood products as in the country.
In terms of productive capacity, Chengdu was born in Chengdu International Biocity Park, Shanghai Blood has invested in the new Yunnan base, and Lanzhou has invested in the new Lanzhou State in the National High Technology Development Area in Lanzhou.
The base, each of the three blood products production bases mentioned above, has a design capacity of 1,200 tons and, as it gradually becomes operational in the future, the company will have three single plant bases for producing blood products with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons, further expanding the scale of production.
\triangleright Drug Safety Risks; Industry Policy Risks; Unexpected Risks from R & D; Single Pulse Control of Pulse Stations Risks; Risks from Cost Increases; Risks from Inadequate Supply of Raw Materials; Market Competition Risks; New Coron
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.