Aerial organisms (6001661): 2021q1 performance, excellent performance, slurry source expansion and capacity enhancement to promote the holding of a planetary organism.
Incidents: 1) The company released its annual report for 2020, during which it realized operating income and net profit from the blood industry in the country, which produced annual net profits of 3.446 billion yuan, 639 million yuan and 624 million yuan.
The slurry is the highest in the country for many years, and the blood product varieties are owned The company achieved operating income, net return to the mother, net return to the mother, loss to the mother, net profit to the mother, 847 million yuan, 1.52 performance to be expected.) q1 recovered from the effects of the epidemic in 2021, and q1 performance was the same in 2021.
Protein and monotons were stable by the same date in 2020, with a significant increase in the issuance of q1 proteins in 2021. Throughout 2020, the company achieved 4.33 million + 0.3% for proteins; and 3.12 million sedentary proteins.
At the bottom, the company has 55 slurry stations, three of which are newly licensed for slurry. Throughout 2020, the company's access to new slurry stations was considered to be expected to continue its state-owned advantage, expanding the slurry sources and increasing the volume of slurry.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Tianjin Bien (600161): 2021q1 perform well, with slurry expansion and productivity upgrading driving sustained growth.
The productive capacity expansion project is expected to lead to a gradual release of production bottlenecks. The Chengdu Yongyu base has now started silting test production and is expected to become operational in 2021: Shanghai Blood System Yunnan Project is expected to enter the test phase in 2021 and will be officially operational in 2022; Landland Blood State base is expected to be operational in 2024. Three major production bases are set at 1,200 tons of capacity, and the buildup of the postpartum company has accumulated over 5,000 tons of capacity.
The company is working on the product. Currently, a batch has been produced for the HCB complex; Chengdu was injected with recombinant human cdensification factor viii, lathesis method seisma cyanide, immunoglobin for the cytocellular virus, human fibrous proteins, and human collusive blood enzyme original compound in Lanzhou have entered the ii phase; and Chengdu is injected with recombinant human cdensification factor viii
The development and production of new products is expected to contribute to a further increase in the combined use of plasma. Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate blood-dwelling poles are strong, slurry upswings, productivity expansion, variety enrichment and structural optimization will support sustained growth.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Tianjin Bien (600161): 2021q1 perform well, with slurry expansion and productivity upgrading driving sustained growth.
Hubo's new pharmaceutical profession, 10 years of experience in medicine in the securities industry, has been a core member of the new wealth team.
In July 2019, he joined East Hing Portfolio, where he studied medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.