On 27th of April, 2021, high performance was restored, with a steady increase in new production capacity and new products.
2021q1: the company realized revenue of $847 million (+11.80 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $152 million (+15.06 per cent) from the mother and $150 million (+16.59 per cent) from the net profit from the non-retroactivity of the mother.
Performance in the epidemic has increased steadily, with a rapid recovery from the epidemic down from 2019, and is expected to be due mainly to a decrease in the volume of slurry produced by the epidemic. On a quarterly basis, the public sector has recovered with an increase of 11.80 per cent in revenue and a 15.06 per cent increase in net profit from the mother.
The improvement was significant, with sales costs for 2021q1 falling to 6.7 per cent (-0.57 pct). Slurage is expected to increase in line with plasma utilization and future performance is achievable. By the end of 2020, the company had 55 single plasma stations (three new ones) to achieve plasma.
The company’s new production capacity is expected to rise again, and the three major new production bases are expected to start operating in 21-23 years, with a doubling of capacity;
The development of the products is also progressing well, with the human condensate compound approved for listing in December 2020, and the National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s research -- Terrestrial Organisms (600161), 2020, has a huge potential for increasing plasma utilization and future performance.
A performance assessment: pre-emerged performance in the epidemic, sufficient growth momentum for the future
Quarterly reviews: Recovering performance at a rate of growth, new production and products with a fixed capacity of 3,331 million dollars net, with the expectation of investing in the company’s new production and product development. As a leader in the blood industry in the country, the company has strong resources, slurry stations and slurry levels are among the highest in the country.
First, both slurry and slurry sources have greater scope for improving efficiency, increasing smooth landings, new production capacity, new Liu Hyemin slurry less than expected, new production capacity or development of new products less advanced than expected, and product safety risks.
In 2020, the company achieved a business income of $3.446 billion, an increase of 4.99 per cent, a net return of $639 million, an increase of 4.57 per cent, and a net gain of $624 million, an increase of 2.36 per cent. The performance rate decreased by 2019, mainly due to the epidemic.
The increase in slurry is due to a decrease in the volume of slurry. By quarter, the company managed to raise $758 million (+7.36%) in 2020q1-q4 and reduced the impact of the epidemic by effectively controlling the cost of the Māori. The company increased its control fees, the cost of the cost was largely stable, and the interest rate fell mainly as a result of the increase in the slurry costs and unit production costs caused by the epidemic. 2021q1 company gross
The blood industry is the most competitive source, with companies leading the country in terms of the number of slurry stations and the level of slurry. By the end of 2020, the number of single slurry stations (including substations) had reached 55, with three new slurry stations added during the year.
31.15 tons, a slight decline from 32.81 tons in 2019, is expected mainly from the start of slurry in the second half of the year as a result of the increase in the number of new slurry stations under the epidemic. The company has a large base of slurry stations, a high capacity of new slurry stations, and a much higher level of slurry at old slurry stations.
In 2020, the company’s two most important products, protein and static, continued to grow steadily, while the three special types of free-of-polar protein batches declined, and we expect the company to keep the slurry relatively secure as the epidemic recovers, giving priority to ensuring that the main varieties of protein and selenium are prioritized, and that the small varieties are structurally abandoned.
9.83.9 million bottles of blood products, a decline of 4.93 per cent over the same period, including 4.40.59 million bottles of protein (+5.39 per cent), 2021q1 proteins, static-proton batches recovered significantly, while remaining at the forefront of the firm of national production, while at the same time growing by 13.29 per cent over the same period in the structure of the product, including 1,289.7 million bottles of protein (+16.69 per cent), 78.3 million bottles of sedentary.
New production capacity is ready, and the company's total capacity is expected to double. The company's current capacity is relatively inadequate, the construction of new capacity is expected to assist the company in taking full advantage of the blood raw materials.
The production capacity slurry of 1,200 tons/year is expected to continue in 2022-2024, with all post-partum deliveries expected. The company's R & D pipeline is well under way, and approval of new products is expected to further increase the company's plasma utilization rate. In 2020, the subsidiary became a production-registration batch for the T.O.P.P. complex, while other multi-producer products are under development in the country.
Inner blood products are in the lead among their peers: Injection recombinant human cdensation factor viii, static human immunoglobin (ph4, 10%) (layered method) and still hypercellular viral human immunoglobin are conducting clinical research for the iii phase: the Cretin Unit is expected to complete installation in 2021 into the debugging phase.
With the contribution of the two varieties of protein and silt, the landing of new products, such as clogged blood factors, is expected to further boost the company’s plasma, ton-slurries, and ton-slurries. In 2020, the company’s ton-slurry revenues were about $2 million, which is 4.45 per cent higher than the same, and the ton-slurk profit was about $550,000, which is 4.99 per cent higher than the ton-slurry profit.
There is still a lot of room for raising the country’s blood products, which are the top-utilizers in the country. A steady increase in the amount of $3.3 billion is being raised to finance new productions and products. On April 25, 2021, the company published a report on the distribution of shares in a private stock, and the price of the shares is being distributed in a non-public manner.
For millions of dollars, it is expected to invest in the development of the company’s new production and products. Investment proposals and profit projections: companies as leaders in the blood industry in the country, with strong channel resources, slurry stations and slurry volumes are the first in the country, and slurry and slurry sources are used with greater efficiency.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.