Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences: Quarterly performance exceeded expectations, Quantities of Quantities of Quantities, Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of 2020 and Quarterly of Quantities of 2021, Quantities of 2020, Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities
The net profit from non-return to the mother is 624 million yuan (+236%), slightly higher than the previous performance forecast. Operatingly, the net profit from return to the mother is 152 million yuan (+15.1%) and the net gain from non-return to the mother is one quarter higher than expected. q4 x quarter sales revenue is 810 million yuan (+6%).
The maintenance rate is 7.5%, an increase of 0.5 pct compared to 2019, mainly due to an increase in staff and salaries in order to strengthen the management of the workforce and the new operating slurry stations. The integration of the three blood systems has been effective.
Pulse station planning, slurry growth planning, net profit for mothers of 875 million yuan, exceeding the promised sum of 252 million yuan, complete the cumulative forecast for profit, Land State blood system of 125 million yuan (+8 per cent) and Wuhan blood system of 48 million yuan (-61 per cent) are expected to be the main recipients.
According to the data issued by the Central Court of Justice, the proposed increase in the share-holding ratio of the proposed increase to the sum of the sum of the sum to the sum of the share-holding ratio increased slightly, and the supply of the blood product was guaranteed in 2021.
Issuances do not match the performance of the first quarter, which is expected to be better than the issuance of the first quarter, because the company has a buffer against stock. Based on the company’s current presence at the slurry station and its recent acquisition of slurry stations, we expect a more than 10% increase in the company’s slurry volume in 2021, with the company’s blood products.
In the short term, it is expected that the supply of blood products will decline, that blood products will continue to rise, that the supply of blood products will continue to rise, and that the company ' s supply of blood products will be guaranteed and will benefit more significantly from higher prices.
The slurry volume is expected to drop by more than 15% over 20 years, the slurry volume in the country is expected to decline by 20 years on average, and the construction of the Endurong Life and Equivalence Project is well under way, and the production capacity of Chengdu will be released as scheduled, and new product lines will be added to it, and performance is expected to increase significantly as the slurry expands further.
(b) According to the announcement, by the end of 2020, the Yong-Ahn process was completed and entered into the trial production phase. In 2021, it is planned to complete the test production, process certification, and to proceed through an on-site gmp inspection.
In the formal production phase, it is expected that in 2021, after the birth of a permanent haemorrhagic system, the release of capacity and the production of new products, the performance is expected to increase significantly. According to the announcement, the enzyme compound was approved for the market at the end of 2020, and the heavy-pound species of human cdensator is expected to be released in 2021, and the cdensation factor was reorganized.
According to the announcement, $119 million shares were released, $3.34 billion was raised, and the funds were received. The company intends to use this release to raise funds to replenish Chengdu.
The core competitiveness of the blood industry lies in the ability of the company to expand its blood resources. The company has new energy inputs for continuous production of tons (ton) + the Land blood system (1200 tons), which, on the one hand, enhances its capacity to provide protection against the barriers and, on the other hand, highlights the company’s future expansion of blood sources and the continued availability of slurry sources.
At the end of December 2020, the Yunnan Provincial Health Council released Plan 2020-2023 for single plasma collection stations in Yunnan Province (a comment draft), planning for 20 additional single plasma stations across the province, with a cumulative total of 24 stations. In 2018, the planetarium organisms invested in Yunnan.
The slurry station, which invests $1.65 billion in the construction of 1,200 tons of production capacity, has been given the opportunity to set up a slurry station in Yunnan, and in 2018-2022, the group plans to invest in and build first 10 single plasma stations in Yunnan Province.
Stations. Yunnan Province released a single plasma station set-up plan (2020-2023), and it is expected that more plasma stations will continue to be released in Yunnan for the next three years, which will be the most beneficial part of the plasma station set-up plan, and that the amount of slurry will grow further, and that the space will grow more.
Investment advice: scarce growth-logical blood products enterprises with clear growth paths, high certainty, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. 1, three blood systems and increased slurry in central Guizhou, and slurry from the recent growth of the slurry station
Volume growth and the sustainability of the company’s future approval of new slurry stations have underpinned the company’s continued expansion of its excellent size, its expansion of new blood products and its upgrading of varieties, its formation of academic outreach, and its long-term competitiveness and clear path to development in blood-producing enterprises.
Recovery of rapid growth in income, steady rise in net interest rates, growth reflected in performance, performance growth point of 2021-2023, three bloodlines of the company, and annual life-saving blood drops, release of capacity, and production of new products (crete + lullacy)
(c) Performance is expected to improve significantly after delivery.4 From an industry perspective, it is expected that there will be a decrease in overseas imports of protein in 21 years, further improvements in domestic protein supply and demand in 21 years, a continued upturn in the climate, and a continued upturn in prices, which is expected to be expected
Quantum and ton magma profits increase certainty and sufficiency of growth space, as scarce domestic blood industry with growth logic, maintain a “buy-in” rating, and expected risks, the construction of a durable blood system is not as fast as expected, and new slurry stations are not as fast as expected.
Risk, R & D at a slower pace than expected, increasing the risk of failure.
(a) Within the pacificsecurities, the overall industry returns more than 5 per cent above the overall market level;
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.