In a four-dimensional fashion, mr is expected to inject growth energy into the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Recommended logic: company leads in producing sophisticated domestic firms whose main lines of business are consumer electronics, telecommunications and automobiles. 1) Consumer electronics: company deeply tied apple chains, whose new product mr is expected to bring new growth to the company; 2) automobiles: company strategic collaboration with Qanteng, Chirí, to help the lead producer target.
Automobile operations may create a new growth curve for companies; 3) Communications: companies acquire Corton, assemble, increase their own product coverage, and as technologies such as aigc develop, corporate communications are expected to grow. • Consumer electronics are growing steadily, and Applemr is expected to inject growth energy. Consumers are corporate-owned.
The acquisition of a combined electronic cut-off chain, bound to its depth over the years through an in- and out-of-life + extension, includes topmodule replacements, various connections, appletws headphones and applewatch assembly, iphone acoustic devices, etc.: the share of sales to the first-largest client grew year by year, reaching 73.3 per cent as consumer electricity in 2022.
Sub-industry giants, Apple City, performed well, with a global smartphone market share of 18.7% in 22 years, with a market share of more than 30% in tws headphones and smart watch markets. Apples are expected to maintain a high market share as new products continue to be marketed, guaranteeing growth in corporate performance.
Visionpro expects to take over the production of the product in 24 years, highlighting the trend towards consumer electronics and automobile quadrupling, and opening up growth space for the company ' s diversified layout. 1) In the area of deep-farm beams, the product now covers high- and low-pressure whole-line beams, special beams, etc., and the product matrix is rich with new energy vehicles.
The penetration rate has risen, the demand for high-pressure beams is strong, and the asp is expected to increase and drive the company ' s market share up. 2) The company has acquired Taiwan ' s ccc and video industries, and, over the past 20 years, has acquired powerful electronics, 44.9 per cent of its stock-cracker-related business capabilities, depending on its advantages in the consumer electronics industry.
In the optical field, relevant products include adas advanced driving aids, car-borne cameras, dvr car recorders, etc. 3) companies, in collaboration with Quick Start, cut into the laser radar market, with a 15.4% share of the global vehicle-mounted laser radar market in 2022, and targeted partners include the wide-air, Biadey, the Great Wall, etc.
In 22 years, the company partnered with the Chirre Group to set up a platform to complete the odm, which helped the company achieve the medium- and long-term goals of the lead manufacturer of auto parts and components. There was a wide space for national alternatives for sophisticated car parts and components, and the business might open a long-term growth curve for the company as the company’s automobile business continued to grow.
• Companies have acquired Colton, assembled, and improved the distribution of communications. The ict industry has developed rapidly, benefiting from technologies such as aigc, 5g, and the demand for data centres is growing in projects such as e-government, smart cities, etc.
The company develops a strategic two-line development of the whole machine plus core parts to improve product coverage, including electrical links, follow-up catalytic mr (2023-09-01) connections, light connections, base station antennas, etc. The company's antenna module products are diverse, wirelessly charged products and apples, etc.
2. Precision (002475): Performance growth is robust and the size of the business is expected to continue to grow, with a number of brands such as millet and titanium working together.
Founded in 2004 and placed on the market in 2010, the company is a leading company in the country's sophisticated manufacturing industry platform, which started with computer connectors, and which has been vertically integrated from parts, modules, to systems over the years, in both endogenous and expansive, and which has now diversified the layout of product lines in different applications.
The company has a relatively centralized and stable equity structure. The company actually controls Wang Yae-chun and Wang won; among them, the chairman of the company, Wang Hae-chun, indirectly owns 19.2% of the company’s shares through Setsu Corporation Limited.
(38.3 per cent), Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. (7.9 per cent), China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. (1.2 per cent), Central Exchange