Cross-cutting layout of cars/communications, consumer electronics lead business savings, December 18, 2023, Research Assistant Wang Yunji
Research Assistant Mongum Keyword: # Second Curve  Consumable Electronic Precision Leader, Cross-Cutting Automobile + Long-term Growth of Communications Savings:
Created in 2004, it expands horizontally from computer connectors to consumer electronics products and continues to deepen farming, implementing a deep-cut customer strategy to achieve 100 billion revenue in consumer electronics. At the same time, forward-looking automobile electronics and telecommunications, with long-term growth in resilience.
▪ Consumer electronics: vertical integration creates a leading position, and the big client mr's new product injects new dynamic energy: setting up a message, maintaining precision, vertical integration of platform manufacturing and big customer strategy, guaranteeing consumer electronics growth, basic disc growth. 1) Vertical upgrading of product capacity, from zero components to full assembly, continues to deepen.
Bureau: Deep involvement of companies in the heterogeneity of the products of large clients, in collaboration with R & D support companies, upgrading their product capabilities from zero to modular, fully assembled, constantly increasing the value of single machines available for products and continuously increasing their share of large clients, with robust growth in performance. 2) Horizontal expansion of the product lines of large clients: core
The issuance of brand new mr products by clients, and the company ' s direct involvement in mr product assembly and partial supply of spare parts, with a deep partnership of large clients, is expected to continue to benefit from the release of new products by large clients and to inject new growth dynamics into the cost-free electronic plate business.
▪ Automobiles: working to build a driver for autotier1. We believe that low-level capabilities such as corporate rapid response capacity/one solution/cost control can achieve cross-border empowerment. 1) Horizontal internal expansion + acquisition parallels, with steady growth in automobile operations.
In order to produce car wires and connectors, a number of purchases have been made to improve the layout of automobile operations. Automobile operations are still in high growth periods. (2) The market space for layout products is vast and there is sufficient production capacity.
In response to the ad hoc nature of some parts of the automobile, the company now has a multi-housed base at home and abroad.
The company is actively cooperating with the company, setting up a joint venture with Hiro and Chirí, to quickly upgrade the company’s core spares and capabilities as a company of tierl. The company is expected to achieve this through [odm platform plus consumer electronics experience plus product competitiveness].
Breaking through more car brands.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect companies to be part of the parent company ' s net profits 2023-2025
For well-established comparable companies, the average value of comparable companies is 30/21/16 times (15 December). Given the long-term growth in corporate cross-cutting deployments of automobiles and communications, we believe that sophisticated communications should benefit from higher valuations, with the first “buy-in” rating over coverage.
1. A vertical integration into a sophisticated manufacturing platform, a forward-looking layout that increases core competitiveness
Founded in 2004, the first major business was the production of computer connectors. In 2010, the company, after a deep-seas market, developed a horizontal expansion of consumer electronics products through the acquisition of consumer electronic resources, along with vertical integration into a sophisticated manufacturing platform that successfully cuts into the supply chain of large offshore customers, forming deep bindings with large customers in the long-term development, with a large share of production.
In addition, the company's forward-looking deployment of automobile electronics and telecommunications, acquisition and acquisition of related businesses, and its active expansion of new energy vehicles, 5g base stations, data centres, among others, have yielded remarkable results. The company's current strategic objective of “three five-years” is to continuously promote vertical integration of consumer electronics to expand its advantages and use automobiles.
Electronics and telecommunications create a “second curve” of corporate growth, and in the future achieves the goal of becoming a leading producer of global communications and car zeros. The consumer electronics sector is vertically integrated to bind large customers, and the electronics-+ communications product expansion of automobiles builds a new engine of growth.
The Division ' s product operations are structured in a diversified and vertically integrated manner, with an integrated coverage of zero components, modules and system assembly, which can be divided into three main sections of consumer electronics, auto electronics, and communications operations by field.
Since then, the company has expanded its product lines around large clients, cutting into many operations such as apparel equipment, smart homes, acoustic components, camera modules, etc. In 2020, two subsidiaries were acquired to become new assembly plants for large overseas customers and to expand the assembly operations. In 2021, they acquired Japanese computers.
Totomodule's substitute business. 2) The company's auto electronics are based on car wire beams, above which it has multiple hairs, display links, car-borne cameras, smart cabins, smart network lines, etc. In 2021, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the laser radar plant, which is fast-engaging, forward-looking autopilot of laser radar products. In 2022, it signed a war with Chir.
The company's communications operations are mainly centred on the Arithmetic Centre and the layout of the wireless base station, where the company's multi-species zero-assembly components, modular products are extended to servers, and the whole machine is assembled. In wireless base stations, the company covers a wide range of product lines, such as antennas, filters, radio frequency units, etc., and continues to dig.
The company has a stable equity structure, limited communications, and the company is the initiator and controlling shareholder. The chairman, Wang Yichun, and the vice-chairman, are the real controllers, through the holding of shares.
The company’s large number of subsidiaries, its extensive segmented operations, and its large acquisitions and acquisitions during the period of business expansion reflect a strong ability to integrate resources. Smart manufacturing performance has continued to grow, and the cost of efficient cost-control has steadily decreased.
Billion dollars, a 7% increase over the same period, of which q3 recorded a revenue of $57.9 billion in a single season, a 9% decline over the same period. Performance growth slowed, largely influenced by the restructuring of the company’s operations, and the company adjusted a number of low-profit products in three quarters, to some extent, to produce a single quarterly collection.
The company’s consumption of electronic technology has slowed down, and the industry’s competitive patterns have been stabilized in line with the vertical integration of the industrial chain, following the strategic principles of “old products, new customers, new markets” and rising in different markets.
Cost control and size control reduce cost rates, and Māori level stabilizes. Company ' s third quarter of 2023
Māori sales rates and net interest rates for sales have stabilized, and cost rates have fallen slightly. Thanks to corporate cost-control awareness and scale, product structures have changed and Māori rates for consumer electronics have declined considerably over the years, leading to a significant decline in Māori rates in companies in 2021, and with the continued vertical integration of resources in the company’s industrial chain.
1.3. Strategic vision, platform-based layouts continue to enhance core competitiveness Management is experienced and dynamic, and forward-looking planning opens up new paths for companies to develop.
Market forms expand large customers, open new businesses, and have a strong strategic vision and implementation that has enabled companies to move well into hundreds of billions of businesses. At the moment, Wang has launched three five-year plans for companies to develop in areas that consume electronics, automobiles, communications, etc., and reduce customer concentration, business risk, and high and sustained quality growth.
The downstream industry continues to upgrade, and the platformed enterprise layout is expected to benefit fully. In 2023, the consumer electronics, automobiles, electronics, and communications industries have shown a clear trend towards upgrading, and companies have continued to build platforms, and the platform business, and are expected to benefit fully from downstream industry upgrading.
The replacement smartphone became a new major consumer electronic product, with the launch in June 2023 of the Visionpro headlines, the company pre-positioning the full operation of the Visionpro and providing a platform service, which is expected to benefit from downstream rapid release. In the electronics sector, the trend of intelligence is becoming a consensus, with companies working together to quickly aggregate the layout laser radar, and pre-entry automatic.
In the area of driving, building a platform advantage with existing products such as car wires, smart cabins, new energy sources, and providing a holistic solution for smart cars, companies have now begun to transfer their capacity to electronic cars, with immediate product volumes. In the communications industry, vertical integration of the full data centre solution has been achieved, and there is a clear trend towards future artificial intelligence, construction of 5g, etc.
Downstream demand is strong, company products are time-limited. Vertically integrated, solid consumer electronic basics, mr open growth ceilings, vertically integrated + strategic corporate position of large clients.
Vertical integration + large customer strategy becomes a new trend in the consumer electronics sector. The trend in the consumer electronics sector of vertical integration is evident, mainly because of the slowdown in technological innovation in recent years, early consumption during the epidemic, which led to insufficient market demand in 2023, and increased claims by branders for supply chain cost control.
As a result, many consumer e-suppliers use large customer binding + vertically integrated strategies to stabilize the collection of basics, improve supply shares in large customer supply chains through vertical integration, reduce business costs and safeguard their core competitiveness.
In the year, it became the sole manufacturer of airpodspro. In the year 2020, a sophisticated acquisition of Altitude Soccer Company was made into a large overseas passenger cellular assembly service, and a gradual increase in the assembly share became the iphone 15pus assembly plant in 2023.
In the case of smart watches, a 40% apple watch product was set up in 2022, making it the largest producer of smart watch outsourcing in the second half of 2022.
With a new generation of smart-dressing devices, the company, or the east wind, becoming the world’s largest intelligent watch outsourcing assembler, has obtained more odm/ems orders. The advantage of sophisticated vertical integration is obvious, and “part parts plus modules” are expected to continue to benefit from large customer products.
Upgraded. For the zero component, the company-controlled solar computer (which has now been changed to be sophisticated), perfecting its own product matrix in the field of precision architecture, integrating the supply of electroacoustic light power, and increasing its share of large-client cellular structures and Topmodule, which has now been successfully acquired, with the help of building up sophisticatedly to fill the output gap in the field of Topmodele.
Bottomodule orders are expected to continuously increase the volume and self-supply of single machines in iPhone products in the future, and to penetrate the supply of large customer parts across the board. With regard to modular components, the iPhone 15 series, for the first time, will carry the typepec interface, which will continue to transition from the lighting interface to the typepec interface, with a clear trend towards an increase in the number of related parts in the typepec.
In more than a decade, 2015 became the first company in the world to obtain a product recognition for the usbtype-creceptacle and laug connectors, and in September of the same year it became the first company in the world to obtain a product certification for the usbtype-cableassembly, with a global market share of 40 per cent, and is expected to fully benefit from the increment in the large customer connector replacement.
Figure 15: Precision smartphone connectivity program, Figure 16: Precision type-c product layout. Digital applications stimulate new intellectual potential and create a powerful engine for profit growth.
Accurate manufacturing capabilities have changed the three phases of “Automated passive positioning - Active positioning - Fully automated intelligence super-precision, modularization” and are now well advanced on the industry's 4.0 path in order to sustain innovation and drive companies to make breakthroughs in more sophisticated areas. In digital applications, companies have introduced saps, plms, mes, etc.
Systems such as wms, which achieve a continuous increase in productivity and good performance; in automated processes, companies achieve complex techniques in the process, real-time feedback from machine-visual measurements, deeper self-learning of automated equipment; h1 achieves a net return profit of $4.36 billion per year, a 15 per cent increase compared to the future intelligent manufacturing will coordinate vertical integration platforms.
2.2.Visionpro leads the new era of spatial computing, deeply involved in the new shape of the Internet for the product mix xr, and future market size. xr (extendedreality), Chinese name
To expand the reality, it means a tackable device for human interaction that combines reality with virtual reality, which is currently in the mainstream xr including 1)vr (virtual reality): to shield all visions, create a complete virtual environment through vr head displays to experience 3d virtual soaking. 2) anar (enhanced reality): by folding images and holograms in the real world.
Combining virtual objects with the real world. 3) mr (mixed reality): Between enhancing reality and virtual reality, it blurs the boundaries between virtual reality and reality, incorporates digital virtual objects in the real world, and in the virtual world, real objects appear in virtual reality. As the meta-cosmos evolves, xr products are presented as indispensable interfaces.
The emerging trend to replace smartphones will play an important role in upgrading the information dimension from two-dimensional to three-dimensional, and will further expand the development space in the future when portable, high-price pain spots are resolved. Technavio data show that by 2027, the size of the entire Xr market is expected to increase to $421.4 billion.
The visionpro leads a new tide of mr, opening a new era of spatial computing. Space computing is a calculation model for integrating xr technology, designed to integrate digital information with the real world, creating a completely new computing environment, able to sense and understand the space around us, and to interwoven digital content with reality.
Has been involved in Xr product and space computing designs, Google launched the googlegallass generation in 2012, Facebook acquired oculus for $2 billion in 2013 and released the second version of the Ocuulusrift development package the same year, followed by major Sony, Samsung, htc, etc.
In September of this year, Mi released a single-eye-guided ar smart glasses. In 2023, a client released a first-hand viewer, officially entering the Xr product area, with the aim of destabilizing the application experience, audio-visual entertainment and space socialization of traditional devices, or the “definition” of consumer electronics, creating a new era of space computing.
Figure 20: The Xr product development journeys with new technologies, hardware upgrades and applications to boost high-speed industrial development. For hardware, the vision pro monitors are customized microoled with a single-eye resolution of 4k, with a two-high-performance core of m2 and r1
A client can be said to have significantly increased the amount of hardware and hardware performance in order to achieve a high effect, only to achieve industry markers. In order to match high performance components, application is possible.
Using the newly developed operating system VIIONos, unlike other ar/vr operating systems, Visonos has really changed the way the user operates VISIONPro without additional hardware, can browse applications by simply looking at them, knocking on their fingers or using voice commands, and VISIONos supports third-party developers redesigning the apple
The application package and experience, which allows the ipad application to be migrated to the platform relatively easily, will greatly enhance the Xr application landscape and promote the development and use of more high-quality applications. Deep involvement in large client product overlaps, and the ability to collaborate in the development of support companies’ products will be upgraded from zero components to full-scale assembly.
As of 2022, it has invested more than $20 billion in intensive research and development, mainly for upgrading of products from large clients, and for forward-looking inputs into advanced process and materials, during the development of a visionpro.
Households are working closely together, promising to cut into more supply chains for model components, and to benefit fully from the rise in sales by Visionpro, which, according to Canalys, is expected to accumulate more than 20 million sales over the next five years, with a market size of more than $10 billion. Companies are expected to continue to benefit from the mr’s lead series in the future, building new performance growth points.
Automobiles: As a leading company that has demonstrated its ability in the consumer electronics sector, the company has accumulated high-speed transmission technology in the communications sector and has deposited sophisticated manufacturing capabilities in the consumer electronics sector.
Low-level capabilities, such as rapid response capacity/integrated solutions/cost control, can achieve cross-border empowerment. 1) Financial strength: based on the company ' s investor relations record sheet of 24 February 2023, based on the company ' s current development in long-cycle areas such as automobiles, electronics and telecommunications, the path is correct and market-wide, and no special consideration is being given in the near future.
The company has been operating steadily for many years, and has remained stable at over 20 per cent since 2019, and as of the third quarter of 2023, with 31.8 billion dollars in hand currency, the financial strength of the company provides a solid guarantee for the continued investment/technical depth of the productive capacity of subsequent automobile operations.
2) Rapid response capacity/integrated solutions/cost control capacity: with many years of high-precision system integration, companies have a leading advantage in optical, thermal, electrical, etc., in cost control, process control and quality performance, while companies have accumulated rapid response capacity and co-development on consumer e-clients such as a client
Capacity can also be migrated simultaneously, saving a lot of development cycles and workloads in the development process. At the same time, multi-operational layouts can provide clients with complete system solutions and become platformed system providers. 3.1. Internal horizontal expansion + acquisition parallels with steady growth in automobile operations
3.1.1. Parallel to the internal horizontal expansion + acquisition, the layout of the automobile business is gradually being improved. In 2011, the company established the Automotive Enterprise, which is mainly responsible for the production of car wires and connectors, and gradually improved the layout of the automobile business by completing multiple acquisitions by the subjects of listed companies and parent companies.
55 per cent shareholding in electric appliances, cut into car connection business; 2) 100 per cent acquisition of German suk equity for €40-50 billion in 2013 into the area of car plastics; 3) limited acquisition of 100 per cent shareholdings in 2017 by company-held shareholders in the Motors Control System, a subsidiary subsidiary of Cefu, to be known as Victory Technology (Suzhou) Ltd., a major producer of products
The future product lines are divided into smart compartments, smart network connections, autopilots, and three categories, of which the smart compartments are broken down into sensors, human interface systems, controls, executives, and smart web lines.
It is divided into antennas, gateways, etc., and intelligent drivers into cameras, millimetre waves, radars, etc.; 4) In 2018, the group set up a set-up of innovations to provide electronic automobile products such as awm, dms, etc. The company's main products are divided into auto nervous systems, car smart driving, motor power systems and car smart cockpit IV.
Most of them. Through more than a decade of research and development and business start-up, the company has extended the layout of its automobile products to in- and out-of-air multi-product lines, now covering core parts such as car wires, connectors, smart web links, smart cabins and new energy motor systems, including high/low pressure wire beams, special wire beams, charge guns, car connectors, smart cabin controls, etc.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate for automobile operations is around 16%, with a steady rate of profitability and a high rate of growth.
The company’s aggressive development of smart cabins and intelligent driving is expected to drive the growth of the Māori rate. According to the company’s " 5.2.2.2023 market space for products in the market is wide and the company’s productive capacity is well available.
According to the company ' s Investor Relations Activity Record of 22 May 2023, all products available to the company are in the range of $30 to $40,000. Given the specific nature of the parts of the automobile, the company now owns several manufacturing bases at home and abroad.
Service clients, intensive distribution of car production capacity. 1) Hubeit: signed in January 2022 for a sophisticated car electronics park project, started production in June, the first phase of the October project was officially completed, mainly in the development, production and marketing of car cords. The second phase is now proceeding in an orderly manner. 2) Hebei Conservative: The same owner
The second phase of the 300 million-dollar automobile beam project was completed in April 2023. 3) An Qing Guang will build two smart automated production lines with 300,000 car beams per year, which will be published in February 2023. 4) An Qing Zhen City: Quantue City as Group Motors Production Headquarters, and the Circumcision project has been launched, including the Year of the Year.
5) Jiangsu Salt City: Salt City plant is mainly involved in connection production, with a construction cycle of 5 million units per year after delivery in July 2022 - December 2024.
Permanent State: In February 2022, an additional $1.5 billion was earmarked for the construction of the production line for the new energy vehicle high-voltage connection system in Changzhou. Line beams: one-stop beam solutions are available. Car beams are energy and signal transport vehicles and are custom-made products.
The system is a vehicle for the transport of motor energy and signals, linking the centrally controlled components to the auto control unit, the electrical and electronic implementation unit, the electrical components organically, and forming a complete motor power control system. It is distributed mainly in the power module, the cabin, the dashboard, the door and the top shed.
There are different design options and quality standards for the same type of vehicle.
In the larger trend of electric intelligence, wire beams, as whole-car neurovascular systems, are the weight of transmission of whole-car signals and energy, vectors, non-depletable system-grade parts that follow the development path of mobile components such as batteries, electric machines, etc., and are expected to become the next big single item in the vehicle transfer system. From vehicle value, as high pressure and smart wire beams are imported,
In terms of market share, global shares tend to be concentrated, with the share of the market being nearly 70% for cr3 according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries; the share of domestic producers is generally more fragmented domestically. Third-party + mainframe certification creates barriers to industry, production quality, production and brand-shares.
The safety and reliability of wire beams are increasingly emphasized as cars turn to electrical control components such as boosters, heat heating, back-up images, etc. Car beams are car safety features, high barriers to qualification certification, and need to meet the standards of the tripartite certification and internal control system of the mainframe plant.
Certification through iatf16949 quality management system standards; in the case of hosting plant certification, after third-party certification, the vendor still requires the supplier to meet its own quality and process management system requirements, generally taking one to three years for overall certification and a long certification cycle.
For the purpose of stabilizing supply, only one or three suppliers of the same spare parts for a single full-car project usually do so. Once successfully entering the complete vehicle system, a more fixed supply system can be developed.
(i) Synchronization of research and development capabilities and quality reliability: The emergence of a globalized procurement of car spare parts and a pattern of industrial collaboration between car-based enterprises and parts-based enterprises, leading to the involvement of car-cam companies in the process and their gradual involvement in the design, development and production of new vehicle models for the entire manufacturer.
In the process, there is a higher requirement for product design and synchronized R & D capabilities for automobile beaming enterprises. 2) Computation reliability: Once the beams are short-circuited, broken, overheated, wet, they can easily affect the safety of the car. The normal whole-line beams have 1000-2000 parts, with a high quality control point, and their quality reliability is key to the liner's support.
It provides a complete design, manufacture, and certification that includes low-pressure, high-pressure, special wire beams, and charge guns. Companies have the ability to design, develop, make smart, and apply innovative technologies in a fast and efficient manner, guaranteeing efficiency, quality, and resolution.
3.2.2. Connectors: Synergy where vertical integration can be fully realized The market for connectors is wide and the market for car connectors is constantly developing. In recent years, it has benefited from the continued development of the downstream industries of new energy sources Automobiles, data and communications, computers and their surroundings, consumer electronics, and global connectivity market regulations.
According to bishop&associates, the size of the global connection market increased from $51.2 billion to $78 billion in 2011-2021, with a complex inter-area growth rate of about 4.3 per cent.
To be used for whole-car signal transmission under the 12v power source, the total number of bicycles is approximately 250-1,000, based on the stock offer, the average unit price of the car connector in 2013-2014 is about $1.4, and the value of the traditional car connector is about 350-7000.) High pressure connectors: the high-pressure connector value is significant as the requirements for pressure tolerance and temperature rise increase, etc.
Upgraded, for example, the new energy car connector averaged $48.65/set, with a vehicle-by-car value of $600-1500; 3) high-speed connectors: as data transfer speed increases, the high-speed connector rises to new opportunities, and the average unit price of the Afenohsd high-speed connector product can reach $42.06/, based on TA data.
Local manufacturers rise rapidly, and national production is replaced by accelerated upscaling. At present, among overseas firms, Teco, Anfino, Ambofo, traditional, high-pressure connectors, high-speed connectors, Rosenberg specializes in high-speed connections, high-pressure connections, etc.
Domestic firms, with their R & D inputs and long-term technology accumulation, meet customer customization + common R & D requirements, respond quickly to customers’ needs, and the domestic production of automobile connectors is accelerating.
The barriers to entry are higher in the automobile connection industry. The quality of the car connection is more demanding, and the respective supplier must be certified with the iatf 16949 quality system. In addition, many of the entire garages have defined the connectivity standards that belong to their own companies, such as vw75174, the general gmw-3191, the smtc 386/2001 of the upper gas group.
q/jlyj7110195c, etc. for cars, there are barriers to entering the whole supply chain system.
A combination of products such as low-pressure connectors, coax connectors, etc., takes full advantage of the synergies of vertical integration by providing customers with 3.2.3.smart cabins & smart drivers: a comprehensive modularized product The whole e/e structure begins to shift from the old distributed structure to a centralized domain structure.
All software values are collected within the domain controller, and the car company tries to fill its own software algorithm shortboards and obtain an arithmetic value increment by virtue of the strength of the supply chain.
Area controllers drive the body comfort area controller software and hardware decoupling, and the value of the software goes further to the area controller set, with distribution controllers moving to the smart implementer + the smart sensor. The whole traffic is managed in conjunction with the gateway + Ethernet, which makes it easier to upgrade the whole level of the software ota.
. The TIER1 software section concentrates on regional controllers and tries to compete for this value addition. The product layout for the smart cabin contains two categories of smart-bar and body-control domain products. The product layout for the medium-intelligent-barrel area includes three categories of smart-barrel, ar-optic and visual processing, and the body-control area product layout.
Power management and vehicle body control are two types of products. 1) Smart seat area products: the product lines of the corporate smart space controller cover the early nxp airspace control, the national production smart cabin platform and the high-speed high-end engine platform. Planning is under way for the next generation of corporate high-value platforms. In addition, the company currently owns whud, arhud, double-storey arhud.
2) body control domain products: the company currently has multifunctional body domain controls on bdcs and the next-generation planned regional controller zcu products. The company ' s product layout for intelligent driving includes sensory units, sensory systems, and computing units. 1) l2 base
System and elevator systems: The company ' s main mass production products include millimetre wave radars, intelligent one-stop machines, l2+adas controllers: 2) Advanced intellectual driving systems: A high-level computing platform in a company has the flexibility to use one or more high-calculus soc to complete systems architecture, rationale development, simulation testing, etc.
3.3. Operating model: Active external cooperative mainframes, rapid upgrading of integrated capabilities. Companies are actively cooperating with the outside world in parallel, setting up a joint venture with Hironaga, Chiré, and rapidly upgrading the company’s capacity as a core component of the Tier 1 company.
Sub-experience +tier1 product competitiveness: Breaking through more car brands. 3.3.1. Acquisition of Chirre shares, acceleration of capacity-building of the Quest Tier 1 acquisitions, construction of forward R & D designs, mass production platforms and sea exits for core parts of the company ' s automobiles. 2022
In February of that year, Quiz Ltd. signed the Framework Agreement on Equity Transfers with the Qingdao New Energy Motors Foundation, which agreed to create a limited amount of RMB 10,544 million to purchase 19.88 per cent of Chiré holdings, 7.87 per cent of Chiré shares and 6.24 per cent of Chiré New Energy (Chidry Associates) shares for the construction of corporate gas.
In November 2023, China’s first-car industry 7 was on the market, and the company’s involvement as Tier 1 was more deeply involved in the company’s chain of industry, and the company’s involvement in the company’s new car chain was increased.
3.3.2. Establishment of a joint venture with Hiroto to promote land-based production of domain-controlled components.
In September 2023, the Science and Technology Smart Drive Control (STIR) project started its first phase, covering about 100 acres, with a total investment of about $3 billion.
Working to localize the development and production of vehicle core domain-controlled components, production is expected to be achieved in 2024, with a post-partum forecast of about $10 billion. Based on the following core assumptions, we predict the profit for 2023-2025 that is highly sophisticated.
The average value of Descewie/Mercure/Commercial Electronics-led manufacturing/East Mount precision as a stand-up, comparable to the average value of 30/21/16 (15 December). Given the company's long-term growth in cross-cutting layout of automobiles and communications, we believe that sophisticated communications should benefit from higher valuations, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
The risk of instability in the global trading environment and the risk of deterioration in the global economic environment. Corporate exports account for a relatively high share, and if the global trading environment deteriorates or the economic environment deteriorates, they will affect corporate operations.
The market is not as high as it is expected to affect the company’s profitability. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations.