Precision: Three-quarter profit growth, four-quarter growth momentum, Huang Jia Qi.
• Restatement of the well-informed “buy-in” rating: in the face of the difficult external macro-environment this year, on 24 October 2023, it was the electronics industry that maintained a negative growth performance and achieved performance
Together with three quarters of performance and year-round guidance, we expect the company to grow 20% on a year-on-year basis in 2023, basically in line with expectations at the beginning of the year. Growth this year is largely due to the growth in profits brought about by large customer assembly and vertical integration.
We believe that large client-related business will continue to provide the growth momentum of communications over the next 2-3 years. At the same time, while companies have adjusted their strategic direction to reduce the proportion of low-morigin products, we expect that the company will focus simultaneously on high-speed copper, light modules, and radiating products.
Block business is expected to grow at a high rate in the next few years. Moreover, the start-up automobile business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the case of automobile operations, the focus is on head-car companies, as well as those with the potential to grow into Chinese and even global leaders, using wires, smart cabins, etc.
The annual market rate is 17 x, and the valuation is attractive and flexible. • 3q23 performance sustains growth, as expected, and 4q23 profits are expected to accelerate as compared to the expected growth: readjustment of communications operations, marketable rhythms for new products, changes in the sip product trading pattern
But the company's Māori rate recorded 13.8 per cent in the third quarter, a 2.5 percentage point ring increase, a 0.7 percentage point increase in the same year. So we see that some of the business end-of-end adjustments have a relatively small impact on profit ends. At the same time, large customers.
In the third quarter of the year, the net profit increased by 15% and the ring by 29%. In the fourth quarter of the year, the company announced a 20% increase in the median return net profit ring, 31% increase in the same year.
• Investment risk: Demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has recovered less than expected and has grown considerably in the second half of the year. There has been a weak increase in domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles. Industry competition has increased again, and players are under pressure and recovering slower than expected.
This growth is faster than performance.e = Silver & Silver International spobinternational
An accurate review of performance and outlook A sophisticated financial situation of 3q23 The operating income was RMB 57.904 billion, a decline of 8.51 per cent and an increase of 20.56 per cent in the ring.
The Division’s performance in the third quarter was in line with market expectations, with an operating cost of 7.1 per cent, an increase of 0.4 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 0.6 per cent in the ring. The growth dynamic comes from the assembly of large clients and from vertical integration processes.
Based on the company ' s performance forecast for the entire year 2023, the following 4q23 guidelines are available:
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios for Pilgrim International’s spobinternational spdbi
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected and demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovers more than expected;
The demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has not recovered as expected; The new energy automobile industry has grown faster than expected, leading to the company's automobile business, and the domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles have not increased as much as expected;
(a) Maintaining a high rate of growth and a sustained increase in the Māori rate;
The company's communications business expanded well beyond the basic scenario; the time to be affected by the input of new products was shorter than expected, and the size of the collection was lower than expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.