As of the end of 2017, the company had a capacity of 104 million kilowatts, or 63 per cent of the capacity of the group, and a total of 63 per cent of the country's total power supply.
With 5.7 per cent capacity, the company's installation is dominated by a fire-fired generator, and compared to the same industry, the company has an absolute advantage in the installation of aircraft and annual power generation, with the average price of electricity on the Internet being the first and the absolute leader in the fire and electricity industry. In 2017, the company, influenced by the high price of coal, lost its profits and became a part of it all year after year.
In 2018, coal-fired power connections met the start-up conditions, and it was calculated that if coal-connected power was activated, the electricity would be on-line on average. Quijoy, the price would increase by 4.07 minutes/kWh, while the price difference in electricity marketized transactions was gradually narrowing, with the company on average.
The price of grid power is expected to rise; the rate of increase in electricity consumption across the society is clear in 2017, while the rate of increase in installed power has slowed, and the imbalance in electricity supply and demand is expected to improve in 2018, with companies expected to continue to increase their revenues.
Under government leadership, coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas, and company operating costs are expected to fall.
4.27 per cent, all above the public utility average, but high fluctuations in performance have led to long-term low corporate valuations below the public utility average. The company’s performance will rise steadily in the future, gradually returning to utility attributes, and the valuation level is expected to rise.
In Beijing's west-town area, the 28th of Peace Rixie Street will gradually return to utility properties, with the first coverage rated as an “uptaker.”
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The only platform for the integration of the regular energy operations of the energy industry of the Group is the China Energy International Co. Ltd., which was approved by the former National Commission for the Reform of the Economic System in June 1994.
On 30 January, the company was co-sponsored in Beijing by China Energy and Hebei, Fujian Investment and Development Corporation, Jiangsu Investment Corporation, Liaoning Energy Corporation, Dalian City Construction and Investment Corporation, South Tong City Construction Investment Corporation, and Yihang City Power Development Corporation, Inc., Inc. in October 1994.
One hundred and twenty-five million shares of foreign equity were released each month and marketed on the United States stock exchange in the form of United States deposits; in March 1998, the company issued an additional quarter of a billion shares of foreign equity (h shares) to market Hong Kong shares and sold 400 million shares of domestic equity to China; and in November 2001, the company issued 350 million shares of a stock.
One billion shares, the company's ultimate owner being China China China Energy Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as the China Energy Group), are officially listed on the national master board, with 47.16 per cent of the shares held by the company's actual controlling party being the State Council's State Assets Oversight and Management Committee.
It was established in 1988 with the approval of the State Council and is managed by the State Council's State Assets Control Board, and is an important State-owned enterprise. By the end of 2017, the total assets of the Group had exceeded $1 trillion, both within and outside the country.
The capacity of the capital and controlled power plants has exceeded 170 million kW, or about 10% of the country’s total installed capacity. The group’s primary equipment, such as coal, finance, scientific research, and development, and transport, which serve the electricity main sector, led China’s electricity-generating enterprise to the world’s 500th largest, ranking 274th place in 2017 as a solution.
With regard to competition, the Group has committed itself to injecting into the company assets of high-quality conventional energy operations in the provinces and cities. Since the Department’s listing, the Group has injected cumulatively about 40 million kilowatts of installed capacity units and through equity financing, bringing cumulatively about 6 billion yuan, and the Group will continue to inject high-quality assets into the company in the future.
1.2. The advantage of loading is evident in the fact that by the end of 2017, the company had a controlled capacity of 104 million kilowatts (kW) in power generation, representing 61 per cent of the energy assembly capacity and 6.1 per cent of the country ' s total power capacity.
Eighty-four per cent of the company's clean energy installed, taking into account that the gas unit is over 15 per cent, of which the gas unit has a controlled capacity of over 10 million kilowatts, the wind unit has a controlled capacity of 457.8 kilowatts, and the photovoltaic power plant has a capacity of about 888,000 kilowatts.
It's a large fleet of 600,000 kW and above, including 14 of the world's most advanced millions of kW in production, 66,000 kW of the country's highest parameters for efficient supercritical coal combustion, and the country's first supercritical secondary coal re-fired generator.
The country's electricity-generating industry is characterized by a “five or four” pattern, in which the former five major power-generating groups, including the National Power Group, the China Power Group, the China Energy Group, the Great Tang Group, the National Power Source Group, and the South China Group, formed the National Energy Group in 2017 and formed a new five-large power-generating groups, whose main power-generation units were listed on the public market.
The Department of National Electricity, China Power International, China Energy International, Da Tang Power, and China Power. The company was also in the top position at an annual average cost of $414.01/megawatt.
The power plants in the country are located in 26 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions, mainly along the coastal river, coal-rich areas, or power-loading centres. These regional transport facilities facilitate multi-channel purchases of coal, stabilize the supply of coal, and reduce the cost of such purchases.
Industry leads, with average coal consumption, plant power rates, water consumption, etc., all of the company’s coal-fired units having implemented ultra-low-emission modifications to date. 1.3. Coal prices are high, and companies have lost profits.
The company focuses on the production and sale of electricity and heat. The company’s main business is the production and sale of electricity and heat, with 97.73% of the company’s electricity generated on fire, with coal-fired electricity generating 95.02% of the electricity generated on fire. For coal-fired power generation, fuel costs are higher than operating costs, so the company’s profitability is subject to coal price fluctuations.
Since mid-2016, coal prices have been rising, and coal prices have been high since 2017, as a result of which there has been a marked decline in corporate profitability. Fuel costs have been high, corporate profits have declined. Companies purchased 168 million tons of coal in 2017.
The cost per unit of fuel sold by domestic power plants was $225.92 per year, an increase of 34.39 per cent over the same year; the profitability of companies improved in the third quarter, mainly as a result of higher prices of electricity on the Internet.
Applying a 25 per cent downward adjustment to the national fund for major hydroworks and the post-immigration support fund for large- and medium-sized reservoirs. The free space for electricity is used to increase the price of electricity on the Internet between 0.2 and 2.2 per kilowatt-hours per province. The company ' s losses in the fourth quarter are due mainly to the continued rise in coal prices in the fourth quarter and the price of ccl5,500 coal.
The index ring rose by 8.1 per cent and the cost of the company increased.
High coal prices have met the conditions for triggering a coal-connection policy. From 2004, we introduced a coal-connected motor system for a coal-connected price cycle of not less than six months, which would be adjusted accordingly if the average coal price during the cycle was 5% or more over the previous week.
Six launches were made, the first four were made, and the last two were made to lower the price. The latest launch of the coal connection was on 1 January 2016, which synchronized the price of the national coal-fired unit to lower the price of the Internet and the price of the sale of electricity, in accordance with the Circular on Improving Coal-Firing Prices and Related Matters issued by the Commission in 2015.3
%/kWh. Sets as the base price the 2014 average price of coal (444 yuan/tonne), cf. the China Coal Price Index published by the China-China ITU triggers the calculation formula when fluctuations are greater than $30, in annual terms, compared to the price of electricity on the Internet corresponding to the 2014 price of electricity and coal, and is eligible
The following inter-regional linkage adjustments are made to the prices of electricity on the Internet and the sale of electricity. The average electricity price index in 2017 was 516 yuan per ton, about 72 yuan per ton higher than in 2014, and the conditions for triggering coal-connection mechanisms have been met, the coal-to-connection policy is expected to be initiated, and the price of the fire poles on the Internet is expected to increase.
If the coal connection is activated, it is expected to increase the price on the Internet by an average 4.07 minutes/kWh. Standard coal consumption is currently reduced by an average of 2.91 minutes/kWh/kWh/kw/kWh/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/kw/k/kw/h/k/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/
The company is located in 26 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions, and most of the company’s units are expected to receive higher prices if the coal connection is activated.
Since the start of the new power revolution, the amount of electricity traded on the national market has risen from 300 billion kilowatt-hours in 2014 to about 1.6 trillion kilowatt-hours in 2017, and the share of electricity traded on the market has risen from 7% to 25%.
There are two main reasons for this. First, in market-based traders, the amount of side power is greater than the amount of side power, and the supply is higher than the demand is lower than the price of side power. Currently, in market-based transactions, the access threshold for side power generation is lower, generally for the provincial switchboards, and the use of side power requires business users of a certain size of power, such as in Guangdong.
In the provincial electricity trade, industrial users with more than 80 million kilowatts of electricity per year or commercial users with more than 50 million kilowatts per year are identified as large users and can directly participate in market transactions. Second, electricity supply and demand are generally relaxed, with electricity generation tending to lower electricity prices in order to increase electricity production, which is known as “minority sales”.
The supply and demand of electricity are lower than 4,500 hours, and in 2017, the nation’s fire engine was used 4209 hours, while the overall supply and demand remained more relaxed.
At that time, by the end of 2017, the trade price differential had narrowed to -39.45 /kWh. We believe that, with the gradual liberalization of side access conditions and a gradual improvement in power supply and demand, the price of electricity for market-based trading is expected to increase by 2.2.
In 2017, the number of hours spent on the power plant stopped to rise. According to the 2017 electricity industry statistics published by the National Energy Agency, the number of hours spent on the power plant at 6,000 kW and above was 37,86, a decrease of 11 hours compared to the previous year; the number of hours spent on the power plant was 35,79 hours, compared to the previous year.
There was a 42-hour decrease; the number of hours spent on fire power equipment was 4209, an increase of 23 hours compared to the previous year, the first increase since 2013.
449 hours: Yunnan, Beijing, Shandong power plants are ranked third in the country with a reduction in the number of hours used, not 686 hours, 566 hours, and 527 hours. We believe that the increase in electricity heat in 2017, the slowdown in power loaders and the decline in the number of hours used by utilities are responsible for the increase in the number of hours used by power plants.
Figure 10: The number of hours spent on fire power equipment rebounds; Figure 11: Changes in the number of minutes spent on fire power equipment in the provinces.
Over the same period, the increase was 1.6 percentage points, the rate of increase in electricity use since 2014, and the rate of increase in electricity use is clearly higher than expected in 2017, when ITU expects the entire population to grow by only about 3% compared to the same year.
We believe that the demand for electricity is expected to continue to rise as the economy recovers and as policies such as “coal conversion” affect it, and the rate of full-time installed electricity is expected to slow down between 2018 and 2020. In 2017, the national capacity for power generation amounted to 1,777 million kilowatts, compared to the comparable figure.
The rate of growth was 7.6 per cent, down 0.6 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, at a new low since 2002, and the rate of increase in power installed slowed down. By type, electricity, electricity, electricity, wind, solar, and nuclear power increased by 4.3 per cent, 2.7 per cent, 10.5 per cent, 68.7 per cent, and 6.5 per cent respectively.
The increase in the number of electric heaters, which is 62%, is 1 percentage point lower than in the same period of the previous year, while wind power and solar energy are still at a higher rate, but they are decreasing as compared to the previous year. We believe that progress in supply-side reforms is expected to continue to reduce the rate of increase in electric power and power generation, and to be constrained by such factors as hydropower development resources, eco-environmental protection, etc.
The scale of hydropower construction will decline significantly over the “12th” period, and the rate of hydropower growth will slow; In nuclear, wind and solar photovoltaics, as the base of installed capacity increases, clean energy such as wind and solar power will gradually fall as the base rises, and the rate of national power generation is expected to continue to slow.
The power generation capacity is second only to that of fire, and the low power generation directly affects the power generation capacity. Water was lost in the first half of 2017, and water improved in the second half of the year. Overall, utilities spent 35,79 hours a year, a 42-hour decline compared to the 42-hour decline;
Electricity grew by 3.4 per cent over the previous year, with a 2.5 percentage point decrease in the rate of increase. The decline in the hours of electricity and water use has given way to a portion of the power generation space.
Slow down, power supply and demand imbalances will continue to subside, with an increase of 36 hours per hour and 51 hours per hour for power generation equipment in January-February 2018. The demand for electricity is expected to continue to increase, and the number of hours for power generation is expected to increase as a result of policies such as “coal conversion”
In addition, the power generation unit, which is the main power source, will benefit if the water comes in less than expected and when the water is used less than expected. 2.3. Coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas.
The cost of fuel is the highest in terms of the operating costs of the main battalion. The operating costs of the lighter unit consist mainly of fuel costs, depreciation, electricity procurement costs, manpower costs, maintenance expenses, etc. Among these, the fuel cost is the largest component of the main operating costs, and the increase and fall in coal prices will have a direct impact on the profitability of the coal industry.
By the first half of 2017, the company had about 87 per cent of its coal power capacity, and the company ' s total operating costs were about 62.5 billion, of which the cost of fuel was 44 billion, representing 70 per cent of its operating costs. Coal prices were in the red regions for long periods of time. In January 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission joined the China Coal Industry Association.
A memorandum on the suppression of abnormal price fluctuations in the coal market was issued jointly by departments and offices, which clearly states that the control zone for coal prices is aimed at smoothing the abnormal price fluctuations in the coal market and facilitating the operation of coal prices in reasonable areas.
Police mechanisms, with three specific scenarios: 1) green areas (prices normal), where price fluctuations are within 6% (for example, in 2017, the basic contract price for powered coal in priority coal enterprises is 535 ton/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t) and 2) blue areas (prices are low)
Since 2017, the market price of coal has been high, and the bulk of the year’s combined coal price has been in red areas above $600/ton. The Cci5,500 Power Coal Price Index averaged $644/ton for the year, a significant increase of 166 yuan/ton over the year, an increase of 34.7 per cent.
Figure 18: Energy International costs 70% of the total cost of fuels The COICA helps to reduce the volatility of coal use in small businesses. The price of coal purchased by the fire power plant can be divided into three forms: the annual COAF price, which provides for quantity and a clear price formation in the annual contract concluded.
A monthly adjustment of prices; a monthly adjustment of prices; a mechanism for the formation of quantities and specified prices in the annual contract signed; a monthly adjustment of prices, with different methods of price calculation and annual prices; and a spot price, with coal prices determined by the market. For annual and monthly prices, according to "Big Base"
At current price levels, the relationship between the three prices is the annual price of the Association's Presidential Association < monthly price > > .
G. < spot prices; impact of market price fluctuations, annual price changes < monthly COICA price changes < spot price changes > > , and the signing of COCO helped to reduce the volatility of coal costs in small businesses. Under the guidance of ministries such as the CDRC, COCO continues to rise, which will help power producers to reduce coal costs.
Coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas. In 2017, domestic raw coal production increased by 3,445 million tons, or 3.2 per cent, and by 12.6 percentage points, compared to the previous year; coal and lignite imports increased by 271 million tons, or 6.1 per cent.
According to the National Development Commission, in 2016, 500 million tons of coal were withdrawn from coal production in three to five years, and the reduction of 500 million tons is expected to be completed ahead of schedule in 2018. With the gradual completion of coal production, coal prices are more likely to increase significantly.
Small, the introduction of additional productive capacity and the liberalization of import restrictions on coal will allow coal prices to gradually enter the downward route, and coal prices are expected to return to a reasonable area. According to the Note on Stabilizing the Volatility of Prices in the Coal Market, when prices are in the red zone, the authorities will initiate the suppression of coal prices.
Volatile response mechanisms, including depositing coal reserves, strengthening medium- and long-term contract compliance regulations, etc. We believe that, under government leadership, coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas.
Figure 21: Imports of coal and lignite increased by 6.1 per cent in 2017
Coal is the primary source of energy in the country, accounting for 60 per cent of primary energy consumption in 2016, while coal is the most important component of secondary energy in the country, with about 73 per cent of national electricity generation in 2017.
In February 2016, the State Council issued an opinion on the capacity of the coal industry to manage excess production for development out of poverty, calling for strict control of additional production capacity and accelerated phase-out of backward coal capacity, starting in 2016, using three.
Four successive documents issued by the National Energy Agency to address the risk of excess coal electricity production, issued in 2017 by the National Energy Agency, which stated in its Opinion on Promoting structural changes on the supply side to prevent the risk of excess coal electricity production, during the “13th Five-Year Plan” that 150 million kilowatts of coal power production had been suspended and delayed throughout the country, and that the deficit capacity had been phased out at 200 million.
The national policy encourages the implementation of coal-fired power restructuring, which can also eliminate excess coal and coal-fired capacity. The National Development and Reform Commission and other agencies have mentioned in their Opinions on Promoting Supply-side Structural Reforms to Combat the Risk of Overcapacity in Coal Power Production.
To encourage and facilitate the restructuring of large-scale power generation groups, encourage industrial chain synergies between industries such as coal and electricity, strengthen medium- and long-term cooperation between coal and electricity enterprises and stabilize coal market prices; and support dominant and major enterprises through asset restructuring, equity cooperation, asset swaps and free transfer
In its Opinion on Further Promotion of Coal Mergers and the Upgrading of Coal Enterprises, published by the National Development and Reform Commission, it was emphasized that support for coal and electricity enterprises to actively develop coal power pools through merger restructuring, including by financing purchases and holding shares. Coal power restructuring can avoid coal.
The development of high-quality coal and electricity production capacity, while addressing the risk of excess coal and coal power industries, is facilitated by the promotion of duplication in coal power pools by electricity companies.
Companies may be involved in coal power restructuring. There are currently two types of power enterprise restructuring, one between electricity enterprises, such as China-China and the nuclear bloc, which facilitates complementarities among electricity enterprises, removes inefficient production, increases industrial concentration, and creates competitive advantages. The other is upstream and downstream integration in the chain of industries, such as God.
The merger of the group and the national electricity conglomerates has helped to connect upstream and downstream, reduce duplication, reduce fluctuations in performance, and increase production efficiency and create synergies. The conglomerates have recently accelerated the integration of resources and have signed a cooperation agreement with the coal conglomerates to explore coal power integration, and companies may benefit from the reconstitution of the coal electricity industry.
After restructuring with the electricity industry, the company is expected to continue to gain access to high-quality power generation resources, and to continue to upgrade the company’s leading position in the industry; through restructuring with large coal enterprises, it can enjoy the advantage of internal coal resources, which can help to reduce company costs and increase its profitability.
If coal power is restructured, corporate profitability will be reduced. The company holding company, China Energy Group, installed in 2016 with 117 million kilowatts of coal power, produced 62.2 million tons of coal and supplied 37.7 million tons of coal in the system. Let's assume that China Energy Group produced coal in the first half of 2017 and supplied coal in the system in the first half of 2017.
In the first half of 2017, the company’s power plants in China, based on a combined statement of 18,668 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) in aggregate, used an average of 290.34 g/kW for the generation of coal.
On this basis, approximately 54.2 million tons of coal were consumed in the first half of the year, with the share of coal supplied in the system estimated at 26.48%. The company’s low self-sufficiency of coal led to a greater volatility in the company’s electricity consumption costs.
13.5 per cent of sales; total installed capacity for power generation amounted to 56.408 million kW, of which 64 per cent and 30 per cent were coal-fired generators; the coal-fired unit consumed 50.7 million tons of coal in the first half of the year, 45.2 million tons of coal in China and 89.2 per cent of the coal supply in the system.
As coal prices go down, the coal industry’s profitability rises while the coal industry rises; in contrast, the coal industry’s profitability rises and the coal industry’s earnings fall. China’s Sorbent rate of almost 90% of coal self-sufficiency effectively hedges the cyclical volatility of coal prices, which also allows companies to profit at a higher level.
Small movement and long-term maintenance between coal and the power industry. Figure 22: China’s main camp revenue in 2017. Figure 23: China’s net interest rate level is more stable
The company has maintained a high-scoring policy since it landed on a stock market in 2001. The company has implemented a cash-sharing bonus for an average of 16 years since it landed on a stock market in 2001 and lost a company in 2008, but still uses accumulated undistributed profits to make a bonus.
In the Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2018-2020), it is stated that where profits and accumulated undistributed profits for the year are positive and the company's cash flow meets the normal operating and sustainable development of the company, the share is distributed in cash and the profits distributed in cash annually are in principle not less than realized in the year. ]
The combined statement distributes 70% of the profits and no less than 0.1 yuan per dividend. In 2017, the company's profits fluctuated and its valuation levels were low. When the level of dividends remained high, the company valued water at a lower level than that of the utility industry.
The company’s profit level is highly volatile, even if the profit level fluctuates less over time, but the valuation of water returns to utility attributes, and the company’s valuation is expected to increase. The company’s performance tends to stabilize and will gradually return to public utility attributes, the main factors being: 1) gradual improvement in the supply and demand of electricity and steady growth in the company’s revenues;
2) Coal prices are expected to remain volatile between reasonable zones, with corporate cost fluctuations reduced. At the same time, companies are stored in coal power restructuring, and their profitability is expected to rise steadily if they are successfully reorganized, accelerating their return to utility attributes and their valuation is expected to increase.
V. Valuation rating: “End-up” rating, taking into account the impending turning point in corporate performance and the gradual return to utility attributes, with first-time coverage given to “upscaling electricity demand below expectations”
We expect coal prices to fall back to reasonable areas, and if coal prices rise significantly, the company's operating costs will be higher.
If the policy to control the coal charger is not implemented as expected, the coal charger will rise more than expected, and the fire power plant will use minor methods, using legally compliant information, to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.