Investment proposals: During the first half of the year, the five grain fluids were steady and stable, the channels were kept under control and the product structure moved upwards, the five grain fluids (000858) products were combing up and were expected to improve their structure and release profit elasticity.
The five grain fluids have been rational and confident, constantly optimizing the product structure, and releasing profit elasticity. Since their listing in September last year, the classic five-food fluids, after almost six months of exploration of business models, have entered the global layout, with plans to create a “1+n+2” network layout focusing on high-end circles.
The liquids plan is 2,000 tons of sales and 1450 tons of sales. For the first time in 25 years, the five grains have been marketed; they have been upgraded to 52 degrees of fragrance; they have been triggered in reverse and open; they have been re-incented; they have been re-incentived; and they have adopted the general principle of merit-based recruitment, while implementing market matching.
In 2021, the company made simultaneous appraisals of the repayments and sales, increased the ton average price of alcohol as an important indicator, led marketing areas to gradually adjust brands and products to medium and high prices, and gradually optimized the income structure, profit levels and profit margins of the fragrant series.
In the first half of the year, the firm's confidence in the price of the goods was firm, sending them in multiple shipments, maintaining good pipeline stock, encouraging dealers to make extra-price payments at $999, and facilitating the group's acquisition. The price of the five batches was steady from $960 to $970 at the beginning of the year.
Upgraded to $990-1,000, close to a thousand dollar price belt. Three quarters of the company continues to maintain a firm-to-college policy, with the expectation that it will maintain a lot-up trend until the mid-autumn season.
At the same time, the Ministry, along with the various war zones, has set up groups of about 300 people specializing in group purchasing.
In 2021, the Department achieved its target of 30% of all sales, and in the first half of the year it was more than halfway. Intra- and biographically, it increased its productivity and guaranteed 1450% of its demand.
During the \triangleright period, the company aims to upgrade three provincial engineering centres, wine screening centres to the national level, and to improve process and management, as well as staff skills, to promote the improvement of the success rate.
Work began on the capacity-building programme in 2017, and in July 2020, the 120,000-ton eco-breeding project (phase I) was launched, with an additional 120,000 tons of original drinking capacity expected to be added during the “1455” period, with total capacity, five grain fluids (000858.sz): redisk
In the evening of July 21st, 2021, the company's top executives changed their posts and boldly appointed a team of pros and technicians.
Since the "second reform" in 2017, the young Zou Tao has been carrying a series of wine reforms with strong fragrances, with Sindha Securities Ltd. taking the series through the most difficult times.
Liu Ming, who has 35 years of service, has been working on the first line of the workshop.
523 Workshop Director, with a great deal of technical experience. This change in the staff of the Five Grain Company reflects the bold appointment of young talent and technicians by the Department, and we believe that improvements in company operations will maintain continuity and firmly follow a high-quality course of development.
A firm thousand-dollar price with confidence, an active distribution of the classic five-dollar food fluids, and a firm self-confidence built through the system in the face of the emergence of the market's thousand-dollar price belts.
Nearly 10 white wine products with a price of $1399, the company stated at the shareholders meeting that the emergence of a thousand dollar price belt is a normal market behavior that is inextricably linked to the expansion of the middle class and the post-epidemiological recovery, and that the market expands faster and naturally attracts alcohol companies to speed up the layout of the thousands. Of course, in the face of competitors’ impact on the thousand dollar belt, the five grains are self-sufficient.
There is sufficient confidence in the dominant position, which stems mainly from the building of systems: (1) the original food system, the company's strategic grain base, with a total of 2 million acres throughout the country, supported by a number of academics as resource persons; (2) the product system, where companies have been able to rationalize their products according to the "1+3" and "4+4" series of wines. (3) the price system, VIII.
Dip's five batches have stabilized up to around a thousand dollars under a counter-price strategy, and there has been a marked improvement in the market space and increased confidence in the channels under the control-separation model for distributors and end-doors. (4) Marketing systems, the flatening of traditional channels, the acquisition of co-operatives, the acceleration of digital enabling, off-line integration development, and so on, have helped businesses build up marketing that promotes brand release.
(v) Incentive systems, with an annual 1218 Congress incentive mechanism for distributors, corporate employees with pay reforms and equity incentives, shareholders with good returns and full incentives in place. With a good system, companies are confident of taking advantage of the company’s ecological, brand, quality, cultural, cash-flow advantages, increasing the 1,000 dollar price band.
Figure 1: Prices of 1,000 yuan with prices of major products
Fig. 3: Confidence in the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-
The feedback on the classic five-food fluids was relatively good. The company conducted a comprehensive review of the pilot phase in May 2021, and further work was organized in the war zones in June, covering three main areas: (1) full release of channels, before 21q2, classic five open only to the city part of the capital of the province, limited range of test sales, and now fully open and active network of vendors.
(b) Conducting a continuous process of testing and testing, the company has established standards for the performance of such work, which will provide a more systematic consumer-breeding process through three types of activities: respect, vip, day to day. (c) creating a systematic atmosphere around high-end consumption scenes, such as high-end restaurants, hotels, and systematic arrangements and layouts.
A good market and terminal atmosphere is created. The classic five-food fluids have developed a business model that highlights positive interactions with consumers, is more respectful of consumer values, and allows consumers to become more involved in the creation of marketing values. For 10 years, the classic five-food fluids have been supplemented by rules such as two, two, half, three, five, and so on.
The company’s target sales of classic five-tons in 2021 are 2,000 tons, double the 2020 level, and 1450 are planned to scale tons of sales and further upgrade the product structure.
On July 19, 2021, the classic five-food strategy note on the theme "Crossing through time and space" was successfully held in Chengzhou. According to a microbarrel report, at the current strategy note, companies offered the advantage of continuing the digital transition to promote the "1-+n+2" business model.
To create an integrated network layout. Of these, “1” means the platform operator, who is responsible for the construction of regional distribution channels and serves as a core layer of consumer development poles; “n” means the distributor, who is responsible for the direct marketing of the group; and “2” refers to the direct supply to clients of the distributors of the contracts and companies.
We believe that the opening of the classic five-food liquid business model will lay a solid foundation for the upcoming Mid-Autumn Gyeong-Li, and that it will be a clear way for the company to achieve the classic five-food fluid planning goals.
For the first time in 25 years, the market was upgraded, with four major national singles of wine series being steadily combed. In 2020, the company changed the brands of five grains of alcohol, five grains of special curls, and three series of wines in Point House for new packaging, quality upgrades, and digital-scanning systems. Five grains were previously marketed as total distribution products, and in 2020 they were virtually unsaled in the process of recompiling them.
At the top of a single item, the five-food spring was the first to be replaced in June of this year in Nanjing, 25 years after it was introduced in 1996. The second-generation spring has upgraded the volume of alcohol from 50 degrees to 52 degrees, returning to the fragrance of classics.
In the outer packaging, the classical aesthetic elements of the “Congregation Show, Internal and External” were incorporated into the design elements of the second five-generation food spring. The second five-generation food spring was also used as a “one-size bottle” to trigger the reward and the opening of the bottle backwards, with a second incentive, to reach the target group, and to give channels and consumers greater rights through diversified points-exchange.
After the food market was put on the market, the P5 established the general principles of open transparency, smooth transition, new and old combinations, and best-selected firms, while implementing market quotas to ensure scarcity of distribution rights. According to the rum headlines, the plan for the next five years of the P5 spring has not increased, the quota has remained essentially the same, and the market competition has led to an increase in the number of high-quality traders and a reduction in the number of default sales and unsophisticated traders.
Quota plans will break the “uncontrollable” status of past channels, understand retail end-to-end sales and ensure price rigidity by means of Internet-enabling, one-size-fits-all, etc.
The first generation of 50 degrees recommends a retail price of $288 per bottle around "persistent," "optimal", "adjusted" and "sweeper" series of wines trying to win their dignity. Since the beginning of their term as Secretary of Light in 2017, the requirement of "three times" and the "three focuses" principle have been introduced to the five-food fluids and the series of wines.
In an effort to focus on self-employed brands, to focus on niche brands, to focus on medium- and high-value products, to make a strong national brand, to be a regional brand, and to be an excellent general distribution brand, 189 brands, or 2260 products, have been removed cumulatively. Sutao, the director-general of the firm, summarized the wine series in three words at the stockholders’ meeting: (1) insist, maintain strategic direction and do not go back.
Nor can you wear new shoes. The reform of the series has passed its most difficult year of 2019, and the next step is to ensure its high-quality development. (2) Optimize and optimize tactical actions, especially the return of the value of the series and the distribution of the channel value chain. The main brand is excellent, and the series is also scarce.
On the channel, after a bottle of one-yard data, it only subsidizes the kernel terminal, directs businesses to focus on building core terminals through cost-leveraging, promotes synergies and promotes marketing. (3) Adjustments, adjustments to internal appraisals. In addition to staff appointments that insist on using data to talk, companies in 2021 synchronized the appraisals and sales.
Increasing the average ton price of alcohol as an important indicator, leading marketing areas to gradually adjust brands and products to medium-high-value focus, to optimize the income structure, profit levels and profit margins of the herme series.
3.1 Strict control of pipeline stocks, encouraging the group to buy and sell, multiple shipments, stock control, and firm prices. In 2020, with the eighth-day-five listing and the construction of a new manufacturer's relationship, the five grain fluids succeeded in achieving a favourable price, but the price of the batches was delayed by a thousand dollars. In 2021, one of the company's important objectives was to approve the price.
Over a thousand. Since the second quarter, the drinking and water market has entered a mild season, and the five grain fluids have begun to control the price. According to feedback from sources, the five fluids are currently in a very small number of times with distributors, keeping their stock within a month and establishing a good foundation for the price. At the same time, the company encourages distributors to make out-of-plan payments at $999, and to promote the price of group purchases.
In the first half of the year, the price of the five batches rose by nearly $40, the mainstream market was close to $1,000, and the sub-market exceeded $1,000, which worked well.
In response to the epidemic, in 2020 the company introduced a marketing approach to “retail losses group buy-back” and formally started the deployment of the group purchase, which was only about 20% of the total annual share, and about 10% of the total. In 2021, the company further optimized the marketing of the group purchase, with headquarters establishing the group purchase department and the war zones.
In the past, under the regional system, it was more dependent on large-scale resources, and its own business team was far away from consumers and end-users, to the detriment of consumption.
In recent years, as the work of the 100 million shops in the city has progressed, the five grain fluids have been transformed to the end, and the group’s purchasing has also promoted the transfer of the company’s strengths, brands, and culture to consumers. The group’s buy-back rate has increased significantly, and continues to work in large businesses.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to work in large enterprises, with the secretary of the Chamber of Entrepreneurs of China and the head of the Shenzhen Club.
In 2021, a 30% share of corporate target acquisition sales was achieved, and the first half of the year was over. 4. Internal and external delays combined to increase the production of high-end liquor.
Tens of thousands of tons of finished wine, of which about 26 million tons were produced as food and fluids and 133,000 tons were produced as wines of the strong fragrant series. Since the cooking process of the five grains was put on the market after three years of storage, it was important to upgrade production capacity and build a pottery.
Initiating, an additional 120,000 tons of original wine production capacity is expected to be added during the 1450s, with a total capacity of 22-250 million tons. The five-food major project is now well under way, with 300,000 tons of pottery and an additional 80,000 tons of original wine storage capacity completed, contributing to an increase in the number of years of alcohol storage. The construction of the main building of the completed wine packaging and smart storage and distribution integration project has been completed.
Storage logistics and channel management for marketing purposes. Refinement of wine storage technology projects, brewing of special grains and the automation of mills are also well under way; and plans for upgrading of the Wine Design Centre, the Enterprise Technology Centre and the pre-plant area are fully under way.
Intragent wines increase the rate of merit and enhance technological innovation. The brewing process of the strong fragrance white wines is based on the extraction of wines, graded by quality, graded by grade, and priced by grade, according to Mr. Lai Goofy, "the age of the cellars determines their success rates. Within 20 years, the new cellars usually do not produce excellent wines, and between 20 and 50 years produce 5 to 10% of the best wines, and more than 50 years of service.
Between 20 and 30% of the best wines, and more than 100 years of the best in the cellars.” In addition to the expansion of production, improvements in company processes and management, and upgrading of staff skills, the company aims to upgrade three provincial engineering centres and wine testing centres to the national level during the “14th Five-Year” period.
More than 10%; workshop 501 is a well-breededed, albeit low-yielded, wine rate has risen from 50%-60% to 70%-80% to the right, which has contributed to the company's future well-known new cellars. We anticipate that by the end of the 14th Five, the company's brand name rate will be raised, and Zou Tao will be leading the fragrance series through the most difficult times, and he will be the managing director of the joint stock company since 2017.
Since the reform, Zoutao has been transferred from the government system to five grains of liquid, as the Managing Director of the stock company, and since July 2019 has also been the Chairman of the Liquor Series, which has reformed the wine series and significantly reduced the development bar code. Over the past two years, the reform of the fragrance series has been very effective, with four national brands re-listed and joined in the digital scavenging system.
At the June meeting of shareholders this year, at the 43-year-old Zoutao’s headlines were clear-minded and fast-tracked. We believe that after General Zoutao’s appointment to the post of Managing Director, he is capable of continuing to lead the five grains on the path of continuous improvement and high-quality development.
Liu Ming, a 35-year-old technician, became the head of the factory and was determined to reform the wine chain. After his appointment in 2017, the clerk of dawn came out of the car several times to discuss with the old brewer, who struggled to produce the wine, to learn about the production situation, to listen to advice and to plan for the optimization of the production leadership team, and then to adjust the position of the director of the seven major production workshops in order to focus on the reform of the brewing chain.
Liu Ming, who works in liquid workshops, took up the position of Minister of Production and is also the director of one of the largest brewery workshops in the country. This time, Liu Ming has been re-adjusted as Chief Food and Liquid Worker, highlighting the company’s bold re-use of technicians. We believe that 35 years of work experience is Liu Ming’s advantage, and that it will be better to promote the production of the five grains and liquids when the classic five-food products are replenished.
In 2021, the new coronary epidemic continued to occur, the international economic situation became more complex, and competition between the white industry and the white industry will intensify as the concentration of the white industry continues to increase, leading wine companies pay more attention to marketing, recruitment, and the construction of channels.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.