Five grain fluids (000858): a high-end white wine contest in the hot tide of sauce and wine on the 23rd of July 2021
Five grain fluids, five grain fluids, moats. In the last two years, the industry has expanded rapidly, there has been a more visible crowding of the 1,000-dollar band, and in the face of the competition for the wine, there's a way to break out of it and become a competition.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: new expectations of the market. As a fragrance tap, we believe that the five grains have their own advantages as a guardian of the river, from which they can expand their market share as the high-end white wine market expands.
The first is brand advantage, which is now the leading leader of high-end white wine, the top-end white-sale brand outside the hut, which has a wide influence; and the second is channel management, which has undergone several rounds of reform, has a strong channel management capacity, and has a good dealership relationship;
The third is the management advantage, which has been digitized since 2017 to enable wine mill to consumer fine management, while, in terms of staff motivation, it motivates employees through the employee holding scheme. The three-pronged breakthrough of the fragrant dragon head. In the long run, in the face of the competition for soy sauce, we think it's strong white wine.
There will also be breakthroughs in the capture of core consumers, balance of distributor profits, and competition for quality expression. Although there are three types of questions mentioned above in the competition for wine, we see that the F5 has taken note of these issues in the reform process and are gradually reforming or changing them.
Solutions, including the creation of strategic monoliths, the further optimization of the avenues for reform, which we believe to be positive in the right direction, the five grain fluids moving on high-end fast lanes, the ability to continue to gain market share, and the release of brand pressure under high-end strategies, covering the first time that they are given
Weixy@dxzq.net.cn is the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Five grain fluids (000858): High-end white wine competition under the hot tide of sauce and wine, High-end white wine competition under the hot tide, fast-growing wine and industry over the last two years, with a more visible crowding of prices, high fragrances in the face of competition for soy and wine.
In this round, on the one hand, the price of mahogany is directly responsible for the higher positioning of soy sauce, on the other hand, because of the intense competition of the strong fragrance, which prevents the full release of the branding of the strong fragrance heads, and creates a strong and fragrance of high-end wine and a thousand dollars of soy sauce that the price belts of the competition cannot be pulled off.
As the fragrance's dragonhead, we believe that the F5 has its own advantages as a guardian of the river, and that with the expansion of the high-end white market, the F5 has the power to expand its market share. First, as brand advantage, now as a leader of the high-end white wine, the F5 is the most powerful brand, except for the high-end white wine outside the matai, which has a wide-ranging influence; second, in the management of the channel, the F5 has undergone several rounds of reform, with stronger channels.
In the long run, in the face of competition for soy sauce, we believe that strong white wine must also be taken by core consumers, balanced with the profits of distributors, in terms of staff motivation.
There are three kinds of breakthroughs in the competition for quality. While there are the three types of problems mentioned above in the competition for wine, we see that the five grains have been brought to the attention of the reform and have been gradually reforming or resolving them, including the creation of strategic monoliths, a step-by-step optimisation of reforms, which we believe to be in the positive direction, with the five grains running on high-end fast lanes.
2. Behind the hot sauce, the overall development of the soy sauce industry was slower and the market was smaller before 2010, and after 2010 the soy sauce industry went through two major rounds of development, on the one hand the rapid growth of the soy sauce industry itself and, on the other hand, the attraction of significant capital.
The first major development of the soy sauce was in 2010-2012, three years of high light. After the Powder price exceeded the Powder fluid in 2008, the gap in income size began to narrow, and by 2013 the Powder income began to outpace the Powder fluid and become a leader in the market. Another leader in the soy sauce industry sold $10.3 billion in 2011 in the White Liquor Club.
According to the Margarita studio, in 2012 the production of soy sauce was about 400,000 litres, or 3.5 per cent of the total production of white wine in China; the total industrial output was about 50 billion yuan, or 12 per cent of the sales earnings of white wine in China; the total profit was 18 billion dollars, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period, and about 1 per cent of the sales revenues of the industry: the soy sauce industry.
During this period, rapid growth in demand led to an inflow of industrial capital, an inflow of external capital led to the development of the soybean district, and a batch of soybean businesses in Guizhou. In June 2011, a major expansion plan was announced.
In August 2011, Tianxi announced an additional investment of 3 billion dollars in the state liquor industry, which is planned to reach thousands of litres within five years. In 2013, the Wakha Group announced that 15 billion dollars had been spent to build a brand of sauce and wine, the lead country. In this same phase, the Yunmen wine industry in Shandong County began to make sauce and wine production in the northern region.
Since 2013, the white wine industry has entered a period of deep adjustment. The second boom in the soy sauce industry began in 2015. With the recovery of market demand and the recovery of the soy sauce-type white wine, the price has begun to rise steadily, from $800 to $3,000.
Growth to 97.99 billion yuan in 2020. In 2018 and 2019, net profits increased by about 134 per cent and 240 per cent, respectively, while in the same period, the national liquor industry grew by 105 per cent and 60 per cent, respectively.
Figure 2: High-end white wine competition under the high tide of ginseng.
To benefit from the collection and investment needs, the demand for soy sauce has erupted, unlike during the last round of soy sauce booms, with capital in addition to industry, a large number of soy sauce businesses starting to set up a sauce track, and other wine businesses entering in 2017, and being a heavyweight industry force, including early in the year, the acquisition of the matai wine factory, and the acquisition of precious wine by the ocean river. At the same time, the main soy business is starting to expand.
In 2020, the Chinese wine industry achieved production capacity of about 600,000 litres, or about 8 per cent of the Chinese wine industry ' s production capacity of 7.4 million litres; the industry generated revenue of about 155 billion yuan, or about 26 per cent of the Chinese wine industry ' s sales of 583.6 billion yuan; and the industry ' s sales earnings were realized.
By 2020, a large number of markets in the country had seen soy sauce flips, with a rough estimate of the volume of wine circulation in Henan market exceeding 20 billion yuan, and overdrawling the fragrance into the first colour of white wine consumption. In Guangdong's 26 billion-dollar white wine market, sales of soy sauce amounted to 12.6 billion yuan, or more.
In addition, there has been a significant increase in the share of the market for sauna in Shandong, Guangxi, Fujian, and others. East’s financial and intellectual booming source, five grains of fluid (000858): high-end white wine competition under the hot tide of sauna.
According to the currently published plan for the production of soy sauce, the market is expected to break out of $260 billion over the next five years. The share of soy sauce in the industry will rise further by more than 30 per cent. According to the plan, the market will break out of 400 billion dollars over the next 10 years, when the share of soy sauce and non-sake wine will reach 5:5.
At a price of 2.2 grand, with a face-to-face competition, under the influence of the Mautai brand, the soybean company focused its propaganda on the pamphlet, the overall high position, and the direct competition with the high-end white wine, which is in the form of three brands, the five-grain fluids, and the cellar, 1573, in the form of high-end white.
Three tickets to the wine, and some sub-high brands with strategic high-end product layout (e.g., Aquabia, Yogi Dream 9 and Handicrafts, Liquor, Flowers, Inner Winners, etc.) The source of financial prosperity in the East.
The market is now divided into four price bands, the 2000+ price belt is dominated by the kowtow, and the kowtow belt is the main location for the many soy brands. At the kowtow, except for the kowtow, the kowtow has cut the largest share; the Liquor Industry has become independent and the goods will follow; the main sauce is 15 years, 15 years of the National Platform, 30-year-old, some of the high-end products of the fishing table, 30-year-old cave deposits in Dan Springs, etc.
In the high-end fragrance and salivated wine market, with a thousand dollar price with brand lifelines, the dressing of the wine has now been cut to the core of the five grain fluids, the national cellar, to face-to-face competition with the high-end wine of the fragrance type.
Crucially, the market for high-end white wine (more than 1,000 yuan) is currently around $150 billion, with industry accounting for around 25%. The stock of soy sauce in the high-end market is about 110 billion dollars, and the market will grow further in the future as the capacity of the high-end wine market expands.
Eung Heung's securities depth report (000858): High-end white wine competition under the hot tide of soy sauce.
Behind the development of soy sauce, we believe that there are several reasons for this: first, because of the scarcity and unique taste of soy sauce, which has increased both the acceptance and consumption; secondly, because the price of soy sauce has been rising in recent years, opening up the price of other soy sauce; thirdly, because at the end of the channel, the profit margin of the vendor and the incentive of the distributor to promote it; and fourthly, because the soybean business has been expanding in recent years.
The expansion of production capacity, as well as the introduction of a large number of fragrance-type white wines, has also led to the overall development of the soy sauce industry, such as the rapid release of “v9” Qingyya in recent years, the rapid increase in revenue from the old white wines under the banner of “Wau” in the last two years, the expected construction of the “Sunnam Spring” wine products by the gold insignia, and the proposed investment of $240 million in the Hainamco Island and the confused wine industry to co-finance the Guizhou Inn Huaiyo Island Chau industry Ltd.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Five grain fluids (000858): High-end white wine competitions in the hot tide of gin, but now we think there are problems in the industry as well, because the soybean industry used to give way to the channels by giving the distributor high profits, but it also caused the price of the channels, management problems, and so on. 2 soy brands are weak, if they need to be more widely recognized.
There is still a need for market breeding. 3 is that the production of soy sauce is concentrated on both sides of the river, resulting in the production of soy sauce being more limited to the ecology of the river’s riverine, which has previously been measured as having a capacity of about 800,000 tons of soy sauce. In terms of current production, soy sauce is still in a state of supply and demand-depriveding, resulting in the neglect of wine quality by a number of small alcohol producers, which is damaging to consumers.
Faced with these problems, we believe that the wine industry will also experience a wave of shuffle in the future, which will make it more stable. In this round of shuffle, businesses that are able to take advantage of the trends of the times and have excellent managerial capabilities will eventually win.
Although the growth of soy sauce has had a greater impact on the high-end white market in recent years, where the market is more likely to hold the high-end white wine market in competition, we believe that the five-food fluid has its own advantages as a strong protector of the city's rivers, and that with the expansion of the high-end white wine market, the five-food fluids have the potential to take over the high-end white wine market.
First of all, as a leader in high-end white wine, the five grains are the most powerful brands in high-end white wine sales outside the hut, and the brands and quality have had a wide influence. With branding, the five grains have become more powerful and the product has become more structured in recent years; and secondly, they are more structured.
In channel management, soy sauce is now more dependent on giving high Maori space to distributors, on distributors for their own promotion, and the market is generally more rough, while the five grain fluids have undergone several rounds of reform, have a stronger channel management capacity and good distribution relationships, have a more resilient and sticky channel; and, thirdly, they have a managerial advantage, since 2017, have been digitized and have been able to fine-tune the wine factory to the consumer.
These advantages are the core competitiveness of the five grains competition, behind which we see more of the company’s core values under the influence of the F5 brand.
According to China 500's top-value brand, the value of the Pow is 46.9% higher than the value of the Powder brand in 2013. Since 2013, the value of the Powder brand has been lower than the value of the Pow table, and the value of the Pow table has grown at a similar rate to that of the Pow table in 2020.
28,55.23/28,374 million yuan. In 2020, China ' s 500 most valuable brands ranked 19 in the food and beverage industry, second place, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Table 8: Brand prizes awarded since 2017, 3.1.2 product layouts are clear and high-end product structures are moving upwards.
Product combing is clear and high-end products open up price space. In the 1990s, in an effort to increase productivity, stimulate marketing, creatively, the Oem model was introduced, and the Oem series of products, such as Gold Six and Five Food Springs, were put up to make a huge profit at the time. But as the size of the Oem model grew, the flaws of the Oem model gradually became apparent, and a large number of branding products led to loss of brand power and difficulties in managing it.
In 2017, the five grain fluids resolved to clean up standard stickers, resolve historical legacies and cut off historical stickers. The company focused on the branding strategy of the main brand, “1+3”, and the branding strategy of the series, “4+4”, highlighting the branding influence of the dominant product, clearing the frame and stopping the sale of the series, such as “ww”, “Francule East”, etc.
Table 9: Since 2017, the brand has been cleared, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, after cleaning up the series of wines, the five series follows "Focus to medium- and high-priced products, Focus to self-employed brands, Focus to core brands."
The principles, which focus on the development of national strategic monoliths and regional priority products, form a series of four plus four brands. The series of four plus four brands, namely, five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food caps, four large national monoliths, and four regional monoliths.
In 2020, the three original series of wine marketing companies were integrated into one, a series of wine products as an important aspect of the five-food fluids, a series of wine products market that is becoming more competitive, and an effort to create a series of wine monolithics, a core-based market and a priority market.
According to the company's plan, five years will be spent trying to create a top-down brand of 10 billion yuan and a "first brand of wine" and 5 billion yen and a "first brand of medium-priced alcohol" and a "first-brand" brand of 5 billion yen and 5 billion yen and a special tune of 5 billion yen and 2 billion yen and a "first-brand" brand.
Table 10: Five Foods and fluids branding plan, Eastern financial and intellectual sources, East Hing Securities In-depth Report
Five grain fluids (000858): High-end white wine competitions in the hot tide of gins, while the five grain fluids are moving up the product structure of high-end wine products. In 2019, the company launched a strategy to locate super-high-end 501,500 grain fluids, which is designed as a "high-end five-food fluid" strategy.
In 2020, the five-food fluids were officially released as "501-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
Figure 7: Main brand product matrix 3.2 channels actively explored to create a core competitive advantage
The start of the “Manufacturing shops in the hundreds of cities” project continues to sink, optimize the channel structure, and achieves a transition to end marketing. The company then introduced a “control board profit” model, distributors, terminals, consumers, and profit-sharing among distributors at all levels according to the pattern.
With the implementation of the control board-sharing policy, the problem of inter-regional collusive stocks has been solved.
Figure 8: Figure 9: Figure 9: Figure 9: Presentation of Digital Channels for Distribution since last year, the company began to focus on the acquisition channels, the company established the Enterprise, which is expected to become the five channels this year.
As a result of last year’s efforts, the group purchasing ratio was close to 20%, and in 2021 the company further increased its group purchasing, taking the lead in the Chengdu market, to reduce the number of platform dealers and convert them into group purchasing agents. At the same time, the group purchasing ratio is expected to increase, and in the new retail sector, it is expected to increase the distribution of the five grains, which was registered in May 2020 and officially settled in July.
In addition to using the Internet as a tool for consumer operations, the new retail company will take on the role of supplier on the five grain lines.
P5 online sources will be brought together with the new retail company, which will strengthen the control of the channel and reduce the power vendor platform's 3.3 fine management advantage over batches.
In recent years, the five grains have been improving management efficiency through digitized reforms, strengthening channel management capacity. (1) The company has been on a digital reform path since 2017, working with ibm to build digital platforms in 2017, the digital logistics platform in 2018, and the full-source digital marketing decision-making platform in 2019, creating a marketing system that is “consumer-driven, platform-operated and digitally supported”.
Eastern source of wealth and wisdom, five grains of liquid (000858): competition for high-end white wine in the hot tide of soy sauce, through digitalization systems, five grain producers, dealers at all levels, terminals, consumer scavengers, sales by distributors, stock holdings, sales
Prices and distribution areas are systematically monitored, and the five grain fluids are used to provide a quick sense of the market situation. (2) By implementing a control-distribution policy, the five grain fluids use information-based means to improve control over distributors and products and to effectively address regulatory gaps in competition among former dealers.
Information on the sale of products is available at one time, and the company’s control and coordination of distributors has improved. Beginning in 2019, the five grain fluids began to push for a flattening of channels, and the company reformed the sector centre system as a marketing battle zone, with a provincial division base, transforming the former seven regional marketing centres into 21 marketing zones, thereby moving the company’s marketing function from a large area to a provincial level, closer to the provincial level.
In response to the company’s early failures in related marketing policies, the company increased its efforts to build a marketing workforce that matched changes in marketing organizations and increased the strength of the marketing enforcement team. In April 2019, the company sought to recruit national marketing personnel, including marketing district operators. In terms of incentives, the company explored sustainable medium- and long-term incentives, and, in the context of pay reform, set reasonable performance indicators, fully stimulated it.
On 19 April 2021, the regular lock-down expired and the employee holding scheme received 11 times the return on its investments.
4. Vision 4. How high-end wine can break through the core of 4.1 consumers.
The sales model of white wine has undergone a number of changes, whether from traditional modes of underwriting to subsequent deep distribution, medium distribution (semi-deep distribution) and direct distribution patterns, and we believe that changes in the sales model of white wine are essentially the result of changes in consumer behaviour, and that changes in sales patterns are most fundamental to core consumer capture. In the development of high-end liquor, we think it is of the utmost importance to the core.
For core consumers, first-line wines have been explored for a long time, such as the Pow-paint festival in the huts, the cellars in the cellars of Liangzhou, the “dreams” in the rivers of the ocean, etc., are all developing and educating core consumers. Five grain fluids have been digitized to initiate bottle-opening red.
In addition, the shift in marketing focus from the past year to group purchasing, which we consider to be a very important reform, is an important initiative to capture core consumers in the course of changing consumer consumption patterns. High-end white wine, in consumer education and consumer guidance, is still more dependent on opinion leaders and channels.
The rise in the share of new retail sales and the changes in the culture of alcohol consumption among young people require a new perspective and new patterns of consumption.
Eung Heung's securities depth report, five grain fluids (000858): High-end white wine competition at the hot tide needs to balance the profit chain of the distributor 4.2.
One very important reason for this trend is that there are small and medium brands of wine that, because of their recent roll-out and the lack of transparency in the prices of their channels, are highly profitable and have sufficient power to replenish them. According to the rum collection, in 2019, the average sales price for high-end white wine (Cyanflowers) was 129.14 million yuan, or about $645 per bottle.
A sum of 960 yuan for a retail price of 1299 yuan for a rough calculation of the dealer ' s profit rate of 48.8 per cent and a final profit rate of 35.3 per cent, according to the State offer statement, was 426.8 million yuan per ton for high-end products (500/500ml) in 2019, approximately 213/500ml for a factory price, currently 320-330/500ml for a national bid, and $549/500ml for a retail terminal price, which was calculated in rough terms.
The profit margin was 54.9 per cent, and the end profit rate was 66.3 per cent, and the channel Māori could be even higher in a number of small wine mills.
We believe that there are several stages to an industry’s development: product push-channel push-brand promotion, and soy sauce development is now in its first and second stages, i.e., the promotion of product sales through the provision of high-morigin channels. And fragrances and white wines have evolved into the third phase, where imbalances in the development phase have led to a wide gap between the profits associated with the channel and the profits associated with the sauce.
In contrast to the large size of the fragrance, which is now generally ignored, the balance of profit from the channel is the key to future development. 4.3 Qualitative expressions of competition, in terms of product properties, are much more intense and easily sticky to consumption once the consumer adjusts to the taste.
At the same time, other soybean companies have also promoted the labels, such as one of China’s two main types of soy sauce and white wine, and the other one in Maody Town, one of the two soybean brands, in order to create a high-quality position through marketing.
East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and five grains of fluid (000858): the competition for high-end white wine in the hot tide of soy sauce is the greatest competition between the strong and the soy sauce, the highest competition for quality. In contrast to the soy sauce, the silos are old, the high-end wine is low, and the year wine is the advantage of the fragrance.
These advantages need to be promoted, educated, and promoted by strong conglomerates. For the core consumer groups, it is the scarcity and high-end of strong fragrance that is fundamental to taking over the highlands of public opinion.
Although there are three types of problems mentioned above in the competition for wine, we see that the five grains have been brought to the attention of the reform and are gradually being reformed or resolved, including the creation of strategic monoliths, the further optimization of the channels, etc., which we believe are in the positive direction, and the five grains are on high-end fast lanes.
(1) Strategic high-end product roll-out, high-product overall price system, in September last year, the company strategically launched the high-end product classic five-food fluid, which further enriches its own high-end product line, and will be a representative of the 10 billion-grade high-end product. In May this year, the company completed a summary of its work on the marketing of the classic five-food fluids and on the pilot phase, which was launched in early June.
After a special meeting to complete the layout and organization of the future of the classic five-food fluids, it is expected that the classic five-food fluids will perform better throughout the year. After last year’s launch of the super-high-end products “501-five-food liquid tank brewing” and “501-five-food liquid tank brewing,” the company expects that the product will become a multi-billion-dollar medium of performance contributions in the future.
Since the beginning of the year, the company has been able to boost the price by monitoring the dealer's inventory, controlling the quantity and increasing the share of the group's purchases.
As a result, batch prices have gradually risen from $930 at the beginning of the year to close to $1,000, with some regions accounting for even a thousand bit of the price. On the one hand, the price increases, and on the other hand, improves the profitability of the channel and the overall competitiveness of the product.
(c) The marketing system has been reformed, with a focus on the core population, with 20% coverage for large enterprises. The number of repurchases has increased significantly in the last year, with the company’s 6,000 direct services, which, according to figures, have reached 90% this year.
At the same time, the company started piloting in Chengdu this year, reducing the number of dealers, retaining only a few as a distribution platform, turning most of the distributors into group buyers, and strengthening the power of group purchasing channels. The Chengdu pilot has now been launched, followed by a major market in the country, and group purchasing will be a marketing reform.
The importance of marketing in the core circle is heightened by the frequency with which people drink again and again.
The structure of the five-food liquid products has been continuously improving, the classic five-food fluids are expected to reach 10 billion in size over the next three years, the core five-food liquid products have steadily increased their wholesale prices and have achieved better results with two years of reform, and are expected to be released gradually this year, with a future volume of $20 billion. Consider the company’s ability to continue to gain market shares in high-end wine lanes, and the release of brand-based tension under high-end strategies, taking into account the industry’s leadership and leadership.
There have been major macroeconomic fluctuations and more frequent outbreaks. Industry competition has intensified, corporate management has not been as well managed as expected.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (000858): High-end white wine competition in the hot tide of gin, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, five grains of liquid (000858): high-end white wine competition under the hot tide of sauce and wine, Monsso.
Wang Jie Ting, Taste and Leisure Foods.
If you have not done so in the past, you will not do so in the future, either directly or indirectly in connection with the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.