Five grains of liquid (000858) food and drink, and a second start of business, and a new start for the King of Fragrance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: 1; high-end wine track is excellent, with more robust demand, more rational manufacturers and channels, greater certainty and continuity of high-end alcohol expansion, with a compound rate of 15 per cent or more over the next three years; the current high price of mahogany is low and the company, as a thousand dollar price, will maximize the benefits of high-end alcohol expansion.
In the next two years, the company has grown at a combined rate of about 18 per cent.
Prices rise; in the long run, companies plan rationally and operate reasonably well, and new growth dynamics such as digitization, high-endization, and canals are emerging, allowing for long-term high-quality development with the continuous release of the reform dividend. • High-end wine lanes are excellent, with a robust increase in volume. * In the context of industry-stressed growth, shares will grow.
In addition, with economic growth, rising residential income, and the growth of wealthy groups, the demand for white wine has grown more robustly.
In the context of Zhang, the company, as the absolute leader of a thousand dollar price belt, has sufficient space to operate at a volume price, and is the biggest beneficiary of the inadequate supply of the khokims, and is expected to enjoy the full benefits of the high-end alcohol expansion dividend.
In the 1990s, the Chinese Liquor Industry King, who has a well-deserved image of high-end wine, became the most promising producer in the industry.2 The company has the most forward-looking distribution of the industry, and now produces more than 200,000 tons of pure-food, solid white wine, which has gradually matured in the 1990s, leading to a huge expansion of the main cellar pool, which is of good quality.
Two-time entrepreneurship revolutions and a renewed value. The challenge of promoting secondary entrepreneurship and long-term contract development since the new handsome came into office was effectively addressed, and the reform dividend continued to be released.
The main brand focuses on the "1+3" product series, with a smooth upgrade of the 8th Dip Five, super-high-end classic five-food fluids, with smooth layout and good feedback, branding on new heights; the series focuses on four large nationalized singles, fine, and thousands of low-end skus.
Channel control; increased small business acquisition, demand and channel structure continued to optimize; low-season batch prices steadily increased, channel profits increased significantly, and business relations became more harmonious. Looking at the future: 14-fifth high-quality development, ample space for price enhancement, and good-willing; super-high, digital, group purchasing channels increased.
The five grain fluids have benefited fully from the high-end alcohol expansion and the high-priced and low-priced bottled wine, with sufficient space to operate on a full-cost basis, are a combination of five grain fluids (000858): ultra-high-end and group purchase over-expected.
1) Benefiting from the rapid expansion of the 1,000-dollar price belt and the lack of high liquor prices, sufficient space to operate high-end five-food liquid volume prices, estimated 2) a steady recovery in consumer confidence and consumption scenes in 2021, a smooth consolidation of the bottled series and a steady increase in volume under the lower base line 3) has a significant scale effect, with continuous improvements in management and marketing efficiency and a marginal reduction in cost rates.
Our view is different from that of the market, which believes that the current hotness of the soy sauce is increasing, that the future market share of the sofa will be clearly squeezed, and that the knapsacks, 15 years on the national stage, the gold sand summaries, etc., are positioned to increase the price of the knapsacks faster and compete directly at the price of the five grains.
We recognize the market’s judgment about the continued fermentation of the sauce fever, the 1000-dollar wine club, 15-year-olds on the national platform, and the front-loading of the grain, but we believe that the sauce will be dominated by sub-high prices over the next three to five years, with relatively high-end alcohol shocks.
In the context of the dominant market for incremental quantities, competition between high-end alcohol is still relatively benign; (2) it is worth noting that steady high-end and high-volume use require a broad and far-reaching brand influence, with the rest of the wine except for the mausoleum, whether branded or historically deposited, far less than the five grain fluids, making it difficult in the short term to pose a real challenge to the five grain fluids; (3) history shows that the five grain fluids are the most competitive against the five grains.
Since 2018, against the backdrop of a significant slowdown in the volume of the market, the bulk price and sales of the five grains have been impressive and are the largest beneficiaries of the spillover of the demand for the three. This trend is expected to continue in the future, with the steady release of the five grains reform dividend and the ability to achieve long-term robust growth.
1) Large single item P5 prices: 2) P5 prices have stabilized at over $1,000: 3) super-high-end classic five-food fluid sales are overexpected. 1 wine gene has always been the same, 2nd business sails is a famous high-end wine brand from the middle and south, and is a typical representative of our strong white wine, a company with a long history.
In the 1980’s, companies implemented the right strategies of management efficiency, expansion of production capacity, determined price increases, and channel innovation.
Reforms, such as alcohol tagging patterns and dependence on large businesses that cause confusion in product lines and weak control over channels, are slow to lose the industry’s leadership. In 2017, the new lookout opened a new “second-starter” journey, companies undertook radical reforms in institutional mechanisms, products, channels, etc., and in recent years there has been a sound of profound change, and a general trend toward good governance has been established.
1.1 State-owned holdings, with a strong management interest in the company being a State-owned holding enterprise, the equity structure is stable, and the PNC indirectly holds 49.35% of its own shares through the EBD Holdings Group Ltd., and is the actual controller of the company.
Of this total, 1.75 million shares were subscribed to by management and 2,194,000 by the rest of the staff, with strong and long-term momentum from senior management teams and business cadres.
The leadership team moved forward with radical reforms. In 2017, LEE Liao, who was the secretary and chairman of the group ' s party committee, became the new leader of the group. President LEE Liao Guang, who has served on the Sichuan SILCC for many years, had a unique perspective and perspective on strategic planning and macro-policies for enterprise development.
Several senior managers, such as Chin, Zoutao and Chiang Wenger, have been re-established, the management team has become more young, and the new management team has brought new ideas and perspectives to the company, laying the foundation for sustained and deep change.
Main camp operating structure: The company ' s main business consists of high-end five-food fluids, wine series and others, with a revenue ratio of 77 per cent, 15 per cent, and 8 per cent in 2020. The main five-food brands include high-end liquor such as Pu V, classic five-food fluids, 1618 and low-grade five-food fluids, benefiting from the upgrading of consumption and the release of reform dividends, and a steady increase in the volume of five-food liquid products, which is a central driver of the company ' s future growth.
In terms of regional distribution, East, South, West, North, Central accounted for 27%, 11%, 35%, 11%, and 16% respectively, with the largest east and west growing at 30% and 21%, respectively, in 2020.
Performance: The “restriction of three public consumption” and “corruption” policies that began in 2012 have had a significant impact on the consumption of white wine, with companies moving into three years of deep adjustment and low revenue and profit performance. With the rise of public consumption and the refilling of stock, companies are collecting annual corporate revenues at a rate of 23.6 per cent: at the profit end, benefiting from structural optimization and direct price increases, the net return to the mother is compounded over the same period.
A 30.9 per cent increase in profits was significantly faster than the increase in revenue and a steady increase in profitability. With the epidemic under effective control, demand for and confidence in food consumption recovered steadily, with 2021q1 returns equal to +20 per cent, net profit returns equal to +21 per cent, continuing high-quality profitability: benefiting from product structural upgrading and direct price increases, the company ' s Māori ratio rose from 69.2 per cent in 2015.
Step-by-step increases. In terms of cost rates, a reduction in return through a strong brand build-up plus five, and a decrease in the cost of company sales from 20.5 per cent in 2014 to 7.1 per cent of 2021q1, coupled with a large-scale increase in the size of the company, the rise in net interest rates has led to a steady upturn in net interest rates on corporate equity and a sharp increase in the value of long-term investments.
2 upgrades and splits into the main melody, with a strong and strong white man standing on 2.1, with a crowded growth of 2.1.1 and a rise in residential brands and health consciousness.
During this period, revenues and profits were maintained at a high rate of double-digit growth, with industry growth driven by high incomes and rising public consumption due to “restriction of three public consumption” and “anti-corruption” pressure growth evident in 2013-2015; at the profit end, benefits from product structure upgrades and direct price increases for white wine, industry profits grew at a significantly higher rate than the recovery rate and profitability continued.
The white wine industry, after a decade of gold 2002-2012, was able to expand rapidly and, in the context of the rapid rise of brands and health awareness, “less alcohol, good wine” became a common sense of society, accompanied by “restriction of consumption by the three publics”, “anti-corruption” and “scramble driving” and more rational consumption, with more white wine than white wine.
The volume of sales fell to the highest level, with more than 7.41 million tons of white wine (comparable caliber) produced in 2020, compared to 2.5%. The number of white wine businesses of more than size fell from 1563 in 2015 to 1,040 in 2020, the industry has been transformed into a stock market, intra-industry competition dominated and competition has intensified.
2.1.2 Benefiting from rising consumption, robust growth in demand for white wine, weakening cycles Growth, rising income-led consumption capacity of the population, and a significant acceleration in consumption escalation Meanwhile, since the recovery of white wine in 2016, popular consumption has emerged as a central driver of industrial development, with 65 per cent of the population currently consuming compared to 65 per cent of politics
The country’s urbanization rate has risen steadily over the last decade, reaching 63.9% in 2020, but is much higher than the average rate of more than 80% in Europe and America.
In addition, as the economy moves towards high-quality development, the share of the tertiary sector has risen steadily, with more high-income jobs emerging, driving the growth of middle- and upper-class production, which is expected to rise considerably in 2022 compared to 2012. With high-quality economic development, rich people have diversified their structure.
After two stress tests during the mid-2018 American trade war and the 2020 outbreak, the growth of the famous white wine has been restored faster and has become more pronounced upwards. The demand and demand have grown at both ends, and there has been a marked weakening of the famous wine cycle.
Smaller, medium-sized, wealthy, and more robust in terms of demand. At the end of the supply: 1) factory: currently big liquor companies have increased control over the channel, ensuring its soundness through the use of digital scavenging systems, increasing the number of terminal handlers, and through measures such as quota-based precision delivery. 2) dealer: now the overall demand for white wine is on the whole.
Rational, it is no longer realistic for distributors to rely on hoarding for their profits, so that there is no incentive for large-scale hoarding. Under the combined power of supply and demand, the leverage of past channels has weakened and the cycle of wine has been significantly weakened.
In this context, the dominance of brands and channels has become more apparent, with markets rising from 20% to 62% in the year to 44% and 81% in 2020. Especially since 2017, consumption has increased.
In the context of a marked acceleration, the share of the company listed has risen rapidly, and the share of the company listed continues to be low, and there is much room for improvement in the future. In 2020, the market was only 12.7% (the main reason for the elimination was that it produced more low-end wine and sold more than 40% of the liquor on the market.
After that, it is better to reflect the trend in sales and ton prices) and the sales of wine remain low and there is scope for future upgrades; the sales of wine on the market (excluding spontane) rose from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 1055,000 tons in 2019, with an average annual compound increase of only 3.4 per cent and 938,000 tons in 2020 as a result of the impact of the epidemic; at the same time, it benefited directly from the sale of alcohol on the market.
In response to price increases and product structural upgrades, the average tonnage rose steadily from $108,000/t in 2015 to 258,000/t in 2020, with an excellent high-end liquor track, with a higher share being a long-term process 2.2.1 high-end alcohol growth and a higher share being a long-term process
With China’s rapid economic growth and the rapid growth of high-income groups, consumption has escalated, and high-end alcohol, which occupies the top of the white wine consumption pyramid, has benefited fully from consumption upgrading and concentration. Apart from the three-year depth adjustment period, the overall upward trend in high-end alcohol revenues and batch prices is clear.
Beyond the three-year period of deep adjustment, the overall volume of high-end liquor sales has remained positive for the rest of the year 2015-2020, with a significant increase in the prices of Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, gallons, and factories, and a clear trend towards a steady increase in the volume price.
Ten thousand people, or 44.3% more than the cumulative increase in 2018; at the same time, the growing middle class has become a long-end consumer of high-end alcohol. From the point of view of purchasing power, the overall upward trend in real purchasing power in the last 10 or 20 years has been clear, with a strong 1,000-dollar price-plus base.
High-end liquor sales are low, and the share increases are a long-term process. Since the full recovery of the white wine industry in 2016, consumption has risen rapidly, driving the share of high-end alcohol, rising from 9.3 per cent in 2016 to 22.1 per cent in 2019. In terms of sales, high-end alcohol sales have risen from 0.3 per cent in 2016 to 1.0 per cent in 2020; although high-end liquor sales have been faster.
Rapidly rising, but currently accounting for only 1% of sales across the industry, there is still much room for improvement. High-end alcohol is the ultimate way to increase the consumption of white wine. It represents a great taste and spiritual enjoyment. On the basis of the gradual social consensus of “less alcohol and good wine”, more than 7 million tons of sales across the industry provide a large number of basic consumers, with a steady increase in the share of high-end alcohol.
Figure 26: High-end alcohol revenue and city coverage since 2006 Figure 27: High-end alcohol sales and market coverage since 2006 High-end brand barriers and clear patterns of competition
High-end barriers to alcohol are extremely high, and strong brand endorsements are indispensable. The old cellars of Mao Dai, Suzhou and Kuozhou have been known as China on many occasions, and have historically led to the growth of the white wine industry, with branding and consumer awareness, which is a mature brand for the high-end dichotomy.
The difficulty of gaining a market share of about 7%, standing up high and achieving a level of release can be seen in the fact that, after 20 years of continuous resource pouring-in, it is difficult to obtain a market share. Under the steady expansion of high-end wine, the rejuvenation 30th edition, which features brand power and differentiated products, the Qinghuaro, the Inner Intoxicants, etc., are also borrowed for high-end power and have grown rapidly in recent years, but it is still very small and not enough.
High-end alcohol barriers are extremely high, and competition patterns are most clear, with three of the top, five grain fluids, and the cellars accounting for 95% of the market share. The cost of sales can be used as a measure of the extent to which the firm is competitive.
In contrast to the high-valued brand influence, the steady decline in sales rates in recent years and the clear-cut trend of strong, sub-high-end sales, which represent a high rate of alcohol sales, are becoming more competitive. Price-based competition is best, and performance is the strongest.
In terms of consumption attributes, high-end alcohol consumers are strong, brand loyalty, demand is more robust, and 2020h1 high-end alcohol yields and profits perform significantly better than lower-end and regional poles. In terms of competitive patterns, high-end alcohol competes as price-first, even if the 2020 shock led to increased performance pressure, the five grain fluids and the state cellars both chose a good way to control good prices.
In terms of market position, high-end alcohol can be squeezed down to sub-end and real estate wine to slow down 2.3 medium-end alcohol expansion, low-end alcohol pressure is evident, medium-end white alcohol expansion is limited and shares are concentrated at an accelerated rate. On the one hand, in terms of rising consumption, some medium-end white wine is consumed.
The cost will rise to the lower end of the price spectrum: on the other hand, the middle end of the white wine will also absorb an increase in consumption from less than $100, which together will determine the growth of the middle end of the white wine. As more provinces move the main price of the white wine to between $150 and $300, overall the middle end of the white wine price will continue to increase slowly, with relatively limited room for expansion.
In the context of increased competition in the industry, real estate liquor taps and national wines will build on brand and channel dominance to accelerate their share of the market for small and medium-sized alcohol.
Mid-end upgrade to sub-high end i concentrate on brand light bottle and brand + excellent channel
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Low-end alcohol sales are shrinking, and quality light bottles are gaining ground. With the rapid improvement in the quality of the population and the gradual decline in alcohol consumption, rationality, low-end alcohol production and sales, the production of alcohol above our size has declined from more than 13 million tons in 2016 to more than 7 million tons in 2020, especially the low-quality liquid white wine sales, which have been dumped by consumers.
In contrast, the light bottle has shown a regressive growth, with low-end alcohol consumption now moving towards quality, branding, and photo-containerization, with forward-looking production and layout, and a strong liquor company.
The price of white wine has been steadily moving up in all stages, driven by rising consumption. The high end is robust, with no expected small increase in the external medium level of alcohol and limited overall expansion; the low end level of alcohol has fallen and market capacity has contracted.
3.1 Inherited advantage: brands and production power are highly superior, with 3.1.1 wines deeply rooted, high-quality alcohol images deeply embedded in the hearts and minds of people, and a long history of food culture for the millennia. Five grains have a long history, dating back to Tang Dynasty's "Gang Bea".
Spring wines: Up to Song Dynasty, Yao's private sector uses five types of food brewing, and the Man Yus calls it "Yao's Snowflake", and the Great Wen Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho's Court evaluates it as "Acquainted, thick, thick, uncircumcised, uncircumcised" ; to Ming Dynasty, the "Winde Fung" and "Long Hae-Wing" pits of Ie-Bing followed the method of "Yao's Snow making" with five types of food brewings.
The Chen recipe, which perfected the taste of the "breathing wine": by 1909, it was changed to "the five grains of the essence" as the five grains. History passed over a thousand years, and the bottom was so deep and so new.
The company was unable to run during the First National Wine Review Conference in 1952 because it was in a state of reformation. At the Second National Wine Review Conference in 1963, the five grains were breathtaking, ranked first among the eight most famous wines, and the reputation of the "five grains" spread across the south and south of the River at one time.
Since the liberalization of the price of famous wine in 1988, the five grains have been carried out with the correct strategy of increasing production, raising prices firmly, and creating channels for innovation, overtaking other old wines in collection, prices, taking on the throne of the king of white wine, and winning numerous honours with outstanding qualities and strong combined strength.
Table 5: In the history of the five grain fluids, the price of the five grain fluids has been the preponderant price increase, and the high quality of the wine is the most competitive and the price is the most intuitive expression of the brand. At the beginning of the country’s liberalization of the price of the five grains in 1988, the price of the wine was sold among the country’s most famous wines.
At a moderate level, at a time of external shocks to the demand of the industry in 1989 and 1998, the five-food fluids, through reverse price hikes and firm price stabilizations, rose to the top of the world ' s brands at the end of the 1990s, gaining brand power and high-end branding, and gaining the industry ' s price-fixing and high-end brand image.
Lead price hikes: since the liberalization of the price of famous wine in 1988, the market price of the famous wine, represented by the pup, five grain fluids \triangleright, has been rising all the way, and since 1989, the country has been experiencing obvious inflation in the country.
At the macro level, tight monetary policy has been implemented, and public money has been banned for the consumption of famous wine, which has been reduced by prices. With a loan of $6 million from the bank, the five grains were first raised in 1989 and then again in 1994, with the moo-bae, they became $100-priced wine, and brand power has been transformed into a high-end brand image.
Resolute price stabilization: During the 1997 Asian financial crisis, political and commercial consumption declined rapidly, and industry demand was very low; immediately following the 1998 Shanxishaw fakes, which shocked the country, white alcohol consumption was exacerbated. In this context, the price of wine has fallen sharply, while the five grains have taken full-scale price stabilization measures, with prices falling significantly lower.
Other brands, brand power, and price systems have been tested to firmly establish high-end alcohol status and gain access to the world, and branding is extremely high, and has been building brands for many years. From brand positioning, the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Four-F4-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-Five-F4-F3-F3-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F3-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4
The food fluids have always focused on branding and the culture of consumption, and since the 1990s, the marketing costs for branding, image-making and consumer-breeding have been far ahead of other brands, and the years and years of expensive investment have created a strong “breeding” image in the consumer’s mind.
Figure 35: Cost of sales of the “Book Five” in 1998-2012 (millions of yuan) Figure 34: Persistence of branding and image-making by the five grains, with a unique environment and a leading industry in the production and distribution of energy
The company relies on its unique environmental advantages, historically inherited craftsmen and craftsmen, unrepeated old cellar pools, and the high quality of alcohol, which builds strong quality and capacity to protect the city. Environmental advantages: the five grains are located in the heart of the “China White Gold Triangle.”
In the first city of the Yangtze, whether water, climate, raw materials, soil, etc., is perfectly compatible with the requirements of strong white wine, and is one of the best known places to produce strong white wine. Craftsmen and craftsmen have an advantage: to improve the quality of combing wine from the Chen recipe, and then to improve it further to Deng.
\triangleright, the cooking technique of the five grain fluids is constantly innovating in the fuelfire transmission, with a distinct feature of "one pole, three grand, six firsts, six fines." At the same time, the five grain fluids are a gathering of the best experts and professionals in the wine industry, with five people.
China’s wine-breeding masters, extremely complex crafts, and excellent wine-breeding masters work together to produce the perfect quality of the five grains. The inn advantages: the white wine industry has the phrase “a thousand years old cellars are bad, a good wine is good from old cellars,” and the longer the cellars age, the more the reservoirs are rich in microbes, so the old cellar ponds are a necessary condition for the production of the top flavours.
There are eight Ming salveries, including Lil Yongchuan, which have been fermented for more than a hundred years, the oldest of which continues to be fermented from 1368 to the present, with historical sedimentation for more than 650 years.
Figure 37: Over 650 years of "Long Hair Up" old cellar pool 1 extreme/3/3/6 first and 6-point-one-point-five-food formula
It's a great process. It's a bad stratification. It's a wrap.
The heart of the mason, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart of the man, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the
Quantified distillation, advantage of the old cellar, double fermentation.
Since this round of white wine has recovered, as consumers have become aware of the white wine, it's not a good idea.
Growing maturity and independence, high-quality and high-quality wines are increasingly popular with consumers, and high-quality liquor companies can steal more than a million mouths, produce 40,000 tons a year, and produce more than 200,000 tons of commercial wine and 600,000 tons of raw wine storage capacity. The five grain fluids have the most forward-looking production layout in the industry, and the strong wine industry has the strongest potential.
Table 6: The historical expansion of the production capacity of five grains and liquids. 3.2 The historical problem: cardboard model & big business vices are highlighted, and reform is slow and lost.
In the 1990s, the company introduced an innovative buy-out and brand-oem model, using large-scale distribution networks and guest resources to achieve a rapid and low-cost expansion, while in the 1990s, branded products contributed to an increase in revenue and the company became a generation of “China's kings of wine industry”.
There is inherent justification for the choice of a branded production and a large-scale business model: 1) only 10-15% of wine can be made of high-end wine due to process problems, and 400,000 tonnes of food fluid production capacity (of which 200,000 tonnes of solid-state capacity) needed to be absorbed in the national market; 2) the large-scale trading system was the dominant channel model where low-cost rapid expansion could be achieved by means of large-scale commercial resources; 3) the current residential brand name
However, with the rise in the branding of residents, the tendency to focus on the fine operation of large monolithics and channels has become industry-based, and past patterns of labelling and overdependence on large businesses have become increasingly evident; and company price strategies have failed and reforms have been inadequate.
Unfortunately, the industry has lost its vanity, specifically: 1) the branding product has been so messy as to dilute the image of the main brand. Since the Oem model was created, more agents have developed low-cost branding for their own benefit, and these low-end products lack systematic branding, malignantness.
The capture of channel resources and the competition for homogenization are serious: many products are similar to high-end five-food fluid appearances, leading to a much lower recognition of the main brand, which drags the high-end image of five-food fluids; at the same time, some of the excellent series of wine brands have been eroded by a variety of hybrid products, a large number of “super-life” sub-brands, and a significant dilution of the brand value of the five-food fluids.
2) Weak management of channels, and growing corporate malpractices. The business model adopted by companies, though low-cost, has the advantage of rapid expansion. But it is accompanied by white wine entering the buyer's market. The disadvantages of over-reliance on large-scale business systems are exposed. Specifically, the F5 gives full responsibility to general distributors for market development and marketing policies, etc., far away from the final consumer.
The law keeps abreast of and responds to market changes; secondly, companies are unable to effectively control distributors and price systems, especially in the industry, where high turnover and low-price dumping are frequent and there is a clear playing field between firms; and, lastly, companies are more dependent on large firms, they are more bargaining power, leading to greater policy differences, such as the return of large and small firms, and small firms are active.
3. In addition to this, the price strategy has failed twice in history: in September 2003, the classic P5 was upgraded from the sixth to the seventh generation.
At the time of the change of product prices, the seventh generation price was raised to $348 per bottle, and the sixth to $318 per bottle, close to the market price at the time. Because the price was raised too quickly and not well prepared, the terminal price was not followed up, resulting in general losses for distributors and a breakdown in confidence, and some quality distributors were transferred to the huts and the vaults.2 In February 2013, the company moved P5 out of the factory.
Prices rose from $659 to $729 to boost dealer confidence by raising prices and avoiding long-term price-deficit images. Unfortunately, the adjustment that began in 2013 was a fundamental reversal of demand, which not only failed to boost confidence, but instead led to a negative cycle of channels, accelerated approval downs, and the company was forced by pressure to reduce prices significantly, causing a negative impact on brand power.
4. Reforms have been slow and have failed to take hold of the industry. With the continued rise of the public brand, the proliferation of branding models and large-scale trading systems, the ills of price systems are becoming more pronounced. In response to this problem, the company established a “1+9+8” product matrix in 2003 and increased penalties for pipelines.
In this context, you have implemented measures such as the creation of large monoliths, the maintenance of core opinion, the development of small business channels, and the net profit and harvest of more than five grains and less than five grains.
Four deep changes across the board, the King of Huixiang is back on board, 4.1 management is keen to start a second venture of entrepreneurship, internal and external factors are resonant, and the conditions for comprehensive reform are adequate. From the outside, the white wine industry is moving into a squeezed growth, past pursuit.
At the same time, the five grain fluids at the beginning of 2017 faced a fierce competition for “pre-soldiers, post-soldiers”, and the old wines such as the Cedars, the Shanxi Liquor and others began to undergo deep reforms, the industry moved into the age of mastery, and changes in the depth of the five grain fluids were inevitable.
A number of senior managers have brought new visions and new ideas to the company: in addition, through a series of measures such as equity incentives for senior managers, promotion of staff salaries, reforms have gained the broad support of management and staff, and have been successfully promoted and successful. Table 7: Internal and external factors in this round of reforms
In March 2017, Lee Jong-gwang took over as the new leader of the Five Foods and Liquids Group. At the beginning of his term, he proposed “second entrepreneurship.” He then initiated a full-scale profound change in brands, products, channels, physical mechanisms and, in 2018, further proposed “shortboards, long slates, upgrades of new kinetic energy.”
The scale and scope of this round of reforms have been unprecedented, with a series of heavy reform outcomes that have largely resolved the branding and channel problems that have plagued the company for so long, and the great fragrant king has achieved a mixed vision from “mass change” to “mass change” and has mobilized management and channel activism.
The publicly released equity programme was successfully implemented in April 2018. During this increase, the management team subscribed to a total of 1.75 million shares, while the rest of the company ' s staff subscribed to a total of 2.194 million shares, with a total management and staff share ratio of 27.7 per cent; distributors and related personnel to a total of 1.941 million shares, or 22.7 per cent; and external strategic investors to a total of 42.53 million shares, or 49.6 per cent.
The proposed increase is of exceptional significance: first, it has further optimized the equity structure of the five grains; second, it has been able to fully mobilize corporate executives and business cadres; and, lastly, it has achieved a deep binding of corporate and distributor interests and has further enhanced the motivation and development confidence of the distributors.
Since the start of the second enterprise, the company has raised the workforce to a new strategic level, and has developed a systematic talent-building programme. The Corporate Committee Secretary and Chairman Lee Jong-gwang personally promoted the 1,000-thousand-manufacturing project, which aims to create the best and best in the industry through a combination of in-house training and external introduction.
For front-line employees, companies have adopted a pay resolution programme, which has led to a sharp increase in the average remuneration of workers in recent years and a marked increase in productivity. Great importance has been attached to the interests of distributors and to the creation of new types of business relationships.
The new handsome Lee Loong-gwang meeting said that the company would stabilize the price of the plant and gradually raise the price by allowing the distributor to make a reasonable profit and build a new business relationship centred on “comtrade, co-build, share.” The conference marked a major shift in the concept of the five grain fluids for distributors and terminals, with companies paying more attention to the benefits of the distributors and terminals.
For more than three years, the five grain fluids have been following through on their solemn commitment to “sale at the right price, make the dealer earn” and, under the impact of the epidemic, have insisted on price first, fully safeguarding the interests of the distributors. Figure 47: The five grains have been sold at the right price since the start of the second business.
Figure 46: The Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-
In recent years, the company has set up the “Five Foods and Liquidities Cultural Institute” to disseminate a five-food culture, launched a new fashion image in conjunction with Schwartz, created popular pops such as the House of Uplifted and the Discretionary, and set up the Five Food and Liquid Consumers Club to enhance consumer experience.
With the combined efforts of innovation marketing, the company's deep cultural and brand content is better disseminated, brands are more influential and the "New Weather of the Wine King" is better presented.
Founding a consumer club, creating a five-year food and liquid culture study, co-named Schwartz.
It's called "Escorts" and it's deep-drawn into the spirits of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
It's a series of products that shape the country.
Interpersonalization, rejuvenation, timing to express the story of the five grains.
The culture and the bottom of the new re-brand image is a strong "1+3" strategy, with robust growth prospects. Corporate brands focus on the "1+3" product system.
The “1” refers to the eighth generation of the classic five-generation food fluids: “3” refers to the super-high-end 501-five, the classic five-point, and the low-five. The company’s master branding matrix is clear, on the one hand, strengthening the core base of the eighth-dip-five supermonitions; and, on the other hand, the introduction of the non-marked products that focus on “Shortness, high-end, personalization, low-end” to extend the core product.
Systems to further develop a high-end brand image to meet consumer differentiation needs. Under the “1+3” strategy, high-priced company alcohol continues to grow rapidly and is gaining momentum.
In June 2019, the eighth generation of the classic five-generation food fluid was officially marketed, compared to the seventh generation of the five, and the eighth generation of the five-generation fluid was upgraded in all respects in terms of packaging, forgery prevention, scavenging, quality, and prices were generally accepted by consumers and distributors. This product upgrade was a great success, not only in upgrading the P5.
The high branding, which has also won the unanimous approval of consumers and distributors, reflects, on the other hand, a more robust management style. Adequate preparation and a robust business style.
At the same time, companies are ready for supply chains, pre-positioning channels, inviting high-end clients to identify, promoting and disseminating inputs, synergizing through online plus-sub-lines, and extensive and detailed preparations have laid a solid foundation for successful eighth-generation upgrades, reflecting a more robust management style.
The dollar/bottle, the eighth generation of full-scale upgrades, is highly recognized in the market, and the current terminal price has passed the $1,100 mark, and the bulk price has risen from about $800 in early 2019 to about $1,000 today. The eighth generation of five-generation grains has helped raise the price plate and brand power, and has significantly improved the profit level of the channel.
In March 2019, the company launched the strategic super-high end product, "501 Five Grains." The pond brewing and "501 Five Grains." The pit brewing.
In September 2020, the company launched a super-high-end re-engineer version of the classic Five Grains, with a retail market price of $2899/bottle, and a classic Five-Fure Melt, with a perfect combination of classic elements and modern processes, to awaken emotions and memories deep inside 60 or 70 years of age.
The classic Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Fly
The time is ripe for a higher-priced, non-target product, and the classic five-food fluids, which are “smelt, graded, ten-year-old” , are of high quality and are more scarce to cater for the further upgrading demands of faithful fans. 2) The current high price of the puppies is constant and there is a general shortage of them, and the policy of open boxes is influenced by the fact that the classic five-food fluids will benefit from the overflow of demand caused by the inadequate supply of puppies.
3) The company has invested heavily in resource development, and has organized high-level marketing sessions in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu, and has done well in branding, under the title "Focus to Core Brands, Focusing on Core Brands."
The development of the principles of self-help branding, focus on medium- and high-value brands, and the development of the concept of self-employment, big regional brands, and excellent general marketing brands have focused on building four large national monoliths, five-food springs, five-food specials, and four monolithics with a clear image of their identity, value claims, and a well-connected price.
Companies have continued to streamline the sku series, especially those that are less marketed, re-positioned, packaged, and highly similar to the main brand, and have been included in the clean-up, effectively mitigating the long-standing problems of excessive branding, high levels of malignant competition, and lack of integrated planning. From 2017 to date, hundreds of low-end products have been removed each year, with a deep focus on the alcohol product array.
Figure 55: The "4+4" product matrix of the wine series integrates the organizational structure to make a strong eugenic series. The alcohol company insists on the "3 times" requirement and the "3 focuses" principle, and promotes a multi-pronged return to the value of the wine series. 1) Organizational structure: integrates the three companies of the original wine plate into a new one.
The restructuring of the organization highlights the firm's firm's determination to make the best series of wines. 2) Cost investment: Lead the firm to focus on building core terminals, streamlining the value chain distribution system, and increasing the thrust of the series's channels. 3) Internal validation: Ken
By using data to talk about heroes in the end, by introducing, shifting, and phasing out a series of combinations of boxing and other kinds of punches, marketing teams will be strengthened 4. By improving the efficiency of the series in terms of organizational structure, product planning, and resource investment, companies will strive to create a future of 1 billion, 2 billion, and 5 billion grades of a single product, with a view to making a series of bottles of wine that are good.
4.3 The marketing reform continues to deepen, the channel power has been transformed, and the channel power has increased substantially. Since the start of the second business, a series of reforms have been implemented, including the introduction of the “Manufactures of the Hundred Cities” project, the transformation of the marketing centre into a war zone to drive down the channel; and the use of the digital scavenging system.
For more than three years, major reform measures have been in place and have effectively addressed such outstanding problems as the bruising of the company’s market operations, the price of bulk trading, the imbalance in the distribution of benefits and the slowness of market responses, which have led to a qualitative leap forward.
The company has entered the business cycle, with a promising future increase in prices. 1) Promotion of flattening and fine-tuning of channels, promotion of the “Manufacturing in the hundreds of cities” scheme, with a significant increase in marketing staff. Since June 2017, the company has promoted hundreds of cities.
The county-wide 10,000-storey scheme, which involves the construction of hundreds of major central and central cities, thousands of priority districts, including specialized stores, flagship shops and socially influential tens of thousands of core distribution terminals, aims at building a high-quality terminal system and better serving consumers, facilitating the transformation of companies from traditional marketing to modern end-marketing, and in 2017 alone, has built more than 7,000 core terminals in 46 priority cities across the country.
At the same time, the company ' s growth in the number of marketing staff has sunk, adding 452 salesmen, 500 visitors, 181 new salesmen to the company ' s series in 2019 through open recruitment, sub-selection, overall improvement of the age structure and professional qualities of the marketing team, and a significant increase in market access, proximity to consumers, service providers, etc.
The company has further divided the marketing centres of the 7th High Camp of China into 21 marketing zones and 60 marketing bases around short-line targets, thus contributing to vertical regional flattening and pre-positioning of marketing functions. The change to marketing centres as war zones will significantly reduce management levels and sink functional departments and resources into marketing areas.
(b) Increased proximity to the terminal, to the market, to the consumer, and a significant increase in the speed of the company ' s response and in the precision of its channels. (2) Increased control of channels and enhanced confidence on the part of dealers
Since the start of the second enterprise, the company has promoted digital construction from the top down, with deep collaboration with ibm as early as 2017, and has begun to build digital systems. On the occasion of the twentieth anniversary of the Eighth Dip, in 2019, the digital scavenging system was officially market-oriented, with layers tied and layers swiped, so that companies could grow up in marketing centres.
For more than a year now, the eighth generation of grain fluids has been on the market, with a clean-up system that has worked well, with more than 80 per cent of the channels being transparent, a significant reduction in the price of bulk trading and a substantial increase in the control of the channels.
In 2020, under the shock of the epidemic, the company insisted on raising the price from $890 a year to about $980 a year, the profit from distributors rose from $20 a bottle to $100 a year, the profit from the channel improved significantly, the push from the channel and the confidence of distributors increased significantly.
At the same time, the past five grain fluids have been marked by imbalances in profit distribution, inaccuracies, and big and small-scale differences, with companies rushing into the control board system as the eighth-generation V-ray system became online in 2019.
Comprises "3D6": i.e., three dimensions from the supply chain, channels, consumers, three core sections from the price plate, the cargo, the demand plate, the order board, the channel tray, and the service tray. A clear and transparent profit distribution system based on real sales data, through the collection of channel sales data and services, and both.
3) The channel structure continues to be optimized, the grouping channels show good performance, the traditional channels as a whole do not add up, and new growth points, such as enterprise class purchasing, are created. With the sudden impact of the new crowning epidemic in 2020, companies have come up with strategies to supplement the retailing channel losses with the group buying channels.
Merchant Leveraging to develop new growth points can also further foster core opinion leaders and enhance brand influence. 1) At the corporate level, the group chairman, Lee Jong-gwang, personally visited dozens of large business institutions such as the Sino-Sung Group, the Sichuan Bank, and Sichuan Energy, to open up channels to buy. 2) At the dealer level, companies determine quotas for the next year based on the completion of the distribution group's purchases.
In 2020, salesmen joined the distributors in more than 5,000 large, mega-enterprises, rising from about 10% to about 20% at the beginning of the year, and are expected to increase further to 30% in 2021, taking into account that in 2021 the price of group purchases was from $889.
In response to the outbreak, the company has been able to launch a five-fruit "Cloud Shop" sequence, which allows consumers to search the nearby five-fruit shops using the microscopic procedures and to benefit from one-on-one, differentiated and full-source services offered by the specialized stores. In February 2020, the five-sips and Kyoutung launched a full-scale "White Wine Supply"
In July 2020, the company set up a new retail management company for the five grains, aiming to create its first “Build Eco-enabling Platform” and to deepen its cooperation with Ingae Supermarket, Suning's acquisition.
In summary, since the start of the second enterprise, the new management has targeted short-channels, and the heavy reform measures have continued to fall, largely resolving the long-standing challenges of the past, and the channels have made a qualitative leap forward.
The Division ' s marketing organization structure has become more flat and its channels have been refined and refined; 2) through digital sweep systems and controls, the company ' s control over large channels has been greatly enhanced and its profits and dealers ' confidence has been significantly enhanced; 3) the distribution channels have been reduced by means of distribution and new retailing channels, thereby improving their structure and raising overall resistance to the wind.
Riskier capability. Clarity in corporate channel reform, good performance in implementation, long-term momentum. Figure 60: Corporate channel upgrading at all levels. Problems in past channels
The current solution is that one major dealer can't stop the price of dumping, scavenging, precision quotas, close surveillance channels.
2 Channels Uneven Profit Distribution Import controls to determine profit distribution with transparent data Monitoring real marketing capacity to foster quality service distributors
It is difficult to identify high-quality distributors 4 is slow to respond to market changes, change marketing centres into battle zones, push forward functions and increase the number of sales people
The manufacturer controls the prices, sells them well, secures the profits of the channel.
5.1 Power has grown in all its dimensions, with the year 2020 showing great success. Since the start-up of the second enterprise, corporate reform measures have fallen into the ground around high-quality development goals. In 2017, Director Lee Yoon Guangqing proposed a strategic direction for “second entrepreneurship” and further refined in 2018 as “creakboards, stretchboards, upgrades of new energy”.
The long-term development strategy, which management has unavoidably summarized as follows: "channels, organizations, mechanisms, wine series" have existed in the past; "brands, qualities" have to be further enhanced on the basis of four short plates; and, in terms of upgrading new dynamics, companies have adopted "high-end, digital, power-buying" as the way forward.
There have been significant improvements in the four short panels that have existed in the past; brand names and quality advantages have been further magnified; banding channels have increased their contribution, high-end replication has been successful, digital operations have become more efficient, and new dynamic growth has emerged. As can be seen, management has a very strong understanding of corporate and industry development, reformed thinking systems are comprehensive, concrete implementation has come to fruition, and companies have a full range of integrated competitiveness.
The new coronary epidemic since 2020 has had a major impact on end-marketing and consumer confidence, and even in the context of the complex and volatile external environment, the company successfully achieved double-digit growth targets in 2020, with outstanding results in brands, channels, digitization, etc.
Super-high-yielding grains and fluids, further raising brand heights; wine series continued to streamline low-end sku and re-orientated the price system; 2) Batch prices: the price of a batch of five grains rose from $890 in March 2020 to around $980 in December 2020, even though the prices were strong during the mid-autumn and high-season seasons, and the bulk price performance exceeded market expectations; 3) Slicing systems: from the market point of view
See, after more than a year of promotion and refinement, the digital scavenging system is well under way, channels are much more transparent, and there is a marked decrease in the price of serial purchases. 4) Mission purchasing: the share of the group buying channels in 2020 was significantly higher, the group purchasing channels contributed a significant increase in performance, and the profit from sales of single bottle P5 sales was gradually raised from only $20 in early 2020 to around $100 today, with channel confidence and push.
5.2 A firm and high-quality development, with 14th and 14th steps ahead The year 2021 marked the beginning of the 14th round, with companies pursuing high-quality development goals, with revenue targets growing in double digits, ensuring that the business sector is operating within sound and reasonable boundaries. By the second quarter, the company had been able to achieve half of its time, half of its performance, and a table of indicators.
Good for now. In 2021, the marketing approach for the five grains was to maintain a high-quality market share at its core, to strengthen innovative breakthroughs in brand culture, to strengthen upgrading of highland markets and priority markets, to strengthen full-process re-engineering based on digital marketing, and to deploy marketing throughout the year to ensure high-quality growth.
Super-high-end and group purchasing are more than anticipated in 2021. Since the launch of the second entrepreneurship journey in 2017, with management ' s radical changes, the firm ' s all-round trend has been clear; in 2021, the company will raise its high-quality market share to its core, with more in the year of the 14th and 5th rounds:
1) Value relationships: based on digital enabling capacity, companies are better able to monitor sales and stocks, and the channels are better controlled; companies are acquiring large-scale controls & power groups to promote the continued optimization of the channel structure and balance of prices over and above; in this base 2) they are buying channels: in 2020, they showed good performance, in 2021, and in the beginning of the year, they are acquiring more powerful channels.
The Ministry has set up the Department of Mission Acquisitions, with 300 high-level teams dedicated to group procurement. To date, the company has reached 20% coverage of core businesses, a repurchase rate of 90%, an increase from 20% last year to 30% in 2021 for planning missions, and more than half of the overall mission has now been completed, some of the high-quality theatres have completed a full year ' s mission, and high-quality group acquisition targets are expected to be successfully completed throughout the year.
3) Super-high-end products: Super-high-end classic five-food fluids with a planned sales volume of 2,000 tons in 2021, successfully rolled out in the first half of the year, returning more than half. The classic five-food fluids were set up in June 2021, opening up a comprehensive layout of distributors, terminals and group purchases, and increasing efforts to create an atmosphere for the conduct of diagnostic meetings, participate in major events and the " Burning " to enhance brand power and further develop the classics.
30/50 series, supplemented by a wide range of product specifications, to complete the classic five-food fluid product matrix. A steady journey, 14-minute high-quality development. 14-55 is an important window period and strategic opportunity period for a new round of high-quality development of the five-food fluids, based primarily on: 1) macro-level, national construction of new development patterns for international and domestic dual-cycles, and push
(b) At the industry level, high-quality production is still in short supply, the price of wine is still large, and the market share continues to be concentrated in “predominant zones, dominant firms, dominant brands”; and (c) at the corporate level, the fluid is still available in the market, channels, and markets.
On the basis of this, the company identified 14th and 5th “511” development goals, which are the world’s top 500 companies, the liquor industry has sold hundreds of millions of dollars, and the corporate tax is hundreds of billions; the five major monolithic products are now well priced and overvalued.
In order to achieve this goal, the company will continue to work in three ways:
To ensure the dominance of 1,000-dollar prices; to focus on super-high-powered classic five-food fluids, which are expected to be released to 10,000 tons by the end of the fourteen-five-year period. The series focuses on four nationalized strategic monoliths, promoting a return in the value of the series and building up a full-scale five food and fluid master brands, a series of wines, and three brands of personalized products.
Improving the production of high-quality alcohol: Increased production capacity, with an additional 120,000 tons of original wine and a breakthrough in the storage capacity of the original wine \triangleright 1 million tons: II. Further improvement through technological innovation, better equipped and fermenter research
The company combines a two-pronged effort to increase the production of high-quality alcohol, ensure adequate supply of high-end alcohol, and achieve a five-food solution. Deepening marketing reform: One is to strengthen marketing system planning and team building, and to build up high-lying markets and priority markets.
(c) To build a chain of marketing systems: the second is a digital enabling channel that promotes the development of grid-based management in the war zones, enhances their ability to operate digitally and continuously enhances market ownership and responsiveness; and the third is the consolidation of traditional channels, the development of group purchasing channels, the creation of new channels for cross-border cooperation, and the continuous upgrading of profit and commercial profitability.
1) Benefiting from the rapid expansion of the 1,000-dollar price belt and the lack of high liquor prices, sufficient space to operate high-end five-food liquid volume prices, estimated 2) a steady recovery in consumer confidence and consumption scenes in 2021, a smooth consolidation of the bottled series and a steady increase in volume under the lower base line 3) has a significant scale effect, with continuous improvements in management and marketing efficiency and a marginal reduction in cost rates.
In the medium- and long-term, with the sustained release of the reform dividend, a generation of Chinese wine kings, high-end wines, balanced brand power with future development space, and the selection of Kotai, Laos and Shanxi wine as comparable valuations, the three companies will have their own averages in 2021-2023.
Compared to your state, the supply of productive capacity and the increase in prices of products are less constrained, the volume-control capacity is stronger, and the potential income and performance are more resilient.
Cards and markets have become more prominent, super-high-end products have been laid out ahead, and future growth has become more definitive and sustainable. Together, the public sector has become more robust and dynamic, and the new dynamic of super-high-end and group purchasing channels has emerged and the dividends of reform have been continuously released, and no one will be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.