It's a very strong white wine, and it's worth a lot of money, and it's an in-depth report on the five grain fluids (000858) on September 27th, 2021.
The company, which is a strong white wine in our country, has grown steadily in the first half of this year. It is a typical representative of our country, Wei Hongmei, a strong white wine, and its headquarters is located in Yi Bin City, Sichuan Province, where it was founded.
In 1959, the Ilebin Vinegar Factory was added to the high-end White Ladder st 0340513040002, along with the Guo Dai and Chenzhou cellars. According to Brandfinance, the 2020 Global Beverage branding, the company brand
The company's performance increased steadily during the first half of the year as the demand for white wine rebounded. In 2021h1, the company achieved a net profit of $36,752 million and $13,200 million, respectively, representing an increase of 19.45 per cent.
The strong fragrance and high-end white wine market has great potential, and the head business is expected to benefit. The strong white wine is the country's first-largest and the largest in the market. There is now more than one competitive pattern in our fragrance white wine market, which is represented by five grain fluids. The epidemic accelerated the division of industries last year.
Some small businesses with low operational capacity and low risk resistance have been wiped out in development, and the market share of white wine is expected to converge further towards the headlines in the future. At the same time, our high-end white wine market has continued to expand in recent years.
At the end of the product, the company's main product is stifling the five main monoliths.
At the same time, this year, emphasis will be placed on building the classic five-food fluids for super-high-end products, shaping price poles, and increasing the public's market share of high-end products. At the same time, the company continues to develop a series of wines, aiming to harvest 10 billion dollars in 2021. At the brand end, the company optimizes the series in response to previous business abuses.
At the end of the spectrum, the company has worked to optimize its channel structure in recent years, and has made a major effort to develop the channel of acquisition, to introduce a control board-sharing model that can track real-time sales through digitalization. At the same time, in 2020, the company set up a new retail company and developed a number.
In terms of volume, in July 2020, the company officially launched an eco-breeding project (a phase). As expansion progresses steadily, the company’s capacity is expected to continue to be released.
By the end of the 1450s, the company will be able to produce 400,000 tons of original alcohol. Based on a rate of 10 to 15% for the five grains of liquid alcohol and alcohol, it is expected to produce more than 40,000 tons after the completion of the project. On the price side, based on the company’s current actual development, the share of the group purchasing channels has increased and the product has been optimized.
Two major factors have driven the company’s product prices to a higher level. Investment proposals: 2021 is the year of the company’s 14th Five-Five, as the leader of the high-end liquor industry, the expansion of the company’s capacity and the upgrading of its products progress steadily, and the development of the distribution channels will help.
In the first half of this year, the P5 market was expected to be marketed. White wine is now marketed during the season, focusing on sales of company products. In the short term, the recent negative mood of white wine is largely digested, with the same long-term configuration value.
At that time, the epidemic accelerated industrial clean-up, and the overall expansion of the high-end white industry remained unchanged.
The company's former representative of my brand-new white wine factory, which was founded in 1959, was included in the high-end white staircase team, along with the Guotai and Chenzhou cellars. The company's headquarters is located in Ying Bin City, Sichuan province, with a deep cultural background and a six hundred-and-a-half-year-old cellar, and is the first global campaign to adopt five.
In the process of development, the company has won the national name of wine and has been incorporated into the first list of protections of the Central European Geographical Marks Agreement. According to Brandfinance, the 2020 global brand was ranked at $20.872 billion, an increase of 30.14 per cent.
1.1 The company's development history can be divided into four stages, beginning with the company's actual development (1959-1959).
In the early 1950s, "Likawa Young" and "Long Hair" , developed by Ming towards the "Wind Fung" neighborhood, joined with several other bad houses to create a wine factory for officials. In 1959, the wine factory was officially named the "Bing Five Foods and Illiquities" factory.
In 1974, the wine factory replaced the wheat in the five-food formula with wheat, which was officially converted into the river red grain, rice, rice, maize, and wheat, which optimized the brewing material. On the side of the production, in 1958, the wine factory produced about 1,141 tons of alcohol.
In 1979, the wine factory built a new production area on the north bank of the Yangtze River, with a capacity of 4440 tons; in 1986, the wine factory built a new 3,000-ton production workshop with a land area of 228,000 square metres, with a total output of 10,000 tons; and in 1992-1994, the wine factory built a brewery with a capacity of 6,000 cellars, with a capacity of more than 90,000 tons.
There has been a steady expansion of productive capacity, and the visibility and influence of the VFL has been increasing. In the five national drinking fairs held in 1952-1989, the distillery entered four times. (2) The rapid expansion period (1998-2004): the volume price has risen, the channel has been innovative, and the industry has been ranked first.
After being listed, the company continued to expand its production capacity, increasing its production capacity. By the end of 2003, the company’s original alcohol production capacity was more than 200,000 tons, and its capacity was much higher than that of the rest of the same period.
In September 2003, the company raised the price of P5 from $249 per bottle to $330 per bottle, an increase of 32.53 per cent, higher than the $218 per bottle at the base of the sky for the same period compared with the price of $1573 at $268 in the cellar.
During this period, in addition to expanding production and raising prices, companies have been active in upgrading their channels to capture their share of the white wine market and to raise brands’ market influence. Innovations in corporate channels are mainly manifested in three ways.
Designates powerful distributors with full responsibility for the marketing of products in the region, with secondary and tertiary distributors, to form a multi-tier distribution model. In this model, firms can use local distributors to quickly market their products, while the cost of input from corporate channels is relatively low.
In 1994, the company first introduced a buyout model in the industry. The buyout means that the business owner buys off a brand that is owned by the owner, but still owned by the owner. Under this model, the company, in collaboration with the businessman, can rapidly expand the market.
In 1994, the company, in collaboration with Fujian Moose, first introduced the brand of “Five Foods” . (3) Implementation of the Oem License Model, under which the product is only processed for production and brand ownership is owned by the merchants. The company introduced the Oem Authorisation Model, which is mainly based on strong white wine because of birth.
In 1998, the company worked with the Beijing Xinhua Federation and the Hunan Suyang River to develop “Golden Six Feathers” and “Hong Yeung River” respectively. As of 2002, a sub-brand under the Xinhuasu-0em model had been branded.
More than 100 products have been produced, and more than 200 products of various specifications have been produced. Through innovative channels, companies have quickly entered the domestic market for white wine, and brand influence has steadily increased, leading the white wine industry over this period. In 2004, the net profits of companies and returnees were $6,298 million and $828 million, respectively.
(3) The period of confusion (2005-2016): the position of the corporate sector has been demonstrated by the poor state of the anti-superbing company channels, and by the poor state of the industry. In the course of the company’s development, the poor state of the channels has gradually emerged.
At the same time, the oem-posting model has created a disorder of low-priced brands in companies, with uneven product quality and reduced market recognition of company brands. In this context, corporate performance has increased at a rate of $1.19 billion and $1.19 billion. In 2012-2014, the introduction of a three-public consumption policy has led to a deep adjustment in the white industry.
During this period, P5 prices failed. In May 2014, P5 prices fell from $729/bottles to $609/bottles, falling by 16,46%, with a loss of profits in the channel.
In 2017, after Li was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors, he proposed a second entrepreneurship strategy to optimize the company's products, channels, marketing, etc. On the product side, the Department proposed a “1+3” product strategy, which seeks to further develop the high-end and low-levels at the same time as the core product is refined.
On the channel side, the company has implemented the “Manufacturing in thousands of cities and counties.” On the basis of a large-scale business system, the company has introduced a small-scale business model and a proprietary model to strengthen the company's control over the end of the channel by weakening the dealer's voice in the channel. On the marketing side, in February 2019, the company introduced a marketing structure.
At the same time, the company actively recruited marketing personnel to create a comprehensive marketing system. In 2019, the company’s sales personnel were 1,150, an increase of 99.65%.
Mr. Liu Ming, Managing Director of the company, is the chief engineer. This restructuring of the personnel programme injects into the development of the follow-up company. Figure 5: Number and speed of sales personnel in the company
1.2 The corporate equity structure is stable, and the equity incentive is more multi-stakeholder. The corporate equity structure is stable, with real control over the Eibin City State Finance Committee. As of 30 June 2021, the Eibin City People ' s State Property Supervisory Board of the National Government closed down with Sichuan provincial officials, Sichuan.
The Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. and the China Securities and Finance Corporation Ltd. hold shares of 5.72% and 2.38% of the companies, respectively.
Shares are limited to 36 months. Of these, the first employee holding scheme is intended for 2428 company directors, supervisors, senior managers and other company employees. As of 30 June 2021, the first employee holding scheme held 0.61% of the company ' s shareholdings.
Among the company's target audience, the company's plan for the management of the pool of five grains and fluids was introduced to 23 good dealers and related personnel. As of 30 June 2021, the company's plan for the management of the pool of five grains and fluids held a total of 0.40% of the company's shares.
The interests of employees, distributors and related personnel have been tied together, and benefit-sharing mechanisms have been put in place that can significantly motivate employees and distributors to contribute to the long-term healthy development of the company.
In 2017, after the company offered to start a second business, the product development strategy was adjusted at the 1218th meeting to "1+3" and "4+4".5
Food, liquid, liquid, high-end products, low-end products. Of these, "1" in "1+3" is the company's core single product, 8Dip5; "3" is the super-high-end product, 501 Dips (Imium, Clears) and the classic "5s" and "5s" respectively. And the "4+4" in the wine series focuses on five grains, five springs, fives.
In recent years, the company has been focusing on high-end five-food products, leading to a steady increase in company performance and a steady increase in the share of high-end alcohol. From 2015 to 2019, the company’s prices have been high.
In the first half of the year, revenue from the sale of alcohol rose from 15.507 billion yuan to 39.670 billion yuan, at an average compound rate of 26.47 per cent per year, and the share of low-priced liquor went to five-food liquid products and series. In the first half of the year, business income from five-food fluid products was $27.138 billion, an increase of 17.27 per cent.
In keeping with the development idea of “making a strong national strategic brand, making a big regional priority, and making a good total distribution brand”, the plan was to sell a series of wines in 2021 for more than 10 billion dollars, and to try to use 5 billion dollars in five years to create 5 billion dollars worth of food springs and five tons of ol. 2021h1, the company collected 6,964 million dollars, an increase of 18.95 per cent.
1.4 The company’s performance has grown steadily, with a steady increase in profitability. The company’s performance has grown steadily in recent years as a leader in high-end, strong white wine.
Growth. Since the beginning of the year, the white wine market has seen a rebound in demand, with companies achieving business income of $36,752 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 19.45 per cent over the same year, and net return returns of $13,200 billion, an increase of 21.60 per cent over the same period. The company ' s performance in q2 continued to grow robustly in the first quarter. In 2021q2, the company ' s operating income and net return earnings grew by 18.03 per cent over the same period.
The company’s profitability has been steadily increasing. Since its second entrepreneurship in 2017, the company has been working to upgrade its product structure, optimizing its channels and streamlining its brand structure, with a steady increase in profitability. From 2016 to 2020, the company’s cost rate increased by 0.51 percentage points from the same time in 2019, mainly because of the number of sales workers in 2019.
The increase of 99.65 per cent is the result of an increase in the remuneration of employees. As the internal management of the company continues to improve, the management cost of the company has increased by 0.71 percentage points, and the profitability of the company has steadily increased.
2.1 With a strong competition pattern, the concentration is expected to increase. The strong white wine is the country's first white wine.
The fragrance is the country’s first white fragrance, which accounts for the largest share of the market in some 20 provinces and cities. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the share of the market in 2020 was 51%, and 27% and 15% respectively for the fragrance and the fragrance.
♪ And the fragrance ♪ ♪ other fragrances, fragrances, fragrances, fragrances, fragrances ♪
We are now at 31.94% of our strong white wines (five grain fluids, Xiangzhou cellars, ocean river shares), of which the market share is 19.26%. As a result of the epidemic, the profits of the white wine sector are under pressure, the industry is accelerating, and part of the industry is less capable of operating and risk-resistant.
Small businesses are being wiped out in development, and the market share of the strong white wine is expected to move further to the head of the company, with the share of the ocean river, in the old cellar of Jinzhou, in the sword, in the south spring, in the south spring, in the collage, in the world, in the restaurant, in the other 2.2, in the consumption structure + the upgrading of consumption, which will drive the country's high-end white wine market to continue to improve.
2.2.1 Our high-end white wine market is growing strongly, and there is still room for it to rise in the future. Our high-end white wine market is developing robustly, with a rising share. After deep adjustment, the high-end white wine industry has gradually shown its competitive advantage and continues to perform well.
As a measure of the high-end white wine market, in 2020, Mao Dynasty increased to 17,196 million yuan, with an average compound annual growth rate of 23.89 per cent. Meanwhile, the gross revenue of the high-end white wine industry increased from 11.92 per cent in 2016 to 29.47 per cent in 2020.
According to Discus, our gross revenue from high-end white wine business has increased from 11.92% to 29.47% in the white industry. Our high-end white wine is growing faster, but there is still a gap between the United States and the United States.
One of the major factors in the development of alcohol is the fact that we are currently the second largest economy in the world, but there is a significant gap between the per capita gdp and the United States. In 2020, the per capita gdp was $63,415 and our per capita gdp was $10,484, roughly the same level as in the 1970s.
The demand for alcohol has increased, and there is room for a more definitive rise in the future in the high-end white industry. Between 2016 and 2020, our gross revenue from high-end white wine business grew at an average annual compound rate of 23.89%. The population ' s standard of living is constantly changing in terms of consumption structure + rising consumption, and demand for high-end white wine is more strongly supported.
Prior to the Government’s three-public policy, our consumption of white wine was dominated by government consumption and commercial consumption. After a period of deep adjustment in the white wine industry, our consumption structure changed, the share of public consumption was severely reduced, and the share of commercial consumption fell significantly.
In 2017, our consumption of white wine fell from 40% to 5%, and business consumption from 42% to 30%. Against this background, our consumption structure has shifted to a predominantly popular consumption structure, which has become a solid consumer group in the white wine industry. In 2011-2017, our consumption of white wine rose from 18% to 65%.
This has reduced our consumption of white wine to a certain degree, and has stabilized over the past, with the rise of the middle class and above, the rise of the consumption structure, and the opportunity for high-end white wine. As economic development continues, the disposable income of the population continues to grow, and the middle class and above grow.
According to Boston advisory data, it is expected that by 2020, one step forward. Moreover, as consumer awareness of health increases, consumers are increasingly focusing on the quality of white wine.
In pursuit of the growing number of consumers using the term “less alcohol, good wine” as a standard for white wine consumption, high-end white wine, in terms of consumption trends, caters to the rising trend in consumption of “less alcohol, good wine”, and high-end white wine is likely to grow significantly in the future.
The traditional distribution channels of digital enablers are expected to be the direction of the industry’s transformation in the future. Most alcohol companies have focused on traditional distribution channels at an early stage, and white wine companies are largely out of touch with end consumers.
After the country’s policy of limiting consumption to three publics, the main consumer of white wine has shifted from government and commercial consumption to public consumption.
Mainly, the better digital transition has catered to changes in the consumption of the white wine market and is expected to become an important shift in the white wine industry.
The price of the channel is usually higher than the price of the distributor’s imports, and the development consortium’s buying channels can increase the price of the product’s tonnage to a certain extent, thereby increasing the company’s performance. Moreover, under the syndicate’s procurement channels, the goods are sold directly from the company to the consumer, without having to resell through the distributor, increasing the control of the company’s end consumption.
The group purchase model or the choice of a growing number of alcoholics. 3 or more blooms to create a strong white tap 3.1 process: traditional fragrance brewing, with more than 650-year-old guests in the early years of the year.
The company uses traditional fragrance brewing processes. As a fragrance-like white tap, the company uses traditional fragrance brewing techniques such as “steaking, mixing, burning, scaffolding, stubbling” to make white wine, which is characterized by “one extreme threes and sixs” and is included in the country's intangible cultural heritage. “one pole” is the extreme condition of the process.
On this basis, the company combines the six first-ever wine-making formulas with fine wine-making processes, which make the wine that is made with long fragrance, thick odors, full wine, etc.
More than 650 years of white wine, the quality of the company's white wine is guaranteed. Different types of white wine have a different focus when they are made. Generally, soy white wine is heavy on the process, while strong white wine, in addition to the process, is of vital importance in the cellars.
All-round, the system of cellars is becoming more inclusive and the quality of white wine is improving. The company now owns more than 32,000 silos, and some of the silos, represented by "Long Hair Up" and "Licheon Young" , begin in the early years of the Ming Dynasty, belong to the cave-style song, the wine fermentation cellar, which is now over 650 years old. The ancient silos guarantee the quality of the company's white wine.
3.2 Products: Optimizing Core Monuments, Introduction of New Complimentary Product Price Ribbons Optimizing Core Monuments, 8-Dap Five Full Upgrade. P5 as the Core Monument of Companies, which is the company’s dominant position, was upgraded again in 2019. In June 2019, it was in circulation in the market for more than 16 years.
In comparison with the seventh generation, the eighth generation of the fifth generation is officially marketed. Compared to the seventh generation, the eighth generation of the fifth is more accentuated in terms of taste than in terms of taste, the smell of the five grains is so long, the entrance is so good, the empty cups are so persistent. Also, the eighth generation of the fifth is improved in terms of security against forgery and packaging. The eighth generation of the fifth bottle is upgraded to double security.
Pseudo, which allows the product to be dated from production to sale. Moreover, the eight-dip-five optimizes the capping, and the bottle design is more qualitative. The seven-dip-five pre-priced plant is $789 per bottle, while the eight-dip-5 bid is $889 per bottle, 100 more than the seven-dip-5 bid. The eight-dip-5 market boosts the five-storey floor.
Figure 26: The eighth generation of five-generation fluids has been completely upgraded, the super-high end product 501 and the classic five-food fluids have been created, and the price of the five-food fluids has been raised. On the basis of the consolidation of the eighth-dip-five, the company has for the past two years introduced super-high end product 501 and the classic five-food fluids, further enhancing the company.
Price stickers for products increase the company's market share in super-high-end white wine. In 2019, the company produced "501 Five-Five Grain Liquids" and "501 Five-Five Grain Liquids" super-high-end products were officially launched, and the final retail price was set at $5,000 + for the year of the parchment.
More than a year ago, the masters of wine brewing crafted the core competitiveness of the product. Focusing on the high-end white wine quality, 501,500 grain fluids are still scarce. 501 bottles per year are sold in the market, each with a single number. After 501 grain fluids, the company launched the classic five grains in September 2020.
The final retail price of the liquid is $2899/bottle, which the group buys for $2,600/bottle to fly over the roof. The company says this year it will focus on building the classic five-food fluids and will launch the classic 20/30/50, a full-scale, one-line, two-line city, and a three-line, four-line city based on merit.
At present, the company has fully launched high-end product identification activities throughout the country, further upgrading the company's classic five-food fluids in high-end markets, and has launched a series of sub-high-end wines and mini-quicks to complete sub-high-end product price belts.
Food is on the market. The product size of the S-5 is 52 degrees/375ml, the final retail price is 498 yuan/bottles, the lower end of location, and the main focus is on enterprises. The S-5 bottle body is based mainly on the 1992 Great Wall Five liquid model, with some nostalgia elements. From the current product matrix, the company ' s products are mainly high-end and low-medium-low-end.
The product is dominated, and the sub-higher price is missing. The mini-food roll-out can partially compensate for the company's price, increase the company's market share in the sub-higher price belt through a race-in-theatre, and consolidate and strengthen the company's 3.3 brand in the city: reshape the series of brands, with the brand structure continuously up.
The company, which used to rely on large-scale trading, buyout and oem modeling, quickly seized its share of the white wine market and ranked first in the industry at the end of the 1990’s. But in the traditional channel model, there was a collage of distributors, and the company’s low-priced wine brands were mixed, and the quality of the product varied.
Market recognition of brand names has declined. In response to brand disorder, companies have in recent years produced documents to streamline the series of wine brands and clean up small brands with poor business skills in order to optimize their brand structure. In June 2016, the Department introduced the " Risk Management System for the Series of Liquor Brands " , which requires brand operators in all sectors to sell nationwide and local larges.
(c) On 4 April 2019, the company introduced the “Vvvv” “On cleaning and cessation of sales”, “Orientales”, etc.
In a series of efforts, the company’s current brand clean-up of the series has yielded some results and the brand structure continues to rise. In 2020 and at the 2021q1 performance statement, the company indicated a series of wines.
Retrenched to 38 brands and 360 products, compared with 189 brands and 2,269 products in 2018, with a reduction of 3.4 channels: Power Group acquisition plus introduction of board splits plus rich online scenes, channel reform continued to advance 3.4.1 optimized channel structures, power acquisition channels
The company’s distribution model is divided into distribution and direct sales. The company’s distribution model is dominated by sales under the line, including the traditional channel operator model, the specialty shop model, the ka market, etc. The direct sales model consists mainly of the group purchase model and the electricity vendor model.
Businesses like Skycat, Kyoto, etc. sell their products on the platform. Secure distribution channels, power-buying channels. Group buying as an emerging mode, companies sell their products directly to conglomerates and consumers, which can partially compensate for the loss of end retail sales.
In the first half of the year, the distribution channels of companies have been growing steadily, and the distribution channels have been growing rapidly. 2021h1, the distribution channels have achieved business income of $27,167 million, an increase of 3.72 per cent compared to 3.72 per cent; the direct distribution channels have generated business income of $6,935 million, an increase of 251 per cent compared to the direct distribution channels.
3.4.2 Introduction of a control board split model, digitalization of channels Introduction of a control board split mode, digital enabling tracking of real-time sales. Under a large-scale business model, there are collusive prices in channels, companies are largely disconnected from end consumers, and control over terminals is limited.
At the end, the company entered into a partnership with ibm in 2018, officially announced the full launch of the company's digital transformation strategy, and in 2019 launched a control-discount model. The “control board” is based on the company's digital empowerment, supported by a price plate, goods and demand drive, and a sequence board, channels and services board, and is linked by tracking the delivery volume of products.
Price data, management of the volume price of the product; “diplomatics”, that is, the distribution of profits based on dynamic sales data, a clearer and more transparent distribution system, and effective protection of the interests of small and medium-sized distributors.
Tray codes; dealers' repositories and terminals' inbounds need to be cleaned up; terminal depots need to be cleaned; consumers open bottles to cover the insides. Currently, nearly 53,000 terminals have entered the company system, based on layer-scanning, and the company's marketing radius extends from distributors to terminal stores and consumers, bringing the product from store to dealer to terminal channels to consumer.
The frequency of loans by distributors is adjusted from year to year after the company has implemented a control-discount model. The faster frequency of payments by distributors allows companies to regulate the supply of their products according to market realities, with flexibility to adjust the speed of delivery and thus achieve a smooth flow order.
Real-time monitoring of company back-office data: channeling, channel marketing, terminal data 3.4.3 Establishment of a new retail company + development of a digital wine certificate, enrichment of online consumption scenes Establishment of a new retail company to enhance brand advertising and channel control.
New retail companies are now responsible for the delivery of all company-line liquor, which is the source of supply on the product line. Meanwhile, in order to enhance control over online channels, the company proposes to make it available to the public.
In March 2020, the company, in collaboration with the Sina Sina, launched the White Wine Digital Certificate on a long-term network, linking the five-food liquids to the encrypted electronic delivery documents of the block chain.
The company combines techniques such as the “m2c model” and block chains with the establishment of a guarantee mechanism for physical liquor from the factory to the original plant where it is delivered. After the user has purchased it, the logistics are distributed throughout the chain, and the user can verify the original plant by scanning the code when it receives the goods. (2) The consumer can not only give it out.
Having your own digital wine card, you can also transfer digital wine certificate gifts to realize the online social attributes of the product. (3) Investment collection. When digital wine certificate is purchased, it increases as the value of old wine increases and has a certain investment collection value for consumers.
Fig. 31: Numerical Five-Five-Little Wine Certificate 4 - Company product prices are expected to rise, company expansion works are steady and productive capacity continues to be released. Through decades of development, the company has formed the "Ten Mile Wine City."
In 2017, the company started a 100,000-ton brewery production project, which was fully completed in 2020, with a total of 300,000 tons of pure and solid food production.
Following the extension in 2017, the company launched the 120,000 eco-breeding wine project (phase I) in July 2020, with a total construction area of about 16,580,000 square metres, five brewery workshops to be built together with a set of buildings and works, with a total investment of approximately $1,268 million. The project is expected to be completed by the end of the 14th century.
At the same time, the company has increased its capacity to store the original wine. At present, 300,000 tons of the public department's pottery wine bank has been completed in one phase, and the company's original wine storage capacity is expected to reach the end of the 1450th century.
It will increase from 450,000 tons to 1 million tons. As the best-performing company in the white wine industry, as the technology improvement project progresses steadily, the company’s capacity is expected to be further released.
In view of the company’s current real development, there are two main factors driving the increase in the price of the company’s products: the increase in the share of the group buying channels and the upgrading of the product structure. In terms of group purchasing, the price of the group purchasing channels is higher than the price of the distributor’s imports.
The price has been maintained at $889/bottle since May 2019. Under the group purchase channel, orders and new customers are imported at a price of $599/bottle. In 2020, the company’s group purchase channel was about 20%, the group purchase ratio is expected to reach 35% this year, and the increase in the group purchase channel will drive the company’s product to a higher tonnage.
On the basis of the five core monoliths, the company actively optimized the product matrix and pushed the product structure upwards. In 2019 and 2021, the company launched an ultra-high end product, 501 and a classic five-food expansion of the super-high end white wine market, with the classic five-food fluid retailing price on a pedestal.
Classic five-food liquid products. While developing the five-food liquid products, the company is working to optimize the wine series, which is expected to yield $10 billion in revenue this year. In the context of moving up the product hierarchy, the company's tonnage is expected to be further contrasted with the top five, the high-end, strong whites.
Our high-end white wine companies are mainly located in the Guozhou Mautai, the Five Foods and the Penang State cellar. Of these, the white wine produced in the Guozhou court is a sauce and the white wine produced in the Luang State cellar is a fragrance. According to the brand list published by Brand finance, the five grains are of value to the same brand as the old Luang State cellar.
$20,872 million and $5,626 million, respectively, in the second and fourth place of the global liquor brand. Here, compare the five-food fluids in the high-end white wine with the two flavoured white wines in the Penthouses of Kyushu with 5.1 products in terms of product, performance, financial indicators, etc.
The product matrix compares with the "1+3" and "4+4" branding strategies of the five grain fluids, which focus on the five main cores. The "1+3" and "4+4" branding strategies of the series are currently being implemented.
In comparison with the five grain fluids, the product matrix in the Penang cellar is relatively compact, focusing on five core monoliths. Of these, the cellars in the Penang cellar are located in the high-end category, with high-end white wine ladders on the fly-by platform and P5; specials and silos are located at the mid-end of products, while the head and second are dominated by the opening of low-end markets.
Figure 32: Five grain fluids compared to the Penang state silt product matrix The core singles compare: P5 shares are second in the market, and prices are almost equal to those of the country’s customers, 1573. Look at our high-end white wine market, where the top three products, P5 and the cellar, account for the high-end white wine market.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, in 2019, the market share was 42%; the market share for P5 and the cellar was 31% and 9%, respectively, in the second and third places. According to prices, P5 prices were raised to $889 per bottle on 21 May 2019. The price for the cellar was 1573 in 2019.
In May, it was $810 per bottle, followed by an increase in the price of the plant in December 2019 and September 2020. In September 2020, the price of the factory was raised to $890 per bottle by the national guest. In comparison with P5 the price of the factory price of the national guest was high for each bottle of the five grains is limited by the epidemic, and the net profit from the return to the mother of the Xiangzhou cellar is growing faster.
The impact has been limited, with the net return and repatriation profits rising by 14.37 per cent and 14.67 per cent in 2020. Since this year, the first half of the five grains increased by 19.45 per cent and 21.6 per cent, respectively, as the white wine market warmed.
However, thanks to the upgrading of the product structure, the net return profit of the Penang cellar has increased significantly faster than the recovery rate in recent years. In 2020, the net return profit of the Penang cellar grew by 29.38% over the same year. On the basis of last year’s low base, Penang recorded a steady growth in its performance in the first half of the year, with business earnings and net return earnings increasing by 22.04% over the same period.
Figure 36: Analysis of net profitability of the five grain fluids and the quails in the Länder
The increase in the profitability of the five grains is slower than in the old cellars of the state than in the old cellars of the state. There has been a steady increase in the profitability of the five grains and the old cellars in recent years. From 2016 to 2020, the Māori rate of the five grains rose from 70.20% to a relatively rapid increase in the Māori rate in several years, mainly due to the company ' s accelerated upgrading of the product structure in recent years, with the share of high-end products in the range of high-end products.
The combined Māori rate and cost rate, with the exception of 2021h1, were higher net interest rates than the Sãozhou rate. In the first half of the year, the cost of selling the Sãozhou salvage was significantly reduced, resulting in a net interest rate in contrast to the equivalent level of the five grains.
The net interest rates for the grain fluids and the silos are 37.67 per cent and 45.79 per cent, respectively. Figure 37: The five grain fluids compared to the silo rates for the silos (%): The five grain fluids compared to the silos ' s net interest rates (%) High-end white wine is certain and the company ' s target for 2021 is good.
As the epidemic is largely manageable, the competitive advantage of high-end white wine has become more apparent since this year. The company, as a strong white wine leader, was relatively limited in its performance over the past year, with both harvests and net return profits growing at double-digit rates in 2020. Since this year, it has benefited from the warmth of the demand for white wine and the expansion of high-end white wine.
There is room for further increases in corporate prices, maintaining a “recommended” rating for companies. The year 2021 was the beginning of the company’s 14th Five-Five, and as a leader in the high-end liquor industry, the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and product upgrading steadily advanced.
In the first half of this year, the market was expected to sell supermarkets. White wine is now in the middle of the season, focusing on sales of company products. Short notice, the recent negative mood of white wine has been largely digested and the value of its configuration has become apparent. At the same time, the epidemic has accelerated industry output.
Qing, the overall growth trend in the high-end white and wine industry has remained unchanged, with the sector’s Matthews effect showing greater certainty in corporate development. (2) Merchant purchasing channels have expanded less than expected. (3) Industry competition has increased.
(4) Food safety issues. (5) Macroeconomic impact. `Market index' reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed public authorities, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report.