The world's largest investment-building group, the preferred target for low-valued and steady growth Investment rating: one of the world's largest investment-building groups, institutional innovation remains dynamic
As one of the largest investment-building groups in the world, China’s construction performance is spread across more than 100 countries and territories, both within China and abroad, with a portfolio of investment development, engineering, surveying and new business.
Sub-enterprises have introduced a career manager system, and four restricted stock incentive schemes have been implemented since their listing. The annual report reveals that in 2024, China ' s construction plan achieved a new contract of over 4.5 trillion yuan and business income of over 2.38 trillion yuan.
• Three main lines of business: the growth of the capital city, the focus of real estate development on the central urban circle, the construction of one house: the growth of the housing stock, and the surge in demand for industrial plants. The completion of the construction sector in the country is shrinking in size and is expected to continue in the short term; however, the completion of the country's construction housing stock has led to an increase in the size of the country's housing stock.
In 2021-2023, the proportion of the country’s total area completed rose rapidly to more than 16%. China’s position in the area of housing construction works has been greater, with a large number of landmarks in sub-sectors such as super-high, large estates, industrial plants, etc.
In the first half of 2024, orders for engineering projects from prominent enterprises, such as Tokyo East, Lithium at 100 million latitudes, and Lungi Green, were awarded $133.37 billion in operating income from housing operations, representing an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period.
Investments in facilities (excluding electricity) have increased by 5.4 per cent over the same period, and have been declining at a sustained rate; in January-June, the country released only 38.21 per cent of the total annual amount of additional earmarked debt and projects have been underfunded. Looking ahead, the Central Political Bureau has pointed to the need for sustained macroeconomic policy.
More vigorously, it is expected that the pace of issuance of special-purpose debt will accelerate significantly, providing for the implementation of major projects. During the first half of 2024, the value of new contracts for company-owned construction increased by 34.9 per cent over the same period, with municipalities, transport, and 3 real estate development: both brands are working and contracts are sold to the top of the industry.
China’s overseas development (0688.hk) and China’s eight major engineering bureaux have led to the creation of two major brands: Central Haiti and China’s real estate. The company’s real estate contract sales in 2023 were 451.4 billion yuan, a 12.4 per cent increase for the first time.
In January-July 2024, six platforms entered the country’s housing stock under the banner of the Central Government, and more than 90 per cent of the new land reserves were in the first and second-line cities.
“One way” is entering a high-quality development phase. Overseas operations are expected to become a new source of energy. China’s construction is one of the first “outward” businesses in the country. Over 8,000 construction projects in more than 140 countries and regions abroad, covering housing construction, manufacturing, energy, transport, water, etc.
Since 2022, Hong Kong and Australasia projects have rapidly outpaced South-East Asia, and, as high-quality co-building “one-way” initiatives gradually take place, Chinese enterprises “go-out” will open up opportunities for development, and it is expected that overseas operations will become a new source of energy in China in the future.
(3) State enterprise reforms are not as fast as expected.1 The largest investment-building group in the world, with steady growth in business performance, 1.1 carrier-level investment-building groups, and institutional innovation remain dynamic.
China’s construction is the largest investment group in the world. In 1982, the former National Directorate of Construction and Engineering was abolished, and the Chinese Construction and Engineering Corporation was established: in 1992, China Overseas Group Limited, a subsidiary of China State Corporation, and its core, China Overseas Development Company Ltd. (China Overseas: 0688hk), was listed in Hong Kong to start a Chinese venture.
China Construction Group was established in 1995 with China Construction Engineering Corporation as the core group; the restructuring of China State was successfully completed in 2007, with China Building having a limited share in construction, and in 2009 China had successfully placed its buildings on the market with over 10 billion dollars in profits; and in 2014, China Construction was successfully restructured.
China completed the acquisition of the United States plaza Construction Company, the first M & As deal for China's construction off the sea; China's construction broke out of trillion yuan in 2017, setting its mid-term target of 1211; and China's rise to 23 out of the world's 500 highest rankings in 2018, becoming the world's largest consortium of investment-building firms.
In 2019, China’s construction became the only global industry to achieve new contract awards and operating income for the second year running “two million places,” and “the top 250 engineering contractors” in the Engineering Journal (enr).
China’s construction operations cover investment development (property development, construction finance, holding operations), engineering (housing construction, infrastructure construction), survey design, and new business (green construction, energy-efficient environment, e-commerce).
China builds and strengthens internal resource integration and business synergy, and builds “plan design, investment development, infrastructure construction, and housing.”
The structure of the company's operations, each of its subsidiaries has a business focus. China is responsible for building the country's infrastructure, promoting urbanization, etc.
Important tasks, specific projects carried out by major subsidiaries established or invested. 1 Construction: China 1 to 8, of which 3 and 8 made net profits of more than 10 billion in 2023, and China's overseas platform, China Building the State, with a focus on the Chinese construction equation of infrastructure facilities. 2 Real estate development and operation: China Sea Group and China's overseas development
(0688.hk), with Central Haitians as real estate brands, China Sea Property (2669.hk) has pioneered the introduction of successful property management experience in Hong Kong, and is now in the lead in China. 3 Design and decorations, etc.: China Construction Planning Group, China Construction Southwest House, China Construction and Decoration, which is responsible for engineering design and interior and outdoor decorations.
See, China ' s construction is positioned as a strategic and controlled headquarters, and the secondary sub-enterprises are maintained to live and manage together;