A solid building leader, 0508/2024.
\triangleright 2023 New \triangleright in municipal engineering, transport engineering, energy engineering, water and environmental protection, water transport
An additional 13.1 million square metres of land reserves, of which more than 90% are located in second-line cities. Thanks to the capital of China and the platform's advantage, the quality of the land in the second-line cities of the opposite configuration, the value of the full-calibre sale of Haitian production under the banner of China, Haiti, China and China is the second highest in the industry, with 100 full-calibre sales in the month of June.
For the first time in almost a year, the company’s share of real-estate business is expected to rise further. First, look at the speed of overseas business development.
In dozens of countries and regions in Asia, North Africa, West and Central Africa, South Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, etc., new contracts of $123.1 billion outside of 2024h1, an increase of 105.4% over the same period, are expected to break new ground. See two: a steady increase in the share of red, and a high rate of dividends, show the value of investment every year since the company was listed.
For example, in 2024, the IFC will fully implement market value management for listed companies.
The company’s valuation level is expected to be restored, driven by a steady growth in performance + a market value management test for the company. Investment proposal: China’s construction as a domestic construction + property twin; a robust growth in new construction instruments; and a sustained increase in the market share of real estate operations, with the company’s market value management test expected to boost the valuation recovery;
The interest rate has an investment value, and we expect the company ' s net return profit from 2024-2026 to be 2 construction operations: the value of new contracts continues to grow, the order structure is optimized 2.1 house construction operations: steady growth, the share of new industrial plant signatures increased
Market marketing strategy, focusing on the high- and middle-level “new housing” area, focuses on building the first advantage of strong housing. In the downstream area, the company’s new contracts in the residential sector in 2023 were influenced by the weakening of the real estate market, and the share of new contracts in the construction business was equal to +7.3 pct, under the new 6th-generation semiconductor in Beijing.
Projects such as the Device Production Line; new contracts in the CIVES sector amounting to $534.2 billion, or +6.8 per cent, and new contracts for the operation of secondary educational facilities amounting to $18.5 billion, or +9.4 per cent, to take over projects such as the Qinghua University Student Activity Centre and the Tonzhou Financial Development and Talent Development Base; new contracts in the commercial complex amounting to $51.6 billion, or the same,
At the same time, the company was deeply involved in the construction of the “three major projects” and took over a number of key civic projects such as the twin sand community in the Huang Po district of Guangzhou and the Vongdong community upgrading project. The construction of the buildings in the 2024h1 company resulted in a new contract of $153.2 billion, or +5.7 per cent.
2.2 Capital operations: new contracts continue to grow, energy projects account for a higher percentage, high-level interaction, and stratification” strategy, seizing development opportunities in the subsector of infrastructure and investing in building pillars. In the downstream sector, companies signed new contracts in 2023 at $282.9 billion in municipal engineering.
+17.0 per cent, of which new contracts for municipal road operations amount to $18.74 billion or +0.1 per cent, to cover, among other things, the project for the upgrading of the production complexes in the “one-way” core of the International Logistics City; and for transport engineering, new contracts amounting to $25.98 billion or 21.7 per cent, of which new contracts for railway operations amount to $39.8 billion or the same amount.
+19.7% Under the railway projects such as the male high iron and line 11 of Chengdes, the airport projects such as the Fu Governor Lei International Airport II and the Jing Yui New Bridge International Airport Integrated Traffic Centre, the winning targets for several urban tracks such as Beijing, Shenzhen and Jinan, and new contracts in the field of energy engineering amounting to $269.7 billion, compared to +151.4% in Xinjiang, China.
(b) New contracts in the area of water and environmental protection amounting to $11,5.7 billion, or +2.1 per cent, for the first network to protect the Yangtze River;
RMB, +229.6 per cent, signed on to the Hunan Xiaoyang Holt pumping power plant, and the plain-land waterway project. 2024h1 company capital operations achieved new contracts of $749.1 billion, a 34.9 per cent increase. Investment in infrastructure has increased steadily.
The State Council's Standing Committee considered the adoption of the Guidance for Active and Steady Promotion of Urban and Central Village Rehabilitation in mega-cities.
To improve the role of the government, to increase policy support for the rehabilitation of priority urban towns and villages, to actively innovate models, and to encourage and support the participation of civil capital. At the same time, the country will promote the development of towns with county cities as a major vehicle, continuously improve the facilities for the administration of county cities, strengthen the foundations of county-town industrial development, and improve the public services of county cities.
System. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2023, the country invested 50.3 trillion yuan in fixed assets, or +3 per cent, with an increase in infrastructure investment of 5.9 per cent, with infrastructure infrastructure as an important support for the expansion of domestic demand and steady growth.
The number of new land reserves in the first and second-tier cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and other cities is over 83%. According to brand names, the company ranked second in the 2023 stock sales of Haitians in 2023.
(a) 43 new land acquisitions, 7.64 million square metres of land reserves, and the value of the additional land in the first place in the industry, amounting to RMB 13.421 billion, resulting in a contract sales of RMB 267 billion over the year, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent;
During the year, 18.4 billion yuan worth of contract sales were realized, an increase of 25.3 per cent over the previous year. The brands of China-based properties, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-Kino-China-China-China-China-China-China-based-Tchio-Tchio, China-China, China-China-China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and the.
The company’s full-calibre sales are $148.3 billion, the third largest in the industry last year. In June, it achieved 46.6 billion worth of full-calibre sales in the first 100 in a single month.
Millions of dollars, or 2/7/9/17 in the industry. Only 20 (78,000 square metres, or 18th in the industry) of Haiti ' s land area represents the company ' s priority layout in the second-line city, the current industry ' s downside, the company ' s high-quality plots in the second-line city, the future real estate business, based on the capital and platform of the company.
4.1 The company, one of the first companies in China to engage in international engineering contracting, has seized a “one-way” development machine.
Overseas engineering services have been found in dozens of countries and regions in North America, Central America, Hong Kong, Australia, South-East Asia, North Africa, West and Central Africa, South Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia, and have been successful in many areas such as housing construction, manufacturing, energy, communications, water, industry, petrochemicals, hazardous waste disposal, telecommunications, sewage and garbage disposal.
While also actively exploring modes of investment-led master contracts, db, epc, bot, etc., and actively trying to leverage capital practices such as cross-border M&As, the company is ranked 13th in the wealth world ' s 500th highest ranking in 2023 and is the largest investment-building group in the world.
The international contractor, enr, rose to 6th place, continuously entered key indicators such as the 50-card, the 50-point-up, the 50-point-up, the 50-point China-50 connectivity index in China and the msci-China-50 index, and maintained the industry ' s highest global credit rating, which provided a good basis for overseas operations.
+0.1 pct, new offshore contracts of $18.6 billion, or 12.3 per cent, for the year as a whole, with construction operations newly signed, and a number of priority projects in a number of broken-down areas, including roads and bridges, to take over from the Qingde New Emergency Hospital in Hong Kong, China (sitea), the South Sector Design Company on the Light Track East in Macao, China, and the Singapore subway Trans-Island Line Extension
Projects such as p103, high-rise residences in Kavalikasa in the United Arab Emirates, a fine Thai dragonfitis industrial park in Dongsan, a railway in the city of Astana, Kazakhstan, and several projects under construction, such as the Dubai View City Centre in the United Arab Emirates, the Etihad Railway II phasea project, the Dubai Opera House, and the Dubai Damak Canal City (b) in Dubai, were delivered centrally.
In terms of the operation of the construction of the new city, the sports complex of the Commercial Square in the East of Algeria project, which is implemented on an integrated basis, has been successfully opened, and a cooperation agreement has been signed with the new capital city of Egypt, cbd. The new contract of $123.1 billion has been signed outside the borders of the company 2024h1.
A new breakthrough is expected in the size of offshore operations, with the same increase of 105.4 per cent, with the company ' s annual cash share of the red since it was listed in 2009, the rate of annual dividends remaining at around 20 per cent the following year, with cumulative cash dividends of $92,829 million since it was listed, representing the cumulative share.
Higher than the other seven, and supported by steady growth, it is expected that the company’s future dividends will continue to rise steadily. In terms of dividends, the company’s dividends have been growing steadily since 2017, with a rate of ttm on 2 August, standing at 4.91%, in 158 publicly listed companies in the construction industry.
8th place, higher than the level of the seven other buildings, highlights the high investment value. 4.3 Quality company valuations are to be repaired. 2024 The National Finance Committee will conduct a full market value management review of listed companies.
During the Central Enterprise and Local State Finance Committee (CIAC) assessment and allocation meeting, the State Finance Committee of the State Council indicated that it would undertake a full roll-out of the market value management appraisals of listed companies on the basis of prior pilot exploration, accumulated experience, adhere to the process and results of matching, incentive and discipline, quantify the market performance of CEC companies and objectively evaluate the market value management workers of enterprises.
In doing so, and at the same time strengthening the penalties for violations on the red line and off the bottom line, directing enterprises to pay more attention to the intrinsic value and market performance of listed companies, conveying confidence, stabilizing expectations, and giving better returns to investors. Central enterprises fully implement the “one-size-fits-all” test, integrating the differences between common quantitative indicators and individual enterprises, insisting on “one-size-fits-all”
On the basis of the profit margin, the increase reflects the functional positioning of the enterprise, industry characteristics, major tasks, etc.