Mid-2022: A breakthrough in the special integrated circuits, 22nd of August 2022.
Two hundred and fifty-five million yuan (+26.72 per cent), net profit from the mother, $1,198 million (+36.81 per cent), Māori ratio, active coordination of internal and external resources to respond to the epidemic, sustained increase in profitability.
The company actively coordinates internal and external resources around annual development goals, ensuring healthy development of the business blocks. First, special integrated circuit operations: 2022h1, demand for special integrated circuits continues to grow and companies add new ones.
Multiple production collaborations actively integrate supply chain resources, streamline production processes, ensure supply, and prepare for future demand growth. 2022H1 subsidiary Shenzhen has achieved business income, special integrated circuit innovation breakthrough: 1 company has introduced 2xnams of low power consumption fpga.
Listed products, further refined product types; 2 new generation 1 x 1 mm higher performance fpga series is also well under way; and in the case of special storage units, the company continues to maintain the most complete and technologically advanced leadership of the domestic series, with new developments in the field of Nandflash, new storage systems, etc.
Classes, leading edges continue to grow; the market share of the network bus, interface products of the 4 companies continues to grow, while new bus products will be launched; and the system-level chips of the 5 companies, represented by the special Sopc platform products, have been recognized by users and have been fully promoted to become an important source of revenue for the company.
Sources; in the area of analogue products, the company ' s market share is expanding rapidly through the serialization of a single power source, a power module, and a package of products from the perimeter of the power source, Xinlin Air Securities Ltd., which provides users with a complete set of secondary power solutions
Large. New products, such as high-speed radio frequency adc, new isolation chips, introduced by the company in the first half of the year, have also received initial approval from major users and are expected to become a new growth point for the company during the “14th Five.”1 Second generation residential identity cards and electronic travel documents, etc., have been supplied steadily.
Continue to provide a rich product selection for the global communications card chip market, publish the first Chinese networked 5gesim product, which supports two models, and participate deeply in China's mobile new generation super Sim chip, which supports the demand for innovative applications such as 5g, digital currency, digital identity, etc., representing Sim
2 With regard to financial payment for safety products, the company continues to provide a wide range of three company car code security chips to the domestic and foreign bank ' s iC card market, which are to be used in a variety of programs, such as digital car keys, car-mounted Esim, and as the 5g, car-connected, etc., evolves, the car code security chip will be larger.
Development space III. Crystalware operations: 2022h1, operating income of 136 million yuan (+4.76 per cent) from crystalware operations, 4.67 per cent revenue and 27.55 per cent Māori (+8.24 pcts).
1 Crystal Operations: During the first half of 2022, the company overcomes the effects of the epidemic, follows the national production replacement mainstream, vigorously expands the high-end market areas of network communication, object networking, automobile electronics, and actively upgrades the market supply of high-level frequency, mini-chemical component products, and achieves a smooth operating income.
High-frequency, high-precision manufacturing technology and industrial technology development, along with the development of an intelligent operating management system, the implementation of lean, digital, intelligent production, the further enhancement of integrated competitiveness, the approval of the Hebei Industrial Centre and the Hebei Department Institute of Technology for the Production of Frequency Devices. At the same time, companies have continued to increase their fixed assets.
Investment, industrial construction and technological upgrading projects were successfully implemented, with the “Palud Reconciler Industrialization Project” with an annual output of 200 million pieces of equipment, and the “Palite Reconciling Project” with an annual output of 192 million pieces of graphite resonance technology improvement project.
2-half-conductor power unit business: In the first half of 2022, companies managed to transform their operations through market layout adjustments and product structure upgrading, despite adverse factors such as the downswing of the industry cycle, the downside of traditional consumer-type markets. Companies continued to tap potential markets and expand new energy sources such as industrial controls, photovoltaic reversals, etc.
The scale of sales in this area is rapidly moving into applications such as chargeposts, vehicle-borne obcs, etc. The performance of clients above the industrial level has increased rapidly through the restructuring and upgrading of the client base, while the sales of finished products have increased significantly, further enhancing brand visibility.
The rate of increase in income and net profits in the single quarter of 2 slowed down, with q3 expected to weigh hundreds of millions (compared with +20.92 per cent in the same year) over 2022 q1 battalion (+40.84 per cent) and the rate of increase in net profit in the home, causing disturbances and impact on the company ' s product delivery chain, and it is expected that the q3 disturbance will be eliminated.
Income and net profits are expected to return to rapid growth. Special integrated circuit operations have increased their share, and the Māori rate has increased significantly.
Special integrated circuit operations increased their income by 7.46 pcts to 67.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net interest rates increased by 2.90 pcts to 41.45 per cent on the same basis, and net interest rates increased by less than Māori, mainly due to savings in the first half of the year The increase in cost rates was mainly due to labour costs and market promotion, and continued to increase investment in research and development
Maintaining a high rate of growth, mainly as a result of labour costs and increased testing inputs, with 47 per cent of the main subjects of R & D costs, with 50 per cent of M.A. and above, providing the necessary conditions for maintaining the advanced nature of the company's products and providing adequate safeguards for product upgrading and research and development of new products.
A robust balance sheet performance and a continuous improvement in the cash flow statement of hundreds of millions of yuan (more than at the end of the previous year + 35.57 per cent), mainly as a result of the increase in the volume of stock on the scale of corporate integrated circuit operations and the increase in strategic supplies;
Continued improvement, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of integrated circuit operations, increased corporate profits and sales returns, coupled with an increase in business guarantees charged by companies over the same period of the previous year.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Shenzhen National Microelectronics, is in the lead domestically in the area of special integrated circuit technology, covering seven series of more than 500 ic products (fpga, high reliability storage, high reliability simulations, bus, high reliability microprocessors, new generation Sopc chips, interface drives, power lines)
There were breakthroughs in the new 2022H1 product category: on 1fpga, the company introduced a new low-power fpga series of 2 x nanometers, further completing the product variety, and a new generation of 1xnam higher-performance fpga series is well under way;
With regard to special storage units, several types of new developments, such as ad hoc nadflash, new storage units, have continued to grow in leadership; 3 network bus, interface products continue to have a leading market share and new bus products will be launched in the same time; 4 system-level chips representing the product of the special Sopc platform have been developed
In the area of goods, the company’s market share has expanded rapidly through a series of individual power sources, power modules, and appliance products around the power source, providing users with a set of secondary power solutions. The company’s introduction of new products such as high-speed radio frequency adc, new isolation chips, etc., in the first half of the year, has also received initial approval from major users.
We believe that the expansion of these new products is expected to be a new growth for the company during the "14th Five-Year" period.
Millions of dollars, representing a small return on investment of 93 million yuan for the purple country. We believe that fpga, as a superior high-end chip with significant performance, has vast space in the fields of communications, industrial control, consumer electronics, and according to the marketresearch data, the size of the fpga global market is expected to be reached by 2025.
The value of purple co-creation as the country’s fpga leading firm cannot be ignored. There is still uncertainty about the evolution of the global epidemic; the tight capacity of crystal mills has a negative impact on the timely delivery of company orders; and the risk of price fluctuations in upstream raw materials and of less than expected product development.
Markets do not open up as much as expected. 3-fees (in billions of yuan) for the period of figure 4
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital-related and so on, will not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.