Six-monthly assessment of the Purple Light Nation (002049), 2022H1 performance report issued by the company. 2022H1, the company achieved a profit of 2.905 billion yuan, a 26.72 per cent increase, a net profit of 1.198 billion yuan, an increase of 36.81 per cent, and a net profit deduction.
The performance of 2022h1 has continued at a high rate of growth. The company achieved 2,905 million yuan in revenues for 2022h1, an increase of 26.72 per cent over the same period. Special integrated circuit revenues increased significantly during the reporting period; net return profits were realized 11.98. Special integrated circuit operations registered a significant increase in the rate and percentage of revenue received during the reporting period: 19.53.
In the reporting period, demand for special integrated circuits continued to grow. The company launched a new low-power fpga series of 2 x nanometers, further refining product types; and a new generation.
The fpga series of 1xm higher performances is also well under way. In the case of special storage units, the company continues to maintain the most complete and technologically advanced lead in the domestic series, with new developments in a variety of categories, such as special Nandflash, new storage devices, and the growing lead.
The market share of wire and interface products continues to be a leader, and new bus products will be launched. Smart security chip operations: over the reporting period, revenue was 803 million yuan, an increase of 4.11 per cent over the same period, representing 27.66 per cent of corporate revenue; the Māori rate was 41.66 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year +12.00pcts.
During the reporting period, corporate smart security chip operations continued to grow. Second generation residents’ identity cards and licensed products, such as electronic travel documents, stabilized their supply.
5 gesim products and deep involvement in China’s mobile new generation of super-sim chips, which are driven by the demand for innovative applications such as 5 g, digital money, digital identity, etc., represent a trend towards sim card products. With regard to financial payments for safe products, companies continue to raise the market for the ic card chips from domestic and foreign banks.
In addition, corporate car code security chips achieve bulk applications in a variety of programs, such as digital car keys, car-borne Esim, and as the 5g, car-networking and other scenarios evolve, there will be greater scope for a car code safety chip.
Crystal operations: achieving revenues of $136 million, an increase of 4.76 per cent, representing 4.67 per cent of corporate revenue; Māori rate of 27.55 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year +8.24 pcts. During the reporting period, companies promoted miniaturization, high frequency, high precision manufacturing and industrial technology development and built up intelligent operating management systems.
At the same time, companies have continued to invest more in fixed assets and have successfully implemented industrial construction and technological adaptation projects, with an annual output of 200 million.
5g Communication Network Equipment Industrialization Project with Stone-Girl Vibration Devices, which was successfully built through acceptance and approval of 192 million items per year.  Accounts receivable, prepaid openings, contract liabilities and rapid growth.
Long-term result; pre-payments of $533 million, an increase of 79.07 per cent over the same period; investment proposal: the company is one of the leading companies in the country in the design of integrated circuits and was the first in the country to set up smart and safe chips and high-security integrated circuits; the company's Simcard chip business is in progress.
Both the country and the global market share are among the highest. During the reporting period, corporate performance has remained high, with the risk of increased costs as a result of large price increases: informatization reforms have advanced less than expected to lead to demand, and the “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.