The mass media (002027.sz) are doing exactly as expected, and the growth is accelerating, and the mass media announced a 17.25 percent increase in income/net profit over the first nine months of the year, which is what we expected.
In the third quarter of this year, income/net profits increased by 22/11% over the same period. Management expects net profits to be equal to the average for the media sector (002027.sz) for the entire year 2017.
The media research company ctr (market research) shows that for a full description of the framework investment summary indicators for July and August of this year, see this report for an increase in advertising revenue from 11% to 20% in the first half of this year.
In the first half of the year, 19 per cent went up to more than 30 per cent. We believe that the advertising value of the separate media is increasingly favoured by advertisers, especially at a time when the cost of advertising on the Internet is rising rapidly. We expect sales to be promoted in the second round and in the new year.
As a result of the dominance of the advertising industry, companies have a stronger bargaining power, and we expect that the Maori rate will continue to improve.
Business relationships exist, and continue to seek to develop them. Investors should therefore.
Taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, the information should not be considered, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
The person who contributed to this report, Mr. Liao, cfa, we, Mr. Liao, Mr. Cfa, and Mr. Dai, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, no part of our salary has been equal to, no.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit in the regional research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of a company being acquired. Then we rate companies by one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which represents a lower probability (0%-50%).
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to be successful vis-à-vis their global counterparts in the long term, with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yinghua, cfa: a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food drinks, a share of consumer durables: Greco appliances, boss appliances, American conglomerates, Qingdao Haile, Sofia, a share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoji River shares, Mantai, Kyongzhou cellar, Qingqingqing wine, Shanxi wine, Qingdao beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) Media: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Wireless, Huaichana, Blue Cursor, South-central Media, Media Division, voivodeship shares, Hwa Soo brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Pearl, Entertainment Technology, Wanda Films, Hua Xuexia Films.
Goldman Sachs has received payments for investment banking services over the past 12 months from the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb12.12) Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek payments for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Divisional Media (rmb12.12) Goldman Sachs has had investment bank clients over the past 12 months with the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb12.12)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.