With a steady increase in income, the Māori rate has recovered.
q3’s income grew steadily, and the Māori rate recovered. Three quarters of the company’s revenue was $3.089 billion, an increase of 18.11% over the previous year’s period and 1.384 billion over the first and second quarters of the year, an increase of 11.05% over the same period.
The online media network has 1.15 million elevator posters, 220,000 elevator TVs, and 500 million people arrive every day in the city’s mainstream population. The company covers one or two main consumers in the city, and is one of the first media outlets to be launched.
Life circles are leading the media, looking at the company's long-term layout. (1) Life circles advertising, compared to traditional media, Internet media advertising, creates a mandatory view of the closed scene, a form of advertising that has a higher rate of effective arrival and recollection.
The company benefited not only from a further expansion in the size of the future market, but also from the strong bargaining power and monopoly profits of the mega-high market.
In the last six months, firms in the areas of equity versus the 300-degree equator, shared economy, etc., have accelerated ecosphere-building, which could provide an opportunity to extend existing advertising marketing networks and promotional advantages to relevant industries and achieve strategic industrial upgrading.
The pressure on shareholders has been eased, and the company's public announcements have further reduced its holdings, including: glossycity (hk), gio2hongkongholdings, powerstarholds (hk), giovanna
Investments were further reduced during the reporting period, with shares being reduced to 5.47 per cent, corporate risk including, but not limited to, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, changes in media resources leasing, increased competition in the market, the release of stocks and the risk reduction of financial investors.
The company, as a leading advertising company, has opened up areas consistent with the trend in the advertising industry, and early entry has allowed the company to accumulate a great deal of resources, gain a strong bargaining power and monopolistic profits.
At the same time, the company’s eco-circle strategy has been steadily moving forward, extending its advertising network and its broad advantages to relevant industries and expanding its capacity to interface multi-industry chains.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.