Health care and health-care equipment and services: a 40 per cent increase in the export performance of new crown reagents and a shift in business strategy towards the middle-to-high-end market event: the company published its semi-annual report in 2020 and earned 970 million yuan in operating income in the first half of the year.
The net cash flow from operating activities increased by the same amount, by 43.46 per cent to $425 million. The rapid response to the new crown epidemic led to more than 50 per cent revenue from overseas operations for the first time.
The company responded quickly after the outbreak in the country, producing new coronary antibodies in early February, and completing the first EU area access. After the outbreak abroad, new coronary antibodies were distributed to a number of countries with severe outbreaks, including Europe and the Americas, and the first half of the year was crowned.
The anti-testing agent earned $274 million and, thanks to the export of the new coronary test product, 932 items were sold in the first half of the year by the company ' s overseas operations and the cumulative sales of almost 7,000 units were made in the first half of the year.
A high-end market with high-speed opportunities, with the number of large end-users up by 12 months of peak/minimum ($) company launched a new series of chemical luminometers in late 2019.
Maglumix8, as an opportunity to increase its outreach to hospitals above 2A, with a focus on the production and marketing of hypervelocity chemical luminous immunology analysers. 611 additional chemical luminators were installed in the country in the first half of the year, of which Maglumi 4000p
And the number of maglumix8 installed is 50.41%; the cumulative sale of the maglumix8 instrumentation is 168, both domestic and foreign. Because the chemical light diagnostic system is closed, the sales of medium- and high-speed machines are higher than the average individual reagent consumption of the company.
On the client side, the number of level-III hospitals covered by the company ' s products increased by 59 to 966 from the end of 2019, of which the number of 3A hospitals covered by the company ' s products amounted to 690 and the number of 3A hospitals covered by the company ' s products amounted to 45.51%.
Profit projection and investment rating: Based on a core business portfolio analysis, we expect the Qualification Certificate code: 21st day collection is 63 times greater than in 2020. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Risks: the impact of the new crown epidemic on the company’s performance.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.