The Center for Medical Health Research, the new crown has made a elastic contribution, and the q2 export of new coronary testers, both in and out of the country, has significantly increased the expected growth in performance.
The market network and a solid customer base, q2's new coronary test agent were exported in large quantities to the Euro-American region, contributing $274 million in sales revenue, or about 28.2 per cent of total revenue, to corporate financial indicators as a whole.
1. Reagent income is a central driver of growth in performance, and the increase in reagent revenue is due to the increase in reagent revenue.
Ten thousand, more than 7,400 in the country, about 7,000 overseas, and the company's chemical luminous equipment on the domestic and foreign markets are the first to produce, and a steady increase in the loads provides a solid basis for driving reagent sales. 4000p and x8 in the first half of the year accounted for more than 50% of the additional equipment in the country, with three new units added.
Level-I hospitals have 59 clients and tri-A hospital coverage has reached 45% +. With the steady increase in the number of large- and medium-sized luminous devices installed in the country and the continuous increase in level-III hospital coverage, it is expected that the output of reagents for individual units in the country will increase gradually.
Overseas operations are expected to grow faster and are expected to contribute to greater elasticity of performance. In the first half of the year, the company’s share of domestic and overseas revenues was $430 million, $50 million, or 46 per cent, or 54 per cent, and its contribution to overseas performance exceeded that of the country for the first time.
The company is also accelerating its overseas outreach through the establishment of overseas affiliates, which are expected to continue to make a more flexible contribution.
Risks from the impact of the new crown epidemic on performance, single risk from the main business, overvalued market risk, raw material procurement risk, vendor model risk, risk from new product development and registration, risk from overseas market expansion.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment