- The new industry (300832.sz) Cao Xute business map continues to expand, and the industry's flagship position remains strong.
The coverage of high-level hospitals has continued to expand, with a total of 966 tertiary hospitals covered by company products and 45.51 per cent covered by third-level hospitals.
The load continues to lead the industry, with companies accumulated more than 7,400 external chemical luminous immune analysers, nearly 7,000 overseas chemical luminous immunoanalysis instruments, and the number of domestic and foreign loadings is the highest for national product plates.
The company ' s inventory of chemical luminous equipment continued to be optimized, and the following single-machine output was raised on a solid basis. In the first half of 2020, out of the 611 new equipment added to the company, the share of maglumix8 and 4,000prus reached 50.41%, of which the maglumix8 analytical instrument achieved cumulative domestic and foreign sales of 168, after which
The epidemic has helped to expand overseas operations faster than expected, and the company’s business plans have changed in logic or logic.
The company achieved $274 million in revenues from new coronary tests, mainly for Europe and the Americas, 932 overseas chemical luminous immune devices sold, generating an increase of 235 per cent in revenues from overseas operations, which, for the first time, represented more than 50 per cent of the company ' s total income, exceeding our previous expectations.
The rapid development of the corporate overseas business profile will bring about a new change in the corporate corporate valuation logic. Investment strategy: We expect the rapid growth of corporate overseas operations to continue in the second half of the year as the overseas epidemic continues and the domestic epidemic resumes.
1. In-depth research by New Industries: Quality Enterprises on Quality Tracks 2020-07-11 1. Business maps continue to expand the industry ' s flagship status.
The number of reagents has increased to 126. At the company’s leading diagnostic product line for immunization, there are currently 8 fully automated chemical photo-immunological analysers and 126 ancillary reagents covering the detection of swelling signs, thyroid, gland, metabolites, liver fibrosis, infectious diseases, etc.
The coverage of high-level hospitals continues to expand. The number of tertiary hospitals covered by the company ' s products has steadily increased during the reporting period, reaching 966, 59 more than at the end of 2019, of which 690 are covered by 3A hospitals and 45.51% by the company ' s products.
As of 30 June 2020, the company’s products had entered more than 6,200 hospitals and other medical institutions in the country, bringing the total number of chemical photoimmunological analysers to more than 7.400: at the overseas market, the company’s products had entered 145 countries and territories, and the cumulative sales of chemical photoimmunological analysers were nearing completion.
7.000 aircraft, both domestic and foreign, are among the top national product plates. 2. The stock instrument structure continues to optimize single machine output on a solid basis.
The company's strategy is to increase its outreach to hospitals above 2A, focusing on the production and marketing of hypervelocity chemical luminescent immunology analysers, and on upgrading the sale of high-speed machines in the company. Of the 611 new units in the first half of 2020, Maglumix8 and Maglumix8 were added to the company.
The 4000 plus ratio was 50.41%, of which the maglumix8 analytical instrument was more than ten thousand domestic and international, and the subsequent increase in the output of the company's equipment unit would be a strong incentive.
In the context of the global exposure to the new coronary epidemic ... the company, as the first company in the country to launch a new coronary chemical luminous test reagent and have been certified by e, continued to provide resistance to a number of countries with severe epidemics in Europe and the Americas during the reporting period.
Medical examination test agents, new coronary resistance test agents, were exported in large quantities in the second quarter and during the reporting period the company achieved new coronary resistance. Medical test agents earned $274 million, mainly to the European and American regions, and 932 were sold overseas chemical luminous immunization instruments, generating an annual increase of 235 per cent in overseas business income and accounting for the largest share of corporate income.
We believe that the rapid development of the corporate overseas business map, which is the engine of the epidemic, will bring about a new change in the corporate overall valuation logic. We expect that, with the continuation of the overseas epidemic and the recovery of the domestic epidemic, the rapid growth of corporate overseas operations will be expected.
The research assistant's introduction, Cheng Qiao, introduced himself, will not be relevant, nor will the future be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.