The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) over-expected performance of 21h1, storing the first wave of power. On August 28, the company released data for the first half of the year, and 2021hq achieved its operating income of 3,641 million yuan, compared to the previous year.
At the same time, the demand has led to a significant increase in the volume of product produced in tws headphones, pc, meters, surveillance, car electronics, etc.
1. "The industry continues to be high, mcu+dram brings 23 years of noor ' s new market size over $700 million. 2) Companies increase their research and development of high-performance, high-capacity, low-power-consuming products and move gradually towards medium- and high-end markets such as industry and automobiles.
In other words, 55nm products have been produced on a full-line basis, which we estimate will result in a 5-10 percentage point increase in the Māori rate.
q1 Performance is bright, promising high-growth-mixed, high-end areas such as auto metering and price increases, and we expect Mcu Mäori in 21 years to be expected 4. Multi-operational Zira, q3 performance growth is higher than expected -
Upgraded by over 7 pct to 55%. 2) Products: state-of-the-art electro-drive chips and power management chips; Successful development of first-generation wifi products of wireless lines and first-generation low-power products, expected to move to the market in 21q4; automobiles, backloading markets have been imported steadily, and preloading mocu has been successfully flowing
5. " First-time coverage report for MIG -- storage of a micro-control film, expected to achieve mass production by mid-2022. 3) The mcu industry continues to have a high profile, and we expect the volume to rise well, and the performance dream to fly both ways " , 2020.9.14.
For 22 years, while foreign manufacturers such as St have experienced tight production and accelerated production replacement, Mcu is expected to earn more than $2 billion a year, up by 180 per cent from the same year.Dram has been successfully released and there is much room for growth; 1) self-research 19nddr4 has been launched and acquired
Large client orders, 17nmddr3, expected to push by the end of the year, with a niche market space exceeding $18.5 billion; 2) capacity: the oscillation of a guaranteed share of the production capacity of the longazine, with a high degree of certainty of capacity; 3) scarcity: the public is currently the only licomotive dram manufacturer in the continent, with an advantage over the 20nm process in South Asia and China.
With the acceleration of national production, the ratio of income from self-researched dram products is expected to rise significantly in 22-23 years.Jung Xing, given the accelerated replacement of mcu, the price of nor mccu has risen; his own brand is overdrawn.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment