H1 battalion yields and net profits are at an all-time high, and the lead-up to the gold growth period is at an all-time high. The lead wins the gold growth period.)1h21: $3.6 billion, compared to 120%, and the three lines of operation are growing at a high rate, with the same rate of storage.
The Māori rate for business increased by about 3-5 pct over the same year: net profit on maternity was $790 million, or +116 per cent. Net profit on maternity was $790 million, or +116 per cent. Inventory increased by $370 million at the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of active company stock preparation, mcu: 32 absolute champions on the mainland, H1 increased by more than twice, and cars are expected to start contributing next year.
1) 21H1 achieved a revenue of 80 million yuan, a 22% increase in comparison with the previous year, a 57% increase in the ring, and is on the fast track of development. We are only about 10% below, adding trade frictions to the shortage of goods, and leading continental firms are on the way to developing the golden window period. The company is the 32 leading companies on the continent and has introduced anrmm3, m4, m23, m33 nuclear products as leaders of high-end products on the continent.
According to the official network, the company model has expanded to nearly 400, with fewer than 100 other plants on the mainland and nearly 1,000 overseas. According to ihs, the company was ranked third in the continental armmmcú market in 2018, with a city share of 9.4 per cent, followed only by large overseas plants stm and nxp.
In 2020, most of the company’s mcu products were used in consumer electronics markets such as ground-scattering robots, drones, and balanced cars, where industry accounted for a smaller share of the industry and the car code was zero. Currently, the company’s first car class has achieved volume production in its first year. In terms of industry, cars are the largest market in the mcu, accounting for 35%, and industry the second largest, accounting for 24%.
Consumers and electronics are the third largest, accounting for 18%, and high-end areas such as the Car Code mainland are monopolized by seven giants in the sea. Companies upgrade their industrial share and open up their car markets, opening up space for development, and continuously improving competitiveness.
In the near future, the major international taps have almost always indicated that the current climate can be vindicated. 5. Active expansions, including rainbows and power plants, can lead to an increase in output, adding up the advanced process to 55 nm and an increase in the number of single crystal round cuttings.
1. Deepness of innovation (603986): The noor surge is expected to last for two years.
The performance has increased significantly, looking at the mcu doubles.
1) Storage operations (including dram) yielded 2.6 billion dollars, a 98 per cent increase in the same year, and ring +32 per cent. We calculated that noor revenues could be 1.8 to 1.9 billion, a 50 per cent increase in the same year. Conservatively, it exceeds 4 billion, a 45 per cent increase in the same year. 2) Cars are fully lined up: 2m ~ 2gb capacity is now fully lined and has been picked up in a number of car enterprises.
Used, mainly for adas, communications systems, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, battery management systems, etc.) The process is steadily moving forward: the microfiche process is largely stagnant at 45 nm, and the plant has a very high volume of 75/55 nm — 48/25 nm, Wah, 58 nm — 46 nm. The company now produces 55 nm products in full-line volume and continues to shift from 65 nm to 55 nm.
4. The outlook is 2022, and optimism is expected to continue until 2023: until then, when we studied the global noor industry in depth, we thought that the high profile of the industry was expected to last until 2023 and that the company had a significant advantage against the backdrop of the continued withdrawal of American producers from the moderate phase-out of the competitive strategy of Chinese producers and the near-term end of the technological evolution of the industry, the city rate is expected to continue to rise, as described in the Noor surge.
It is expected to last for two years, looking forward to the continent’s flagship development. 5) Performance is assured: the expansion of continental-generation plants, including rainbows, is expected to lead to an increase in production capacity. It is worth noting that the first half of the year saw a rapid increase in the harvest of China’s rainbows.
306/48%. As of June, 48,000 pieces of tin-free energy had been produced, and capacity was expected to reach 65,000 mcu by the end of the year: 32 absolute leaders on the continent, with an increase of more than twice the rate of H1 battalion, with cars expected to start contributing 1 next year) and 240 million per year per year + 163 per cent per year.
2) Mergers and acquisitions have been adjusted by annual impairment tests, performances have ended with gambling) and new types of audio-optic senses have been identified, and new products such as tof, spectroscopy, etc. Trade friction between the US and China has increased, with large customers delivering less than expected.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport. Zhao Jiu Mu, Research Assistant for the Electronics Industry, joined civil electronics in 2020 and worked in foreign industry studies, Master of Economics from Edinburgh University and Economics from the University of Kwandan
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.