G.M.I.P.A. (603986) +mcu drives high corporate growth + 1 performance expected on 30/08/2021
The semi-annual performance rating of the mega-innovation showed an increase of 119.62 per cent; net return profit of $786 million was realized, an increase of 116.32 per cent over the same period.
Revenues from the Division's operational product lines increased by approximately $1,283 million for storage operations, $550 million for control operations and $148 million for sensor operations, and industry demand was strong and company lines were growing rapidly.
The company's multiple operations are moving steadily and progressing well. (1)norflash: The company continues its technical leadership and has now completed a full series of 55nm process nodes, which, together with 65nm, will become the company's main process node. In the case of automobiles, the company gd25spinorflash fully meets the specifications.
Aec-q100 certification, with 2g large-volume product of recent gd55 certified, is now fully paced with 2mb-2gb of spinor flash-grade product, which will provide the market with a national product code.
(ii) mcu: 797 million yuan in the company ' s mcu business during the first half of the year, with a constant upwards in the same atmosphere of 2021.08.26 per cent growth of 222.1 per cent, the latest volume of power-drivers and power-management chips produced by the company during the reporting period,
At the same time, the first generation of wi-fi products of the wireless line was developed; with factors such as the industry ' s lack of value, the company, “N.S.S.I.E.A.A.A.A. (603986): q1 outperforms mcu consumption (ground sweepers, iot, hemooxygens,rmostats, etc.), industry (plc control, electricity, etc.), industry (plc control, electricity)
There has been a significant increase in sales of products such as table, light communications, etc., and the first car-grade mcu product has been spilled, and we expect that the replacement process for the company ' s national production will accelerate in the light of the high profile of the industry, and that priority will be given to the benefits as the flagship of the national product mcu; (3) dram: the company ' s first autonomous brand dram (19nddr4)
It was produced in June 2021, and 17nddr3 products will be launched in the second half of the year.
In general, we expect that the company’s performance in the second half of the year will rise on a quarterly basis, with the company’s growth in the first half of the year and its performance in the third and fourth quarters.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent, and objective in presenting this report. The data that I promised to report are from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.