Self-research dram robustly, mcu depicts growth curves Events: 27 August 2021, mid-2021, Mogien Innovation Bulletin, first half of the year, corporate innovation 603986.sh
For the second quarter, companies collected 2,037 million yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 138.98 per cent; for the single quarter, the net profit was 484 million yuan, an increase of 148.03 per cent.
In the first half of the year, there were about $8.436 million worth of equity incentives, and the real business performance was even more spectacular. >The storage business performed brightly, and self-researched dram was steadily moving forward. .norflash: The entire series of products of the company ' s 55nm trade nodes were produced in volume and continued to move from 65nm to 55nm, and technology continued.
2g large-volume product gd55 has passed aecq-100 certification and spinorflash is full-lined 2m ~2gb.
Qi, the gd25 complete storage series has been introduced in a number of automobile enterprises and is mainly used in vehicle-mounted assistive driving systems, vehicle-borne communications systems, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, battery management systems, and Liu Chi, research assistant
More than a million people. The company's first 4gbddr4 product, produced in June 2021, has been certified in a variety of consumer-type applications and has been widely used in the areas of roof boxes, television, surveillance, network communications, smart home appliances, and has been actively expanding on flatboard computers, vehicle-borne sound systems, etc.
At the same time, companies have obtained orders from their dram clients in the fields of iptv, security, and consumption. As companies continue to introduce more self-research dram products, the share of proceeds from the sale of their own brand products will increase.
>mcu is above last year's year-round, depicting a fast-growing curve. The company's business of 1h21 received 797 million, an increase of 222 per cent over last year's year-round. In industry (energy power, industrial automation), medical equipment, security surveillance, auto meter, entertainment video, t-box, home power, etc.
In addition, the company will launch a four-q21 target for smart household power, iot intelligence, etc.
Wifi products for end-use applications, etc., for low-power electrical equipment such as industrial meters, medical wearables, etc. At the same time, in addition to applications already available in the back-loading market, the company mcu products are steadily entering the rules.
At present, the company’s first car-class mcu product, which is now streaming, is mainly oriented towards the general body market and is expected to provide samples for customer testing around the end of the year, with a view to achieving volume production by mid-2022.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has a robust growth of the silicon sensor, which expands the layout to take advantage of the opportunity.
In Beijing, there has been an increase in the same amount of revenue in the area of the 9th Altitude House, 9th Street, in Beijing. The company’s layout of the ai and ultrasound products, such as Tof, 3d images and blood pressure monitoring, are designed to meet the needs of mobile phones, wearables, mobile medicine, iot, etc.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: in the context of company lines, we have increased profit projections, with projected risk factors: down-scaling; increased market competition; and product rotations below expectations.
Figure 2: Māori and net interest rates for the 30-millible innovation season Figure 3: Cost during the period of the Mi innovation Figure 4: R&D costs and R&D costs
Figure 5: MIXI quarterly collections and operating cash flows Figure 6: MIXI quarterly net profits and operating net cash flows Figure 7: MIXI quarterly inventory and working days
Figure 8: Micro-innovation accounts receivable and swing days Competition between Xian University of Electronics and Technology, nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, experience in leading enterprises such as a Texas instrument, familiarity with semi-conductor and consumer electronics, and sponsor of coffee 1c, a well-known semi-conductor business incubator in the country, and assistance to several semiconductor companies
Third place in the new wealth electronics industry; second place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and third place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19; Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, in 2018, in South-West securities, in 2020, and in the semiconductor industry chain; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, in the electronics sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.