The strong trend towards strong demand for noor, mcu and high performance of h1 continued, with strong demand for product lines and diversified supply chains securing productive capacity.
A 120 per cent increase was mainly due to strong demand for corporate products and increased revenue from product lines, with storage operations increasing by approximately $1,283 million, microcontrol operations by about $550 million, and sensors operations by about $148 million. In terms of performance security, companies have developed good practices with multiple suppliers.
In good partnership, new products are imported as intended, supply lines are stable, and the company’s capacity is expected to grow throughout 2021. The “mcu department store” is gradually better configured to inject a new growth dynamic into the company’s development.
The 32bitmcu leader in the country, benefiting from strong downstream demand, achieved $797 million in mcu products in the first half of the year, an increase of 222.1 per cent in the same year, with good growth in industry, medical equipment, security surveillance, automobile instruments, entertainment sound, t-box, and domestic electricity.
As you can see, the company has now successfully produced 28 generic mcu series, which provide customers with a rich choice of capabilities and capacity, such as entry, mainstream, high performance, etc., and is the first global launch of 32-bit generic mcu products based on kernels in risc-v. In addition, the company’s first car code class mcu product
The product is already streaming, and the product is mainly oriented towards the general body market, and it is expected that samples will be available by the end of the year for testing by clients, aiming to achieve production by mid-2022.
Goods (19nm, 4gb) were produced in June 2021, mainly in niche markets, and planned ddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4, in 19nm, 17nm, with a capacity of 1gb~8gb. Currently, 17ndddr3 products are under active development. In niche markets, companies dram
The product maintains an altruistic advantage in the process process, which helps to reduce the cost of the product. The company’s close collaboration with the long-sleeved stock provides a stable performance guarantee for the company’s dram products.
Over the years, well-developed marketing networks and technical teams have enabled companies to provide rapid localised service response and technical support to their clients.
Considering mcu, noor ' s strong demand, increased profitability, adjusted companies ' 21-23 years of ps to q3 q3 high performance growth, noor optimism
The industry has a less-than-expected outlook, new products are less advanced than expected, and production capacity is less-than-expected.