The risk of a drop in storage price has been reflected and the value of the purchase has been low.
After a significant increase in storage prices since 2q21, 3q21 is expected to undergo short-term adjustments in spot prices for products represented by 2h21 with cooling or diffusing demand, such as nb (due to long-term problems). Only in the industry, noorflash benefits from 5g applications and iot demand, while at the same time remaining strong.
The company, as the domestic norflash flagship, has accelerated its expansion to the mcu, nad, dram, and sensor areas, and the rich product mix has given the company more room for growth.
The high-point adjustment exceeds 30%, and we believe that the risk of falling storage prices has been reflected, while the higher-than-high-noorflash landscape in the corporate product mix remains, so it is expected to be only 44 times higher in 2022, with a lower estimate, giving a buy-in rating.
After a significant increase in storage prices since then, 3021 has been adjusted for the spot price of storage products due to cooling or deferred demand, such as nb (due to long-term problems). For a breakdown of industry, while dram spot prices have been weak, noorflash benefits from 5g applications and iot demand, while still buoyant.
Supply growth has been limited and the climate is expected to remain high. 790 million yuan, or 116.3 per cent more than year-on-year, of the net return profit, the combined Māori rate of 1h21 was 40.3 per cent; the net interest rate was 21.6 per cent, which is almost the same as in the previous year.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.