Quality improvements in the scale expansion assets, Beijing Bank (601169), evaluation report, 04/09/2023
The Beijing Bank issued its mid-term performance report for 2023. Net return profits increased by 4.89 per cent in the first half of 2023: Beijing Bank achieved 4.89 per cent in the first half of 2023, compared to 4.89 per cent in the first half of the year. Performance increased significantly in the first quarter of the second quarter.
Improved, lower credit costs release profits. The scale expansion has increased significantly, and the quality of assets has continued to improve: by the end of June 2023, the total assets of the Beijing Bank had grown by 13.5%, the total loans had increased by 11.3% and the total deposits had increased by the same amount.
There has been a significant increase in new credit lending in Jiangsu and Shandong. There is a relatively large increase in manufacturing, leasing, and business services in terms of new regulations for the public sub-prime sector. By the end of June 2023, the banks in Beijing had poor rates, interest rates, overdue rates of 1.34 per cent, 1.5 per cent and 1.67 per cent, respectively.
At the beginning of the year, the quality of assets will continue to improve on the lower lines of 9bp, 11bp and 59bp, respectively. On the provision side, the phasing out, and the addition of more focused and high-quality areas, we expect the overall quality of assets to be preserved.
Shortening 23bp, where the downside rate of return on assets is a major influence, interest-bearing asset rate of return Management increases confidence in strategic transitions by 20bp below the same level. At the end of the liability, interest-bearing liabilities are paid by 4bp below the same level, with savings paid at the same rate
Given the downside of lpr and stock mortgage adjustments, it is expected that there will still be downward pressure on the net difference. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Beijing’s assets expanded faster in the first half of 2023.
Increased credit focus on high-quality areas, with expected asset quality expected to continue the positive trend. Net interest, corresponding to 0.38 times pb in 2023, maintains an increased rating. Risk factors: the banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary and regulatory policies
Large, economic and related policy changes will have a significant impact on the operations of banks, including changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, etc.