Tianchi material (002709.sz): The electrolytic liquid tap business benefited from a rise in the lithium-based climate.
2. The company benefits from the lithium hexafluoride gas recovery. 3. The company benefits from the electrolyte industry.
4. The cleaning market has been growing steadily, and the gifted material is the electrolytic liquid taps. The company was established in June 2000 to operate two major plates: lithium ion cell materials, solar materials and special chemicals.
The Tian Chi material was listed on the mid-shenzhen board in February 2021, and consolidated on the main board in February 2021; in 2021, the market value of the material was 100 billion and the integrated layout led to a rapid rise in the market. The sales of lithium ion cell fluids for the gift material have been leading the world since 2015, and industry leaders have been stronger, rising from 28.8 per cent in 2021 to 36.4 per cent in 2023, yielding more than 390 million tons in 2023. In 2021, lithium ion cell electrolysis products won a single national manufacturing champion. As of November 2025, the company ' s largest share was in the industry.
Figure: Tianxian material share structure map (as of November 2025) 15 production bases in the country. Tianxian material now has 15 production bases in the country. Xijiang Chi is the largest production base in Jiangxi province and the largest liquid lithium hexafluorate manufacturing base in the world.
Domestic production bases are located in the Yangtze region, where the country is exposed to radiation. In 2020, the gift materials gradually established subsidiaries in the United States, Germany, Morocco, Singapore, and laboratories in the Republic of Korea to speed up the process of globalization and internationalization.
Tian Chi currently owns 41 fully-owned subsidiaries and 14 holding companies with more than 6,700 personnel.
In 2024, the company collected $110 million in lithium ion battery products and $11.05 million in personal nursing materials products, respectively, a decline of 22.2 per cent in the same year and an increase in the same year in lithium ion battery materials, and an increase in personal nursing material products.
In the new energy field of power cells and storage units, companies focus on the development of materials such as lithium, solid electrolyte in sodium batteries, electrolyte, electrodes, adhesives, edge coatings for new energy vehicles to provide customers with long-range, high safety and fast charge solutions.
In the area of beautiful and healthy materials, solid-state battery material is expected to be completed by mid-test line construction in 2026. The company's layout of solid-state battery material consists mainly of sulphide and oxide solid electrolyte routes, the current solid sulphide route, the electrolysis phase, which is mainly associated with the technical verification of materials by downstream battery customers, and the ongoing development of medium-test line construction, which the company plans to complete by 2026.
Based on the company’s investor platform of 31 October 2025, the solid electrolysis of the company’s sulphide route is in a trial phase, which is mainly associated with the technical verification of materials by downstream battery customers, and has not yet resulted in large-scale production. The use of lithium carbonate recovery should be sufficiently and gradually increased to meet the requirements of relevant regulations, such as the European Batteries Act, for the use of recycled materials.
Figure: The company has a mansion station and an electrolytic engineering laboratory.
3. The company benefits from the regressing of the electrolyte industry 4. Lithium hexafluorate can be used as a lithium ion cell electrolyte in the steady market for washing.
Lithium hexafluorophosphate is an inorganic substance that is soluble in water and organic solvents like low concentrations of methanol, ethanol, acetone, carbonate, etc. Lithium hexafluorophosphate is the most important component of the electrolyte composition, accounting for about 43% of the total electrolyte cost. Lithium hexafluorate is decomposed when exposed to air or when heated. Lithium hexafluoride is rapidly dissipated in air by water vapours, resulting in white smoke from pf5. Lithium hexafluorate is released.
Lithium ion cell electrolysis, mainly used in lithium ion power cells, lithium ion storage cells and other daily batteries, and in the near medium-term non-renewable lithium ion cell electrolysis. Lithium hexafluorate is the core electrolytic lithium salt of the lithium ion cell electrolysis fluid, which is the most performing electrolytic material integrated in the current commercial electrolytic fluid, whose purity, stability directly determines the ion conductivity of the electrolyte, the electrochemical window and the very low temperature properties of the cell.
Lithium hexafluorate development history: potassium hexafluorate development history.
The government successively introduced policies to promote the new energy industry law, followed by a Japanese-American monopoly for 60 years, with a price of 1 million yuan per ton of lithium fluorophosphate for overseas hexafluoride.
The heat of the car market, the increase in power cell production, and the high revenues generated by the producers of lithium acid. In 2008, the supply structure of lithium hexafluoride was very rapid.
It was the first time that lithium hexafluorate crystals were developed to break the trend in China's consumption of hexafluoride electron towards power cells, where lithium phosphate was monopolized.
Built, budded, 2010-2015
Senda chemistry, Kanton electrocution, Sutterakemifa, South Korea, new energy car market, environmental impact of the global market.
The decline began, leading to an overexploitation of the capacity of lithium hexafluoride, mainly from the price of lithium hexafluoride, from polyfluoride, Guangzhou, and Tianjin.
Cows and the Taiwan Group in Taiwan, with a total capacity of 850t/a, have not yet fallen, but as the downstream market continues to grow to the capacity of a company in Kandong, Japan.
...the future market size of lithium hexafluoride is still on the trend. Lithium perfluorophosphate process includes hydrofluoride solvents and organic solvents.
The lithium hexafluorate process consists mainly of hydrofluoride solvents and organic solvents, with organic solvents and hf solvents used by more than 80% of the manufacturing enterprises. The lithium hexafluoride industrial chain covers upstream fluorites, the collection and processing of raw materials such as hydrogen fluorine, middle- and middle-stream lithium hexafluorate production and electrolytic preparations, and downstream battery manufacturing and applications. The stable operation and efficient synergy of the entire industrial chain are linked in areas such as the safeguarding of electric cars.
Sustainable development is essential. The lithium hexafluoride industrial chain consists mainly of upstream fluorine collection and preparation of basic raw materials (phorate pentafluoride, lithium carbonate, hydrogen fluorine) with major participants such as Zhejiang Sanme, Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia Packed Steel Links, and the major middle-swain manufacturers use upstream materials to prepare lithium hexafluorate as an important soluble material in electrolyte production, with major participants including a large number of fluorine, Guangzhou Tinchi and Jiangsu Shintai materials.
Participating downstream in the assembly of power cells and ultimately serving in the new energy car market, with major participants such as Ningde, PIFdo and Guangzhou Tianxiang: flow chart of the lithium hexafluoride process (organic solvent approach) Figure: flow chart of the lithium hexafluoride process (fluorinated hydrogen solvent approach)
The main reason for the stable and concentrated pattern of competition in the lithium hexafluoride industry, which is a technical, financial and customer barrier, is that there are three main barriers to the industry: first, the technical barriers. Lithium hexafluorate is extremely demanding and difficult to process for raw materials, both lithium fluorine and hydrofluoric acid.
In the case of the fluorine industry, which is a dangerous industry, it is difficult to control production safely. In the absence of the corresponding technology and safe production environment, enterprises are a financial barrier. The production of lithium hexafluoride requires high technical and environmental requirements, the new environmental safety approval process is long, and the project requires substantial funding. In addition, the upgrading of the effective production capacity of lithium hexafluoride usually takes about two years, the product extension cycle is long, and the entrants must have a long return cycle.
Capacity, with sufficient funds to support the need for later expansion. Third, customer barriers. Because of the high technical barriers to lithium hexafluorate, the main increase is in a pool of technologically mature, high-quality, customer-stable firms.
The supply of lithium hexafluoride in our country increased by 9.29 million tons in 2024, or 9.32% in the same year, and by 18.38 million tons, or 33.12% in the same year.
The global main producers of lithium hexafluoride are concentrated in Asia, particularly China, Japan, and South Korea. According to the White Paper on the Development of Lithium hexafluorophosphate in China (2025), published by research institute vtank, the hexafluorphosphoric acid industry in China is overcapacity in 2024, according to high-tech lithium (ggii) data.
In 2023 and 2024, a large number of planned productive capacity remained stagnant, with the majority of enterprises operating at a rate of less than 70 per cent, with the exception of a small number of head enterprises.
In 2025-2027, 239,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate were added to the future capacity of lithium hexafluorate, the main enterprises including gifted materials, polyfluoride, and lithium hexafluoride, the main ones including gifted materials, polyfluoride and quartz, which accounted for 24 per cent and 13 per cent of the country ' s total capacity, respectively.
And 8%. The current pattern of competition in China’s lithium hexafluoride market is dominated by three ladders of dynamic and market-driven ladders, headed by polyfluoride and gifted materials. Large companies actively deploy upstream raw materials to enhance their own cost control, and the distribution of the materials carbonate lithium, lithium fluoride, sulphuric acid, hydrofluoride, pentafluoride, etc., covers almost all of the raw materials for lithium salt, with a multifluoride pentachlorinated phosphorus self-supporting.
The demand for lithium hexafluoride continues to grow. Lithium hexafluoride is growing at a composite rate of approximately 69.08 per cent. The demand for lithium hexafluoride is continuing to be good in the end-stock market, with significant increases in domestic and foreign demand, with some battery-end companies moving on to the first half of next year. Hydrolyte enterprises are continuing to grow and demand for raw materials is strong.
The demand side continues to favour the market. But the current price transfer is slow, there is an increase in upstream and downstream game activity, and end-state prices for raw materials are not as high as in the preceding period. The domestic and foreign storage markets are hot, battery billing pressure increases, and billing schemes are tight.
Figure: Increased demand for lithium hexafluoride (tonnes) for the lithium hexafluoride industry, driven by new-energy cars, increased demand at the end of the demand side, increased penetration of new-energy vehicles, increased demand for lithium hexafluorphosphate. 2024, China ' s new-energy automobile production
The country ' s new energy vehicle sales, which reached 1,243,000 and 1,1228,000 vehicles, respectively, increased by 35.2 per cent and 34.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, and new energy vehicles, which reached 46.1 per cent of the total new vehicle sales, rose from 65gwh to 780gwh, a compound annual increase of 51.3 per cent, according to ggii, 2018-2024, and from 477gwh, an increase of 49 per cent.
On the demand side, the stock market boom led to a rapid rise in the demand for lithium hexafluoride. According to ggii, the volume of lithium batteries shipped from our reserves increased from 9.5 gwh to 335gwh in 2019-2024, with a compound increase of 103.9% in the third quarter of 2025.
430 gwh, an increase of 99.07% over the same year, is expected to bring the total volume to over 580 gwh, an increase of more than 75% over the year. 6f demand for new energy vehicles and storage capacity has been increased, from 2020 to 2025h1, and 6f demand has been increased from 45% to 56% for China ' s lithium power cell and 6f for China ' s lithium storage capacity.
Figure: Changes in China ' s 6f demand structure Reserves as a proportion of China ' s 6f demand are expected to continue to rise
▪ 6f (tons) of lithium power cell consumption  6f (tons) of lithium storage cell consumption  6f (tons) of lithium hexafluoride consumption in other areas
As of 17 November, the market price for lithium hexafluoride stood at 13.5 million yuan per ton, an increase of 12.5 per cent in the past week, or 80.0 per cent in the past month, a rise of 141.1 per cent, compared with the previous year, and a sharp increase in the price of lithium hexafluoride, which, with the exception of long-term low order prices for individual large plants, followed largely current price fluctuations, the price of general market orders became more innovative, and there was still a strong upturn in raw materials.
End-of-end prices have increased, demand has continued to support lithium hexafluoride prices strongly, and market prices have risen significantly. The spot stand-off unit price continues to hit high levels and there are signs of high prices passing to large prices. The demand is growing in the field, and high prices are not only an isolated phenomenon.
As at 14 November 2025, the inventory of the lithium hexafluoride industry in China stood at 0.130,000 tons, an increase of 58.28 per cent over the same period. The stock of enterprises is low and is basically a swing stock. Most orders in the industry are concentrated on large terminals, with higher consumption levels, and companies produce more than consumption.
The current situation is difficult to change during the year. Figure: Lithium hexafluoride plant stock in China (tonne tons)
The lithium hexafluorate industry balance sheet for supply and demand.
The company benefits from the re-emergement in the electrolytic industry.
Lithium cell electrolyte is the carrier of cell ion transmission. It is typically composed of lithium salt and organic solvents. The electrolyte functions as a transfer ion between lithium cells, positive and negative, and is a guarantee that lithium ion cells have the advantages of high voltage, high relative energy, etc. The electrolyte is typically based on high purity organic solvents, electrolysis lithium salt, necessary additives, etc., and is proportionally formulated under certain conditions.
Electrolytic fluid, additives, regular lithium salt.
New lithium salt, new solvents, conventional solvents.
Imbrane additives ethylene carbonate ec ethylene carbonate ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Libf4 Dimethylcarbonatedmc lico4
Low-temperature additive diethyl aciddec Lipf6
Liasf6 Multiplier Adder
Superfilled additive Polycarbonatepc flame retardant additive
Electrolytic fluids are used mainly in power cells, 3c batteries and storage energy.
Our market price for electrolyte increased by 63.44 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as at 14 November 2025, our market for electrolyte had averaged 30.4 million yuan per ton, an increase of 8.57 per cent in the past week and an increase in the rate of start-up in the electrolyte industry in the last month.
In 2024, we had an effective capacity of 54.574 million tons in the electrolyte industry, an increase of 20.01 per cent in the same year and 13.295 million tons in the same year, an increase of 30.60 per cent in the same year, and a rate of 44.73 per cent, an increase of 13.07 percentage points in the same year, in the electrolyte industry.
Our main enterprises in the electrolysis industry, which consists mainly of the gifted materials, the New Zeus State, etc., include the gifted materials, the New Zeus State and Ishi Dae-hwa, which account for 14 per cent, 6 per cent and 5 per cent of our total production capacity, respectively, and the concentration will increase further.
Figure: Energy patterns in our electrolytic fluid industry, our new capacity in the electrolytic fluid industry, as of November 2025, our new capacity in electrolytic fluids was 58955,000 tons.
Table: Additional production capacity of our electrolytic fluids. As at 14 November 2025, our electrolyte plant stock stood at 2,500 tons, an increase of 0.6 per cent from the same period.
The price of the electrolyte liquid product is tied to lithium hexafluoride, with different customers adjusting to market prices based on past prices, taking into account the price range between third parties, and some orders of the Association of Governors are re-pricing with customers in line with market price changes.
The company ' s battery material solution covers more than ten loads of lithium cell electrolyte in solid materials, electrolytes and additives, based on a strong foundational chemical capacity and process accumulation, and captures business opportunities in the lithium cell industry chain.
An integrated layout strategy based on electrolyte raw materials has been developed through the autonomous development of core electrolytic raw materials and additives such as liquid lithium hexafluorate, lifsi, vc, dtd, lithium difluorophosphate. Along the strategic lines of the integrated layout, the layout has been accompanied by positive and front-loaded materials, positive and negative antipolar glues, rubber products for lithium batteries, and battery regenerative operations, with powerful platform research and development and circular economy among business plates.
The battery material regeneration operations are currently focused on the recovery of lithium phosphate batteries.The battery material reclamation operations of the company are currently focused on the recovery of lithium phosphate batteries and have largely achieved the realization of lithium phosphate batteries such as lithium, iron, phosphorus, fluorine, nickel, cobalt.
Figure: The solution for recycling of used batteries gives a picture of lithium: The advantage of recycling technologies for used lithium batteries is given by God to establish an agreement with Ripland and the National High School for the purchase of electrolytic fluids.
On September 23, 2025, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xijiang Tianxin Gaeon Materials Ltd., and Ripland (0666.hk), entered into an agreement to purchase no less than 800,000 tons of electrolyte products from Xijiang Tianxiang from the date the agreement came into force until December 31, 2030. The order was scheduled for five years and one season, with an average annual supply of no less than 150,000 tons.
According to the annual 2024 report, the annual sale of the gifted material exceeded 500,000 tons of the electrolyte in 2024, an increase of about 26% over the same year. As of October 2025, the total annual capacity of the gifted material was about 860,000 tons, and in 2026 new projects were launched, including 200,000 tons of electrolytic fluid in Jiangmen.
On 6 November 2025, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xijiang Tianjiang New Materials Ltd., signed an annual procurement contract with the co-facilitator, Xinggau High Power and Energy Co. Ltd. The agreement provided for the purchase of an estimated total of 870,000 tons of electrolyte products from Xijiang Tianjin in 2026-2028.
3. The company benefited from the rise in the electrolyte industry.
In 2024, China’s cosmetics market was 77,464.5 million yuan, a decline of 2.83% from the previous year, the second largest in the world. The cost level of residents’ consumption was influenced by factors such as rising levels of consumption and new regulations for cosmetic efficiency, and the country’s cosmetics industry has shown a clear trend towards high-end and efficiency in recent years.
Make-up is expected to become the next brand-driven hot track, one of the major trends in future cosmetics markets. According to Fortunebusiness events, the global cosmetics market, valued at $33.95 billion in 2024, is expected to grow from $354.68 billion in 2025 to $5,562.21 billion in 2032, with a compound annual growth rate of 6.64% over the projected period.
North American and European markets tend to saturate, and sulphate-free protection accounts for an increasing share of the market; Asia and Africa will show strong growth. America’s repressive approach to China’s policy, China’s future trade will have some impact on Japan’s exports of raw materials to the US market, and solarized companies will need to build more dimensions in their fierce market competition in line with the trend of the times.
(c) At the same time, solar materials are also widely used for the cleaning and care of daily homes, clothing and clothing, and downstream products are used for the cleaning of hard surfaces such as sanitary baths, kitchens, etc.
The company’s day-care series consists mainly of personal care, makeup and home cleaning and broad-matter care. Of these, the personal care series consists mainly of a fluid modification series, a surfactant series, a whole cattle series and a silicone series.
The products are used to provide innovative solutions in the field of personal care products, household goods, and household goods. Kapom ranks second in the industry.
At present, with 5,000 tons of capacity, the company is also the world’s largest producer of gender surfactants. For many years, the Sunny Sun has served a world-renowned clientele, working together to develop and supply key raw materials, and continuously expanding the market share of international mnc, such as Olya, Bocture, and Unilever.
Table: Introduction to the company’s solar system of solutions. Tian Chi material for personal care and cosmetics in the country’s leading enterprise. The Tian Chi material industry has its headquarters in Guangzhou and has factories in Huang Po, Kojiang, Tianjin, Anhui, Fukuoka, etc.
One of the leading producers of nursing products and cosmetic raw materials has gained the trust of many well-known firms, both within and outside the country, with a stable, balanced and reliable product guarantee, and has become a close partner in the localization of multinational companies. Currently, the Department of Day-to-day Materials Care focuses on four main areas: washing, skin care, makeup and pet home care, providing gender/aminoate surfactants, organic silicon elastics/wax/
A range of sophisticated chemical products, such as emulsifiers, Capom, and ion modifiers, cover a wide range of functions required by the product. The base for the production of Xijiang materials covers approximately 100 acres, the lake mouth is close to 3,000 acres of heavy-duty bases, the Tianjin production base is focused on the Blue Moon and Bounty, has extensive experience in the supply of solar and cosmetic materials, and has provided advisory services on the establishment of production systems and on the quality control of suppliers to a number of well-known national brands, significantly improving the non-necessary economic losses of many brands and factories.
The Department specializes in energy conservation, environmental protection, and safe new processes, and produces more moderate, safer, more suitable personal care and cosmetics products.
Figure: Daily Materials Daydone Material Base. TianCents for electrolyte liquid taps 2. Benefiting from lithium hexafluorate gas recovery.
The company benefited from a boom in the electrolytic industry.
The project in Morocco is expected to be operational in the first half of 2028. The company, through the project company, plans to invest 150,000 tons of electrolyte products and their key raw materials in Morocco annually, amounting to 1 billion Moroccan dirhams (approximately 2.03 billion yuan). The project company is committed to making the project operational within five years of the entry into force of this agreement. Investors are committed to creating a stable number of jobs in Morocco by 2028.
The project in the United States is expected to be completed in 2027. Under the name of the gifted material, Texas Tianxing Materials Ltd., the project is planned to build an advanced manufacturing base at the tgs cedaport industrial park in Beton, Texas. The project code-named "ProjectLion" (projectlon) has been prepared for several years, with a total investment of $102.5 million. According to the Texas Licensing Authority (tdlr) documentation (preliminary programme, which may be adjusted as the project progresses).
Advanced electrolytic fluid production units. At this plant in Houston, the gift material is expected to be supplied in the future with local chemical materials for electric car battery plants in the North American region (e.g. Tesla, Ford, General and its Batteries Joint Venture); prior to that, the company had signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Honeywell in North America to co-improvise the production of about 200,000 tons of electrolyte per year and the production line of approximately 100,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride per year, and the layout of the Houston plant would be a gifted material extension.
Important initiatives in the North American market: Table: Texture Morocco and United States project progress (2) in summary tables;
(1) The collection period for the calculation of the valuation indicator in the table is 14 November 2025; the expansion of industrial capacity and increased competition; and the risk of friction in trade between China and the United States
The risk of price fluctuations in major raw materials, the risk of technological upgrading, the risk of underperformance of the project.
The industry covers the chemical industry and the new materials industry.
1) Chemical & Fertilizers: Toyo Group, Wufeng Group, Sanjiang Chemical Group of China, Ping Lin Chengshan, China Petroleumization, Lottery New Energy, Tiande Chemical, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, Centralized Fertilizer, Migau Group; 2) Energy & Utilities: Xin Oo Energy, Yangjiang Capital Group, Honghua Group, China Sea Oil Field Services, An
East Oil Field Services, Xuyang Group, China; 3) Colored & Materials: Global New Materials International, China Union, Honghashi, Hong Kong Gold Group, Kwan Kwan Kwan Kim, China Guang Nuclear Mines, Shin Yi Hae-yeon.
We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that.