Ningde Age Depth Series (II): The Ding Dynasty (300,750.sz)
Continuous evolution of supply chains, opening up space for globalization Investment rating: buying (maintaining) • working with suppliers to build the strongest supply chain
The Ninder era is a global power cell leader, with the cost advantage of a heavy weight weapon that companies counter-balance with the overseas battery giants. We believe that its strict control, fine management and co-development of the supply chain create a powerful cost advantage. In a new cycle of new energy cars, we look at the Ninder era and the growth of its suppliers.
The company is expected to sell global power batteries in 2020-2022 to 43.22/77.56. The company is expected to take China’s high-quality supply chain to the global level and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The Ningde era has the strongest supply chain management system, and from the Ningde era ' s 2019 suppliers, we believe that the criteria for screening our suppliers are: 1) product quality and consistency; 2) continuous downgrading; 3) supply capacity and co-development capacity. At this point, the Ningde era ' s decline will is stronger, and high value for money is sifting.
The key criteria for selecting suppliers may be an increase in the market share of second-line manufacturers with a stable output capacity. Moreover, the Ninder era product has been used for high-end series models overseas, the product structure will be upgraded, the demand for high-end raw materials will be increased or raised, and the companies concerned will increase their prices.
Industry chains have evolved together to move to global markets, and clusters of industries that have been at the heart of the Ningde era have been formed, with large purchases in the Ningde era and into the Ningde era.
Corporate Information Update - 2020q2 performance is overstretched, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the pre-existing share of small-scale suppliers such as China Technology, China Electric supply expectations in the Ningde era, and to the growth of overseas operations -
In addition, high-quality suppliers such as Entei shares, Lui Tailai, and the gifted material will follow the Ningde era into the mainstream overseas vehicle supply chain system: on the one hand, to enjoy the incremental dividends and, on the other hand, to enhance their ability to evolve, the Corporate Information Update - to invest in industry.
Chain evolution, Lithium Power Re-departure - 2020.8.12. Corporate Information Update - Entering the Luxury Vehicle-type Supply Chain, Europe ' s Market Expected
Power cell supply chain theory: a balance between cost and quality is sought, and the Ningde era will take less than 10 years to become a global leader on the high-tech barrier of power cells. We believe that the Ningde era’s advantage over most companies in the industry is that: 1) management’s strategic vision;
2) Technicians’ know-how capabilities and continuous innovation in power cell production; 3) company’s voice in the power cell production chain. The selection, management and co-development of upstream suppliers in the Ninder era are important advantages of product control and cost control.
For power cell manufacturing companies, the management of upstream suppliers has two main purposes: 1) to safeguard quality. During the discharge process, an electrochemical reaction occurs inside the lithium cell, the size of which is a nanograde lithium ion, through the diaphragm and the electrolytic fluid, which reacts within the pros and cons, so that the key material is positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolytic.
The quality of the raw material has a greater impact on the quality of the lithium battery and on the quality of its manufacture. And each material does not have a quality problem; otherwise it can easily trigger a chain reaction, causing the battery to fail as a whole.) Lower costs. The power cell system has the highest cost of all parts of the new energy vehicle, and the power cell plant.
Businesses have been under constant downward pressure from downstream firms. How to successfully upload downside pressure to ensure self-interest is a test of supply-chain management.
Decentralized procurement: the share of procurement by the top five suppliers in the Ningde era was below industry levels, and there were multiple suppliers of all types of raw materials in order to keep suppliers in check with each other.
2) Co-development: The Ninder era itself has a deep record of research and development in upstream materials, usually working with suppliers to develop new materials, improve product quality, and advance technological advances in upstream materials.
In the positive area, Ningde sold its positive suppliers a three-dollar pre-drive drive. 4) Industrial clusters formed: the five power cell production bases currently in the Ningde era were mainly Fujian Ningde, Jiang Su-yang, Qing Hae-jin, Sichuan Yi-Bing (under construction), and Turingen, Germany (under construction).
Production-base construction plants to reduce transport costs and increase responsiveness. 1.1. Vendor screening first: quality and consistency of products pre-empted by industry leaders and atl suppliers of the Ninder era.
Pool manufacturing has a greater impact, and the quality and consistency of the product is the first step in the screening of suppliers in the Ningde era. In order to ensure the quality of raw materials, early Ningde suppliers were mostly industry leaders or those tested atl. 1.2. Vendor screening second step: cost considerations
The Ninder era's screening criteria for suppliers have changed. The Ningde era became the leading global power cell producer in 2017. For domestic markets, Ningde's products have become widely accepted in the market and are moving beyond market development to economies of scale, thus increasing the demand for suppliers' decline and the product nature of suppliers.
The country’s lithium electricity industry has evolved, giving rise to a “high-value” number of second-line producers. Benefiting from the progress of the domestic lithium electricity industry, most companies in the country have gradually narrowed the quality gap between their products and those of their leading firms abroad, even beyond overseas dragons.
In addition, most enterprises have evolved technologically, technologically and technologically, and have expanded upstream, with significant increases in cost control, with product value ratios generally higher than those of overseas companies. Thus, now 100% of Nender-era suppliers have been nationalized, a trend that is most evident in the membrane chain, and in other ways, Ningde-era has increased second-line access.
(1) In 2019, the suppliers of titanium phosphate were Defonami, Hunan-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Nu, Hubei-Yu-Nu-Nu-Ni, and Betel-Ri. In 2019, Hunan-Yu-Yu-Nu-Nu did not appear among the top five suppliers in the North Pole. Hunan-Hu-Hu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu was the company with electrochemical participation, and Ningdh-Yu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu, via fully-owned subsidiaries, sought to invest in H-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N.
In addition, according to the Ningde era credit note, Te Fung was the fourth largest buyer in the Ningde era in 2016 (the leading company, Lithium Phosphate material). The North was the fourth largest producer in 2019, but did not deliver to the Ningde era.
(2) In 2019, the suppliers of the negative poles were Ishigami Sang-tae, Dong Kae-jin, Sugi-gi, Guangdong East Island, Star City graphite (Chinese Electric Company), Betre, Feng Fong-hwa, Jiang Xi-yi-Yiao, Jiang Xiao-yi-Yi (Sing Tai-lai Company), among whom Ishi Ji-tae and Guangdong Island held indirect shares in the Ning-de era. We analyzed that, in terms of negative pole procurement, Ning-de also took place in the Ning-de era.
According to the company ' s offer, the fourth largest buyer of Ningpogi was supplied with graphite material in 2015 (the fourth in total and the first in negative material suppliers). In 2019, Ningpogi was supplied with only 13% of the negative material.
In the area of diaphragms, in order to reduce costs while benefiting from an increase in the manufacturing capacity of domestic diaphragm manufacturers, Ninder was able to complete a 100% conversion of national production on behalf of suppliers.
The suppliers were mainly Toyo Ri and Koreansk, and a small part were purchased from the domestic manufacturer Engye (who became a supplier in 2015); the central lithium of Hunan (who became a supplier in 2017); and the star-source material (who supplied wet-coated diaphragms in 2019), while the diaphragm suppliers of the Ningde era were all in-country diaphragms in 2019.
High-value prices favored the Ningde era by the supplier of the product 2.1, and iron lithium is a cost-effective supply of Defonami, which was purchased in 2019 in the Nind era in the amount of approximately 37,000 tons, mainly from Defonami, Hunan Yuen,
Four companies, Hubei and Bettere. Among them, Defonami, Betry, and Hubei, are the first, third, and five countries with the highest volume of iron and lithium. In terms of production processes, all mainstream producers use solid phase methods, with the exception of Devonami, which uses liquid phase methods.
(1) Devonami: The pioneer of the method of synthesizing the liquid phase from the thermal evaporation, Defonami, is the country’s main source of solid phosphate, with low production costs and good product stability. Founded in 2007, the company’s founder, Kei Qi, has accumulated deep in the field of nanomaterials.
The successful application of nanotechnologies to the synthesis of phosphate lithium has led to the invention of a self-heated evaporation liquid phase synthesis. Compared to the traditional solid method, the Act ' s synthesis steps are simplified, less energy-consuming, and the synthetic products are of a higher quality and have a better product range.
In 2014, Defonami entered the Ningd era supply chain system and became the largest supplier of phosphate lithium in the Ningd era. The supply of phosphate lithium in the Nind era was about 38% in 2019.
40% co-builds a 10,000-ton annual production of lithium phosphate. (2) Hunan Yuen (Hungnan Electricization Participation Company): The main product is better than the industry average, Hunan Yuu has a stake in the Ningde era. Hunan Yuen is a listed company, Electric Inclusion Company, Ningde.
At the time, by means of fully-owned companies, they indirectly held 1.03% of their shareholdings in the south of the lake (100% of their holdings in the Ningd era, 15.868% of their share in the Ningbomé mountains, and 6.52% of their share in the head of the river). Hunan was founded in 2016, in 2017, and in 2019, in the Nind era.
At present, 30,000 tons of lithium phosphate production capacity is available, with a capacity of up to 160 mah/g, higher than the industry average 155 mah/g, and an energy type of lithium phosphate with a concentration of up to 2.6 g/cm3, higher than the industry level (2.1-2.4g/cm3).
See, it is expected to come into production in the second half of 2020. 2.2, Trinity straight-up suppliers are required to purchase three-dollar pre-drives from the Ningde era, 2019 ncm811 ncms from the Ningde era, single crystalni55 with Guizhou Zhenhua, long-term.
Lithium Section, Guangdong Bump, Tian Zimbamo, ncm33, Xiamen Tung. Except for the subsidiary Guangdong Puk, the tri-dollar supplier of the Ning Dynasty is the leader of the tri-dollar material industry, and the supplier is required to procure pre-procured bodies from Guangdong Bamp.
(i) CHUNG: The first industry to produce high nickel products is HUNH-HUNI. The founder of YUNHUNHUN initiated the new technology in 1992 from lithium cobalt-acid and tri-dollar materials to lithium orthodoxy materials. In 2014, Ningbokin and the North Korean material experts were reorganized.
Liu Sang Yeol has joined forces to create Yon-chul technology, focusing on tri-dollar materials, and the company’s three-dollar series of high nickel products are leading the production process. In 2016, the company was certified in the Ningd era to deliver small quantities. Because of its technological strength, Nind’s only supplier was Yon-chul.
(2) Long-term Lithium Section: Started with lithium cobalt acid, Long-Term Lithium Lithium Lithium Trinity, Lithium Cobalt Rhodesis, Trinity Premium Driver, spherical nickel, etc. Established in 2002 with co-funding from the Long Sand Metallurgical Institute and Lithium Technology (Cayman), with an early focus on the production of lithium cobaltate positive materials, 2011
Three-dollar orthopaedic materials. Currently, three-dollar orthodontic capacity of 24 million tons and pre-triple drive capacity of 18,000 tons. (3) New tungsten energy source (single tungsten industry subsidiary): Three of the only suppliers of tungsten new energy camp operations are ncm3 and lithium cobaltate, with the main customers of the cobalt-acid lithium being atl, tristar sdi,
In 2019, the company supplied ncm333 ncm to the Ningde era. 2.3, the negative extreme procurement pattern was the most fragmented.
Among the negative-polar suppliers of the Ningde era, smaller producers such as Ishigami and Dong Kae-jin each supply about a third of their share. The negative-column stock, Bettray, and Ping-tae supply are relatively small. The graphite-polar product varieties are diverse, performance varies widely, and the graphite processing levels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer, resulting in price differences.
Large. The percentage of high, medium and low-end negative poles procured from different manufacturers in the Ningd era varies, resulting in a difference in supply volume. Figure 7: Large differences in unit prices (in thousands of yuan/tons) for negative suppliers (1) Stonehengesang: negative ones in the Nind era
Ishi Jia-san has a stake relationship with the Ningde era. Indirectly holding a stake in the Ning Dynasty is over 2.29% (100% holding a stake in Ning Bomé Hill, which holds a 15.868% stake in the Yangtze and a 14.43% stake in the Yangtze Morning Road). The company ' s predecessor, Shi Jia Sang-hwan, was created in 2008 and introduced in 2017.
The Yangtze Morning Road Industries Fund became the Ninder Age Equity Company. (2) Dong Kae-jin: one of the first negative companies to enter the Ning-de era supply chain, Dong Kee-jin was one of the first to enter the Ning-de era supply chain.
In 2019, the supply of goods to the Ningde era was second only to the Ningde era, and the supply of goods was more stable. In 2013, the General Manager of the early East Qingqin army, Yonyong, held positions as sales manager, deputy general manager, general manager, and other positions such as Shanghai Sugi Tsing Technology, Lake Nangi Energy, East Gyeong Tsing Tsia Battery, etc., with a deeper background of negative research and development.
-In 2016, Yanyan Army served as the chief manager of the electric fluids business for Dong Kae-hyun (in January 2013, Joo-tae bought 80% of its shares and in 2014 was awarded 100% of its materials). Since Dong Kee-hyun's core client is atl, and there are several collaborative platforms with atl to develop it, it is reasonable to assume that Dong Kee-jin and Ning-de are at the top.
(iii) Sugib: One of the first to be negative, the stock of the country's negative industry has the highest qualifications and significant advantages. The company's main business in the lithium chain is negative, positive and electrolyte, of which the negative business is the first. The subsidiary is the first in the country.
The enterprises that develop and produce artificial graphite from lithium ion batteries have autonomous core intellectual property rights, including material grains, surface modifications, sphericalization, heat treatment, etc. By the end of 2019, 120,000 tons of negative auroral capacity was available. Inner Mongolia first-year production of 100,000 tons of negative arctic materials integration project phase (40,000 tons) was tested for production in 2019q3
Postnatal production costs are effectively reduced. The company supplied artificial graphite to the Ningde era in 2014 and became the leading supplier of negative graphite in the Ningde era in 2015, and its share of supply is now reduced in the Ningde era.
Negative material production capacity has expanded rapidly, and integration has reduced costs and increased competitiveness. The company’s capacity reached 22 million tons in 2019, and is expected to reach 40,000 tons in 2020, with more than 30,000 tons of effective capacity. Future company capacity is expected to rise to 60,000 tons.
By 2020, with Europe’s new energy car market rapidly rising, the negative-polar material industry is approaching new opportunities globally. Companies have already moved in bulk to Biadi, Ninder, in 2019.
Time, ski, and so forth, leading firms, both within and outside the country, are increasingly communicating with potential clients, such as lig chemistry. As companies grow in the type and volume of products they supply at the leading firms, it is possible to capture new developments in the globalization of the industry (5) Bertrand: to take the lead in achieving nca, silicon carbon-deficit production.
Bettray is the world’s largest natural graphite-negative manufacturer. The company currently has 93,000 tons of negative-polar capacity, of which 80 million tons are natural graphite, 10,000 tons are artificial graphite, and 3,000 tons are silicon-based. Battery has natural graphite deposits in chickens. By the end of 2019, the company’s potential reserves in graphite mines with prospecting rights amounted to 2.18 million tons.
The company successfully delivered to foreign first-line battery manufacturers such as Samsung, lig chemistry, Japan, Sanyang, Matsumoto and Sony between 2008 and 2012. It worked with foreign battery manufacturers for the longest time.
One of the most stable suppliers of lithium-based electricity. The company accounts for about 70-80% of the demand for the negative-polar material under the pine, and about 30% of the demand for the three-star negative-polar material.
The company has strengthened its research and development capacity in artificial graphite, and is the country’s first firm to commercialize silicon negative materials. The silicon negative materials currently supplied by the company have been successfully applied to Teslamodel3, and the company’s negative materials business will benefit fully from Tesla model3 as they are sold locally and internationally.
With long-term cooperation with offshore and foreign head battery manufacturers, companies maintain a high level of research and development technology for both positive and negative material operations for the long-term sustainable development of their companies. (6) Fung Fung: entering overseas supply chains, performance growth is achievable.
In 2012, 2017, and 2020, they entered the supply chain of Biadi, Ninder, lig chemistry (Texla’s national product, Model3). The company has 3,000 tons of graphite and 12,000 tons of graphite in construction.
7) Jiangxi Utsu: Focusing on high-end negative-polar business, with greater profitability, Jintai is a platform company whose main business is the Lithium Power Industry Chain. The company was founded in 2012 with lithium layout, negative atoms, coating equipment, coatings, aluminium plastics, etc., in the upper chain of the electricity industry: a subsidiary, Jiangxi, was established in 2012
Uchi and Dong Kae-hin (the main battalion electrolyte, which was transferred to Tian Chi material in 2014), acquired Shenzhen Xinjiang Kato (the main battalion ' s lithium coating machine), gained control of Dong Shao-Gao in 2014 (the main battalion ' s coating film), and established Dong-jung (the main battalion ' s aluminium plastic film) in 2015. The company ' s clients are rich in resources and Chen Wei, who used to serve in Dong-jung.
Atl, deeper than atl, the core of the Ninder era. In 2015, the company supplied artificial graphite with negative ink and coatings to the Ningde era.
The ink is negative, gradually growing into artificial graphite poles, led by the technology leader, Von Suning. Jiang Xiaoyu is a diverse product, with two series and 15 small series, because the company has unique raw materials.
In addition, the company has increased the layout of the graphite, charcoal, etc., which in 2019 produced 60,000 tons of negative-polar materials and accompanying graphite processing, 30,000 tons of capacity for carbonization, and in 2019, the participation in the revitalization of the supply of coal-coated and coke-coated raw materials, with a significant decomposition capability.
The sales were equal to +6%, the average value was equal to -7%, and the net interest rate for Jiang Xi Xiaohua was equal to -1.79pt. We analyzed the decline in negative business profits mainly due to: 1) low capacity utilization: the new production capacity of the Inner Mongolia Base is still climbing, and lower downstream demand has led to higher parking hours. 2) There was a higher stock of raw materials in the previous period, and h1 did not enjoy a red-collar reduction in the price of needles.
L. As the manufacturing capacity of the Inner Mongolia Base increases, graphite electricity is consumed, and furnace capacity is further optimized, negative extreme business profitability may reverse the downward trend. 2.4. Benefiting from an increase in the quality of the country ' s diaphragm, the diaphragm supplier has been nationalized by 100%.
All the diaphragm suppliers of the Ningde era have been replaced by national producers, namely, Ningje shares, China Technology (Lithium-Lithium-Lithium-Lithium-Lithium-Lithium-Librane), Suzhou Jiao (which has been incorporated into Ning-Li), Middle New and Star-source material. The dichotomy of the diaphragm enterprises has become evident because: 1) the diaphragm is a heavy asset industry, and the capacity utilization of machines determines the company’s capacity.
In addition, in the case of wet-coated diaphragms, the Ningde era has been buying semi-finished membrane products from diaphragm suppliers since 2016, leaving them with a high level of coatings by their subsidiaries.
Enje, formerly the Yunnan Innovative Materials Group, was founded in 2001 in the main business of bopp membrane, sterile packaging, smoke stickers, special paper, etc.
The completion of the acquisition of 90.08% of the shares of the Shanghai Enger (equity acquisition under the same control) into the lithium battery diaphragm domain. The diaphragm production process has a number of connections to film materials such as bopp, bop, etc. The years of current membrane research and development The production experience has led companies to reduce process exploration and grinding time in the area of lithium diaphragm.
Shanghai Entje quickly grew into a global wet-law diaphragm tap. Shanghai Entje was founded in 2010 with a 50% share of the domestic wet-law in 2019 (excluding Suzhou Jingles). The company created three bases, Shanghai, Pearl Sea and Tin-free, and acquired Jiang Si-Tung and Su State Jing during the trade shuffling period 2018-2019, integrating resources and planning for Europe.
The city’s share is expected to accelerate.
In 2011, the military diaphragm industry was introduced, in 2016, the Chinese lithium membrane was established, and in 2019 the acquisition of 997 million square metres in the south of the lake was increased by $997 million, creating a better scale effect and growth base. In 2021, the company ' s total diaphragm output is expected to reach 1,848 million square metres/year, second only to the Nte and Tori. The company ' s diaphragm clients have largely completed the main domestic and foreign battery plants.
Coverage (Japan: lg chemistry, tristarsdi, ski, pinea; domestic: catl, byd, atl, billion latitudes of lithium energy, national high science, etc.) 2.5, electrolyte suppliers and Ningde era are more sticky
The suppliers of the electrolytic fluids of the Ningde era are the most stable, ranked according to the volume of the shipments: the gifted materials, the country's Tyvarin, the New Zeus State, and the Klon chemistry. The four suppliers are the leaders of the electrolyte industry. Since the core value of the electrolyte products is the formula, the electrolyte is the most customized attribute, the customer is the most sticky, and quality customer resources are the core barrier.
The supply pattern of the electrolyte is the most concentrated. But for suppliers in the Ninder era, because of the relative homogenization of the raw materials provided to them in the Ninder era, the suppliers of the upstream integration and the construction of the production base in the Ninder era are either more competitive than the cost.
(i) Tin-chip material: Lithium cell electrolysis operations of the electrolytic liquid production poles with a significant advantage in size include lithium hexafluorate, new electrolytes, and additives. The company’s sophisticated chemical industry began with solar-chemical materials and special chemicals, and in 2005 it entered the lithium cell electrolyte business.
Companies earn more customer resources by differentiating between precipitation and upgrading products. On the one hand, companies are increasing the layout of electrolyte materials and effectively reducing the cost of electrolytic fluids; on the other hand, research and development on new formulations are remarkable, with dozens of them currently available.
Customized electrolyte formulations are imported in trial and volume production, and more than 100 customised liquid formulations are developed and stored with a three-dollar system. (2) Jiang Su-Thai: pioneered entry into the overseas supply chain system
Jiang Soo-Thai's electrolyte business is largely contributed by its subsidiary, Hua Yong-Thai Chemical, who in 2019 collected 1,547 million yuan and 136 million yuan in 2019. Jiang Soo-Thai built a factory in Ningdeh in 2017, deep tied to the Ningdh era.
The company was founded in 2002 with capacitor chemicals, and in 2003 with lithium cell electrolytes. It has now produced 33,000 tons of lithium electrochemicals.
The main products include lithium ion cell electrolyte, electrolyte additives, new lithium salt and carbonate solvents. The company has invested more in the field of new lithium salt and electrolyte additives, and currently has more than 300 new electrolyte additives to enhance product value. New Zeus states are in second-line plants because the customers of one-line power cell typically develop electrolyte formulations on their own.
There's a relatively strong voice in the business. 2.6, the supply relationship of copper bean suppliers is stable, and the suppliers of bronze bean from the Ningd era are mainly Kawon technology, Nord shares, Linghua Bo-chung, among them Kawon technology.
The price model for copper is in the form of “materials + processing fees” and the cost of processing is about 20%. As a negative polar mass, the trend for copper is lightening, but the processing costs for ultra thin copper beams are higher, and downstream batteries are required to develop curry and coating equipment suitable for superbron beams, so new technologies need to be expanded in conjunction with downstream electricity.
Figure 8: Cost of raw materials in copper tarp cost structure is over 80%, Figure 9: Cost of processing in copper line cost structure is only 2.48%
Data on the purchase of KG$218.4 and copper wires as raw materials for copper. (1) KG$: cost-control capability, KG$2 and Ningde, atl supply time.
The company’s main clients include Ninder, atl, Biade, Mobil Technology, and Star Star Power. By 2017, it produced 6 mm copper and became the country’s first manufacturer to produce 6 m of copper.
The supply of 6 μm bronze has increased sales by 203% over the same year, and by 127% over the same year in 2019. Kawon technology has a high rate of cognac and a high degree of cost control. Kawon technology has a higher rate of cognac than Nord's share of copper.
By contrast, it received less than Nord's shares in a single item, but it had more control over the cost of Caramel technology. In 2019, it extended upstream, investing in a project to build a high-purity copper-line processing centre, safeguarding the high level of cleanness of raw materials and reducing costs.
(2) Nord shares: Lithium electric copper production is the largest in the copper industry in the country. The company currently owns 43,000 tons of copper production, of which about 80% is for power batteries.
The cargo relationship is stable and has a subsidiary of Qing Hai Node and Qing Zhiqing in Qinghai, with a capacity of 35,000 tons. This solves the problem of the transport of copper scavengers due to the oxidability of copper, while benefiting from low electricity prices in the Qinghai region and reducing manufacturing costs. In the offshore market, the lg chemical supply chain entered the lig in 2018, and has been converted to lig in 2019.
Nord shares of lithium and copper technology are at the forefront of the country, with capacity to produce 4 and 4.5 μm of ultra thin lithium and copper, earlier than other lithium and copper manufacturers in the country.
A market of less than 6 μm of copper beryllium coating and wrapping is not expected to be fully opened in the short term. 2.7. Lithium electric equipment is mainly procured on a decentralized basis.
The first and the middle sections are the most valuable. Moreover, the fabric and the curling/overlaying parts of the first and the middle are the key steps in the success rate of the lithium cell, with the corresponding coating and curling machines accounting for 80% of the cost of the previous and 70% of the median cost, respectively. Lithium power equipment is highly customised, and lithium power planters are usually associated with batteries.
Businesses develop devices together, so their customers are more sticky. The advantage of a business that has access to high-quality customer resources is that it is often difficult for new entrants to break a partnership. (1) Lead intelligence: there is a deep accumulation in the middle circle.
The company started with thin film capacitors, and the most central piece of equipment for producing thin film capacitors was a roller. The company developed and increased the rolls, automating the rolls, replacing the capacitors in 2007 with an automatic roller, and in 2008 with an eye to the United States.
The source of cooperation between the company and the Ninder era dates back to the tdk group. The company first supplied the capacitor equipment to the tdk in Japan, and as the lithium battery business rose, it gradually developed atl and catl to achieve its 2014 supply to the Ninder era, with major coupons and extension machines, and its subsidiary, Chuhaitaitan, began to turn to Ning in 2016.
In the German era, the back end of the supply became a test system. (2) Win-win technology: the client structure was optimized in 2018.
The company was listed in 2015, with pre-listed customers mainly from two-line lithium battery manufacturers such as Shandong Wai-eun, Shenzhen-eun-eun-eun. In 2018, the global first-line power of lig chemistry, the Ninder era, etc.
Battery tap orders. The 2018 orders show that the lithium electric equipment supplied by the winning technology to the Ningde era was the first one and the radiator. 2.8, cnt, conductor, and slurry suppliers are all domestic taps.
In 2018, the country ' s carbon nanotube conductor cr5 reached 87.7%, with a more concentrated pattern of competition. Carbon nanotube conductors are usually used as a conductor for positive materials, usually only 1 - 2% of positive and extremely active material (percentage of mass, lower) or as a conductor for silicon carbon negative materials (about 5% of silicone negative and extremely active material).
Sulphur preparation processes are mainly powder production and slurry, with the key steps being the catalytic component of the powder not being made, and the development of catalysts having some technical barriers that make the quality and purity of the product different from that of the manufacturer. The carbon pipe-guided slurry suppliers in the Ninder era were Nanotech, Devonami, Sansunami, Qingjima, which was divided into 2018.
One, five, two and three points in the domestic market. (1) Tiannai technology: mastering core catalytic technology, leading the industry in product quality. Tiannai technology has a strong capacity for product innovation. Three generations of carbon nanotubes have been introduced.
The product is based on the technology developed in conjunction with the University of Qinghua for the production of carbon nanotubes in nanopolymer fluidized bed macros, mainly for the use of lithium phosphate batteries, for which the second generation and the third generation of products are applicable respectively. The company ' s three-generation products are superior to industry levels in terms of carbon pipe length ratio, purity, etc., and thus obtains a higher Māori rate of water.
Pair. From 2016 to the Ningde era, TNT is now mainly supplying second-generation products. Figure 13: The Māori ratio of TNT cnt-conducted slurry is high, and future supply patterns are advanced: negative poles, excellent diaphragms, positive electrolyte patterns
From the list of suppliers of the Ningde era in recent years, their supplier pattern has become fragmented, and second-line manufacturers have taken up a growing share of supply based on high-value ratios. In judging the future supply pattern of the Ningde era, we have grasped two main logics: 1) whether there are new suppliers that can provide high-value ratios; 2) whether there are opportunities for self-supply in the Ningde era.
3.1. Industry barriers: Negative poles, relatively high barriers to entry in the membrane sector cnt-conducted slurry, and the highest concentration of negative poles in the country. Market concentration is a sufficient reflection of the technical barriers in the industry, the financial barriers, and profitability.
The market concentration in the sector is broken down from high to low: cnt conductors, negative electrodes, electrolyte, diaphragms, copper picks, positive poles, of which the positive-polar sector is the most fragmented.
The diaphragms, negative poles are typical of heavy asset industries, with high financial barriers. The fixed asset turnover rate for electrolytes, cnt conductors, triads, copper beams is higher than 2, and the diaphragm, negative pole, is less than 2. The diaphragm is typical of the negative diaphragm versus the other subsectors.
3.1.2 Technical barriers: relatively high technical barriers to negative poles, diaphragms, cnt-conducted slurry
The technical barriers to negative poles, diaphragms, cnt-conducted slurry are relatively high. From the splitting of the cost of lithium-based materials, it can be seen that the cost of manufacturing negative, diaphragms, cnt-conducted slurry is relatively high, the cost of direct materials is higher, the cost of doing business is volatile, the price of raw materials is volatile, and it is more difficult for manufacturers to control the cost of doing business.
From a technical point of view, entry barriers are relatively low. The liquid sample is New Zeus, the diaphragm sample is Enté, the copper sample is Caruant Science, and the cnt-guided slurry sample is Tenai Technology.
The technical barriers in the industry are mainly the ability of firms to konowhow on production processes. Enterprises determine product quality, consistency, and good quality at the bottom of knowhow at key production steps. The key production processes of artificial graphite, membrane, copper beam, cnt-conducted slurry are compared to the raw materials production processes.
More. There are relatively few production steps for positive materials, electrolytes, and process parameters for key steps to control compared to Figure 14: Negative poles, multiple critical preparation steps for diaphragms, and relatively high process barriers
3.1.3. Possibility of technological innovation: The positive-polar sector has a high probability of shuffling. New technologies for positive materials are fast-recruited and the industry is more likely to shuffle. From a technical point of view, among the five major lithium electric materials, copper beams, diaphragms, negative electrolytic fluids are relatively mature, and new technologies are mostly based on existing technologies.
The system is innovative, leading companies still have a great advantage. For positives, there are currently two systems of lithium phosphate, three-dimensional materials, but there are bottlenecks in both, limiting the development of lithium batteries, and there is still room for evolution in the current two technology systems. So the new positive system is most likely to emerge, with existing competition patterns in the positive industries.
3.1.4 Capital attractions: Copper beads, relatively high negative roe, and relatively high negative roe. Sampled from the tap company with five big lithium electric materials, based on the net asset rate of return of the sample company, copper beads, negative poles, diaphragms, and positive phosphates have been the net asset rate of return for nearly three years.
Previously, the three-dollar positive, electrolyte net asset yields were lower, correspondingly less economical, less attractive to the capital, and there were more new entrants to the industry than copper, negative, diaphragms, and lithium phosphate. We did the lithium electric material industry in terms of financial barriers, process barriers, possibilities for technological innovation, net asset yields, etc.
Analysis of future patterns of competition: 1) In positive industries, barriers for new entrants are relatively low due to relatively light assets in positive industries and low process barriers, which, once a new product system is accepted downstream, will have an impact on existing patterns of competition, Ninder.
The stability of positive suppliers is also low. 2) Negative, membrane industries are asset-intensive and technological barriers are high, industry-setters are already having scale effects, existing material systems are largely responsive to downstream demand, and most of the firms in the formers have silicon in place.
The volume of production of technologies such as negative poles and high performance coatings makes it more difficult for new entrants to impact on negative poles, existing competition patterns in the membrane sector, and the Ningde era has a relatively stable relationship with its negative poles, diaphragm suppliers. (3) Although the electrolyte industry is a light asset industry and has a relatively low technology threshold, the net asset rate of return in the electrolytic industry is relatively low.
Relatively low, relatively less attractive to investors, and hence more stable industry patterns. In addition, power cell manufacturers usually work with electrolyte producers to develop electrolyte formulations, and battery manufacturers have higher requirements for electrolyte stability, consistency and compatibility with other materials.
It is more difficult to break this partnership. Electric fluid producers with high-quality customer resources continue to have high market rates. 4) The copper industry is a heavy asset industry, with some technical barriers in the area of ultra thin copper, and the industry has entered the market space for cnt conductive slurry, which is relatively small, and which has not been fully accepted by downstream manufacturers, and is currently in the process of becoming part of the market.
The future pattern of competition in the industry will be fragmented. The procurement of cnt-led slurry in the Ningd era will be fragmented. 3.2, Ningd’s era, or increased triads and new material layouts.
The Ningde era is now partially self-sufficient in the triad positives, with new materials such as new electrolytic additives, silicon-based negative poles, etc. We believe that the Ningde era is based on the principle of “light assets” in the layout of upstream materials, while at the same time engaging in new materials with a pre-emptive advantage.
The Ningde era, or positive material, or its own layout. Guangdong Bump supplies 5 ncm to the Ningde era. The Ningde era was involved in positive materials because, on the one hand, the triad was positive in the cost of the core.
The cost is the greatest; on the other hand, the positive material manufacturing barrier is low, reducing the financial barriers to entering the industry through the light asset model of recycling used batteries. We believe that, at the end of the material, the Ningde era will increase the availability of conventional positive materials, or new ones. The Ningde era is less likely to enter conventional negative poles, copper beams, and diaphragms.
In addition, there is no new business model to replace the existing production system, in accordance with "Lightness" .
As the new silicon-based, negative-polar preparation process differs considerably from the graphite preparation process, the former, negative-polar, corporate advantage diminishes, and technological and financial barriers decrease as new entrants in the Ninder era. The Ninder era has now been built 430 tons of silicon negative poles by fully-financed subsidiaries.
In the area of conventional electrolysis, since downstream customers already have a scale effect and the production of lithium hexafluoride has a fixed technical barrier, the future of the Ningde era is less likely to be in lithium salt, solvent layout. New additives are at the core of the electrolytic fluid, and the Ningde era has more accumulations in electrolyte formulations, and is now being built through its subsidiary, Long Rock Sicon.
Lithium salt project, which is expected to expand in the future the development and volume of new additives, new lithium salt projects.4 The Ningde era will lead suppliers to a global 4.1, the size of which will benefit “three times” the rate of growth of the Ningde era suppliers.
As a new energy cycle approaches, the Ningde era accelerates its expansion. Based on the Ningde era ' s 2020-2022 expansion planning and construction progress, we project the production capacity of lithium batteries in 2020/2021/2022 at 77.26/97. 51/140.26gwh, assuming a capacity utilization rate of 85 per cent/95 per 90 per cent, respectively, corresponding to battery production.
61.81/92. 63/126.23gwh. The procurement of upstream materials in the Ningde era has basically increased by “three times” in the next three years, depending on the amount of demand for the five materials in the Ningde era. 4.2. Geographical distribution: China's preference for product value ratios and overseas preference for product quality and consistency
At present, most of Ningde’s clients are domestic car firms, accounting for more than 50% of the domestic market in 2019, with absolute leadership status. In combination with the company’s position in the domestic power cell market and the demand for lower-lying vehicles, we believe that it would be better to do so.
In the German era, the value for money of the product will be the main screening criterion for suppliers in order to balance quality with cost. So, in the Ningde era, or will further increase the share of second-line suppliers, second-line producers, such as Chinese electricity, Chinese technology, will be phased in. For overseas markets, the brand of the Ningde era is currently in the overseas certification cycle for automobile companies, Ningde.
The time will come to consider using domestic flagship products in overseas shipments, optimizing the quality of the products to open up off-sea markets. The company’s rising share in overseas markets and the upgrading of product structures will give the opportunity to break down the “scaling up” of such things as the shares of the Dragons, the Ping Tailais, and the gifted materials.
The Ningde era may have increased its own layout in the new materials field, and in the future it will have more use of home-grown materials. The Ningde era has now had more layouts in the triads and before the triads, and its subsidiary, Guangdong Bump, has achieved a positive supply of three dollars to the Ningde era, and in 2019 Guangdong Bamp delivered more than 15% to the Ningde era.
During the German era or considering new layout technologies such as silicon-based negative poles, new lithium salt, etc., on the one hand, the higher premium for new materials, the Division's own layout will effectively reduce costs, on the other hand, production processes such as silicon-based negative poles, new lithium salt, etc., differ significantly from conventional negative and conventional lithium salt, on the other hand, and on the other hand, the insiders are almost all new entrants, and barriers are not yet fully formed and difficult to enter.
We split our revenues and forecast for 2020-2022 in the Ningde era, with the core assumption that: 1) The global new energy car policy supports the industry’s upturn, but the new crown epidemic has had an impact on sales in 2020, and we predict a global power cell load of 133.83/288.24/287.90gwh in 2020/2012.
2) Benefiting from the continued use of the company’s new energy vehicle model for high-quality customers, the domestic market share of the company’s power cell has steadily increased, and the core competitiveness of the Ninder era has been strong and fast-growing. The resonance of the world’s new energy automobile industry has led to a boom in the power cell industry, an excellent customer structure in the Ningde era, and a recent success in opening up new customers abroad.
In a new wave cycle of new energy cars, we look at the German era and the growth dynamics and evolution potential of its suppliers. The company is expected to double its global power cells from 2020 to 2022, and we look forward to the company’s position as the global lithium power king, leading China’s high-quality supply chain to the world and maintaining “buy-in”.
The global market for new energy vehicles is lower than expected, and competition in the power cell market is increasing.