1. Outlook for the power cell market 1.1. New-energy car market 2.
Future development of the Ningde era 3.1 Future challenges and opportunities 1. Prospects for the power cell market
1.1 The market for new energy vehicles has grown rapidly and market growth space is huge. At the global level, new energy vehicles have become inevitable replacements for traditional fuel cars. The global new energy car market was 41.58 per cent in 2015-2019, and growth has been rapid. In 2019, only 2.5 per cent of the world ' s new energy vehicle market had penetration, and it is still in its early stages of development, with huge space for growth;
China’s new energy car market, driven by policy, is growing rapidly, with a capr of 36.36% in 2015-2019. According to the plan, China will be selling 25% of new cars in 2025, with a larger gap in market sales relative to the new cars in 2019.
Billion Euro Motors: In recent years there has been a rapid increase in the volume of power cell exports in the new energy automobile industry 1.2 and the rise of Chinese firms. In 2015-2019, the growth in global and Chinese power cell markets was largely in line with the growth in the new energy car market, with cagr reaching 36.2 per cent and 42.96 per cent, respectively.
China’s power cell market, which accounts for more than 50% of the global power cell market, has become the world’s largest single market for power cells; given the continued benefits of many of China’s new energy auto industry policies, China’s core component power cell output has grown dramatically, and many of its top firms, such as Ninder’s, have taken advantage of the rise and market position.
Billion Euro Motors: China Power Batteries Top5 Company Delivery & Global Market Share Cagr: 36.20% Global Power Batteries Delivery (gwh)
China's Power Batteries (gwh) 2. Business Analysis of the Ningde Age 2.1.
In 2001, atl successfully entered the Apple Supply Chain to establish its technical position in the lithium battery industry, which has provided the technological basis for entering the new energy car-powered battery market; In 2012, Ningde entered into a strategic partnership with BMW to prove its product strength in the new energy car-powered battery market and to build a strong product-power endorsement; In 2020, Tesla entered into a global partnership with the world's highest sales performance, which will become a new growth point in the volume of powered batteries in the Ningde era.
2.2.1 Quality management teams contribute to the long-term development of enterprises. Quality management teams are one of the core competitivenesss of enterprises of the Ningde era and can play a decisive role in the design, management and subsequent development of enterprises; Four features are common to senior management teams: a high-quality educational background, a young team, a rich new energy industry with relevant professional and managerial experience.
Billion Euros: curriculum vitae of the Ninder Age Management Team 2.2.2 Strong R & D teams, high R & D inputs for sustainable business development
Overall, the Ninder era’s focus on the quality of research and development teams, with sustained investment in research and development, has helped to build competitive advantages in products and ensure sustainable corporate development. The number of research and development teams has continued to rise, the proportion of master’s and doctoral degrees has continued to rise, the level of research and development teams has generally improved, and the capacity of enterprises to develop research and development has gradually increased in 2017-2019, far more than their competitors in the industry, helping them to build technological barriers and build their own technological core competitiveness.
2.2.3 Teams have strong control over companies and ensure stable business development The high proportion of Ningde-era members in shares, with a voice in the company, provides a solid basis for the firm to develop steadily upwards in the future The proportion of founding team members in shares exceeds 42.67 per cent (not including individual shareholders with smaller shares), the number of company members in shares exceeds 48.6 per cent and the overall proportion of members in shares is higher;
The creation of an equity incentive platform to distribute shares to key members of a company other than the company’s main shareholders is a more effective employee incentive that will contribute to team upgrading. Billions of Euros: Ningde’s stock structure and successive years’ incentive policies (as of June 2020) °C2.3.1 has started in China, with a global layout, laying the foundation for development.
In recent years, the Ninder era has expanded its internal and external layout through self-building, investment, and acquisitions. It has already covered the mainstream new energy vehicle markets of China, Japan, the United States, Canada, and Europe. The number of subsidiaries, which account for 59% of the total, is the main driving force behind its deployment, based on company category data.
Billions of Euro Cars: The global distribution of the Ningde era in 2020: Billions of Euro Cars: The internal and external distribution of the Ningde era in 2020: Note: 59% of the total number of subsidiaries
(a) Yze2.3.2 Up and down the industry chain, creating synergies in the industrial chain, building industrial barriers Wide distribution of related industries with power cells at their core, contributing to the creation of synergies in the industrial chain and further safeguarding its future development;
• To reduce the cost of battery raw materials through the layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chains, and to further expand the scope for growth of their operations through the layout of the downstream industry. 2.3.2 Up and down the layout of the industrial chain, creating synergies in the industrial chain, building industrial barriers.
• Low shareholdings in upstream mineral layouts, but multiple companies on “lithium” critical materials, reducing reliance on a single channel, and contributing to an enhanced voice in this area; Holdings in positive materials, negative materials, electrolytic fluids; and a slightly weaker voice in new energy vehicles and replacement operations downstream of batteries.
2.4.1 The boom in net profits during the Ningde era, with power cell operations making the largest contribution, continued to grow at a time of annual growth in revenue chains, with a consistently lower share of main business operations, while the overall share of the rest continued to rise, with diversified revenue structures and increased corporate resilience to risk.Cagr and net profits grew rapidly in 2015-2019, with 51.68 per cent and 37.41 per cent, respectively; and q1 was affected by the epidemic in 2020, with revenues and profits falling by the same scale;
Power cell collection averaged over 80 per cent, lithium battery material and other operations increased, and storage energy system captures increased but remained low.
In terms of net asset returns, there has been an increase in net asset returns, which will be followed by an increase in net asset returns. • In 2015-2019, there has been a different decline in net interest rates for power cell companies, Māori rates, and net asset returns, with industry returning to normal levels of profitability.
2.4.3 In terms of the business cycle of the Ningde era, which is well below that of the peer enterprise, with less volatility over the years, and the ability of the firm to operate more than the competitor; In terms of stock turnover, the Ningde era has seen a decline in stock turnover in recent years, but still maintains a high turnover rate among enterprises, with inventory management capabilities superior to those of the competitor;
In terms of liquidity of accounts payable, the Ningde era has significantly outperformed competitors; since 2017, it has grown year by year, with increasing voice over downstream clients. 2.4.4 In terms of flexible development space in the Ningde era, the Ningde era has a greater solvency than its competitors, with an asset-liability ratio of less than 60 per cent and a greater capacity to leverage debt;
The industry is in the early stages of development, and the Ningde era’s solvency and relatively low asset-liability ratios will help it to decide whether or not to expand its debt in the light of market changes. Billions of Euros in automobiles: a comparison of asset-liability ratios.
The global and Chinese power cell markets have been marked by the matheric effect, with market shares accumulating toward headlines; future markets will phase out backward firms, and the Ningde era’s flagship positions will stand firm. Global and Chinese power cell markets have experienced volatile market share growth of cr5 and cr3 in 2016-2019, and market share has been consistently high; In 2015-2019, the volume of power cell exports rose from 7.82% to 27.87%, with the market share rising from 7.82% to 27.87%.
Billion Euro Cars: Share of global power cell market cr5&cr3 Million Euro Cars: Share of Chinese power cell product cr5&cr3
The difference in share fluctuated between 7.5 and 14.5 per cent, according to the 2023 plan, and the Ningde era was concentrated domestically; operations in overseas markets were unlikely to increase explosively in the last two years owing to the slow pace of expansion of capacity; the power cell capacity increased in 2015-2019 and the capacity utilization rate was high, while stock levels continued to increase; and there was a risk that stocks would continue to increase as the production phase became more dynamic.
Billion Euro Motors: Dynamic Battery & Storage Battery Production in the Ningde Age (end 2019) Billions of Euro Motors: Power Battery Utilization & Stock • Note: Annual statistics do not include the Age Quill production capacity.
As a result, 2023 capacity was 10 gwh below total capacity planning.2.5.1 High energy density and low-cost production competitiveness are the core product factors of the Ningde era that continue to rob the market share from high-energy density and low-cost battery products in terms of product competitiveness.
In terms of energy intensity, the Ningde era, while using a rectangular power cell route, was less than 10% behind the lower cylindrical battery; In terms of power cell costs, in 2015-2019, the Ningde era showed a remarkable ability to depreciate through technological and industrial chain synergies and continued to increase its cost advantage. • The Ningde age power cell was first reduced to below $1/wh in 2017.
• In 2016-2019, the average annual drop in the Ningde era was over 15 per cent • pine and lg chemistry gained advantages in terms of energy intensity due to the use of cylindrical and soft-pack batteries
(b) Long-lived battery technology is improved from the positive, negative and electrolyte levels to the higher competitiveness of the product by controlling the consumption of lithium and increasing the battery's life;
2.5.1 The upstream supply chain system is digitized and fully accessible downstream to mainstream market car customers The upstream material supply system of the Ningde era includes multiple suppliers and enhances the voice of suppliers while increasing the quality and stability of the supply system of their own suppliers; The downstream clients of the Ningde era include mainstream autonomous brands, mainstream foreign brands, new drivers of car creation and mainstream commercial brands, which provide a solid basis for future development.
2.5.1 Decentralized procurement to maintain the quality of the supply chain; deeper cooperation to expand the client pool. The Ninder era has adopted a decentralized procurement approach, while expanding its supply chain while maintaining benign competition within the supply chain and not relying too heavily on individual suppliers; The Ninder era has adopted a joint venture approach to deepening partnerships with clients, with a share ratio of more than 51 per cent for most joint ventures and a voice in joint ventures;
At the beginning of the development of the Ninder era, which relied on large clients to start their businesses, the market was quickly seized, and the share of top5 clients continued to move low, reducing their dependence on large clients. Millions of Euros: The Ninder era joint ventures with mainstream firms accounted for hundreds of millions of Euros: the share of business top5 suppliers.
Billion Euros of automobiles: The share of business top5 clients compared — the share of suppliers totop5 purchases in the Ningde era remained constant at 20 per cent — except for the East Wind era, where the Ningde era held the rest of the joint ventures.
• Between 2015 and 2019, the market for lithium battery materials was growing faster than the market for the Top5 customer contribution of the Ningde era, the market for lithium battery materials was growing rapidly for future sales in the Ningde era from 2017 to 2019, and the same was true for related operations in the Ningde era, where future growth in lithium battery materials was guaranteed.
(b) Between 2015 and 2019, the sales and collections of lithium batteries in the Ningde era increased, and future growth in sales is assured by the development of their core business power cells. Millions of Euros: tons of lithium battery materials in China, 2017-2019.
Million Euros of automobiles: Lithium battery material received and sold in 2015-2019 Lithium battery material received in 2015-2016 as pre-drilled material. Lithium battery material delivered the highest volume of positive material and the second highest number of negative material delivered.
Sales data for 2019 were calculated on the basis of the average sales price in 2018, rather than official data — diaphragm material slowed in 2019, and the rest of the material growth rate remained on the upward trend.
• The diaphragm operations are currently not covered through joint ventures and the acquisition of model lithium cell material layouts, including positive, negative and electrolytic materials production operations;
Billion Euros of Cars: Lithium Battery Recycling in the Ninder Age Bump Age: Positive materials like Trinity Pre-Multiform Drivers Cracking phosphorus: Lithium phosphate material
Long Rock Constance: Lithium salt In the China Age: Silicon-based negative polar material Share ratio: 100%
• Power cell recycling operations are mainly run by Guangdong Bump, Ningde-era subsidiary • Note 1: The Bump era was created by a joint venture between Ningde and Guangdong Bump, Guangdong-Bamp, Ningdé-era (52.8 per cent) • Currently, power cells are used mainly for the recovery of lithium battery materials due to inefficient staircase utilization
• Note 2: Accumulated phosphorus was created by a joint venture between Ningde and Transfonami. 2.5.3 storage systems were in their infancy, the Ningde era relied on early entry into the core business, the billion-dollar storage system industry was still in its early stages of development and, despite significant growth in recent years, was largely policy-driven;
According to data from 2019, China’s electrical and chemical storage systems remain low in the storage market, and the industry is in the early stages of development; In 2017, the central government and local governments introduced policies related to the electrical and chemical storage systems, and the size of the lithium battery storage units was significantly increased.
2.5.3 Building on the accumulation of core industries, building on the operational advantages of storage capacity, enabling business development. In 2020, the Ningde era accelerated action on the operation of storage systems, consolidating their respective advantages through joint ventures, and contributing to the development of their future storage capacity, building on past accumulations of lithium battery technology and industry, with the ability to address the pains of the electrical and chemical storage system industry and creating advantages for its entry into the industry;
Thanks to the dividends of policy and its own industrial advantages, since the first order was obtained in 2011, in recent years it has been active in setting the stage for its subsequent business development.
Strength 1: Lithium batteries have been cultivated for years in the Ningde era, edge 2: Long-lived battery technology in the Ningde era, and product safety has a clear advantage in the industry.
Strength 3: Ningde-era layout batteries up and down, Strength 4: Harbour of the industrial chain through a subsidiary, Guangdong-Pun-Boo power, coupled with technology downfalls.
Pool recycling operations with a certain technological reserve 3. Future development in the Ningde era 3.1 Future challenges and opportunities
After many years of development in the Ningde era, the three major players, including power cells, storage systems, and lithium battery materials, have made great strides, but rapid development has been accompanied by many shortcomings, challenges and opportunities in the future. Markets are monolithic, uncertain, and blurred.
The market is single: according to the 2019 financial report, the main revenue of the Ningde era came from domestic sources and the overseas market contributed little; The direction is unclear: the global market for new energy vehicles is clearly developed over the long term and there is uncertainty about the momentum of short-term growth; The border is blurred: the car is involved in the power cell area, and the boundaries of roles between the two sides are becoming blurred.
In the Ninder era, storage system operations were mostly concentrated in power stations, with fewer other scene layouts, but also faced a boom.
Cracker: On July 17, the market value of the Ningde era was over $400 billion, and its market value will continue to grow in the future as the market share increases, but there are bottlenecks. There is not enough room for simple parts and components production and sales, and it is difficult and unable to adequately meet user needs; development is constrained by a variety of factors.
The impact on industry of changes in product technology and production patterns as upstream, service-oriented industries in the battery industry chain
Changes: The power cell industry is still developing at an early stage, and there are subversive changes in product technical routes and production patterns
The Ningde era has been a time of massive investment in R & D, with sufficient technological reserves, and high-risk resistance. Challenge 3.1.1: Multiple obstacles to sea access make it difficult to see an outbreak of growth in the short term. Macroeconomics are affected by the new crown epidemic, the economy is weak, the automobile industry is equally devastated, production beats are broken, and the global market for new energy cars is falling sharply on a par;
For the Ninder era, where the United States and Japan, although the mainstream new energy car market, had significant external resistance to entry into the region, it would be difficult in the short term to be a destination for their seaboard movements; where the European market was another major battlefield for the new energy car market, the Ninder era had not yet been able to establish a deep partnership with local car companies, combined with joint ventures or self-built factories, and the situation was not encouraging.
Impediments 3: Regional protection: Automobile industry development, Japanese and Korean auto workers > 16 July, cumulative diagnosis of new coronary pneumonia overseas
13.669 million people. Regional protection in the United States, Europe, and industry has made it difficult for foreign firms to enter; >Japan and Korea have the world’s leading power cell manufacturers, operating in the private sector.
In South-East Asia, where the economy has suffered a severe setback, the global market for new energy vehicles has been declining in January-May, and the competition in the industry has been greater for home-field warfare.
17%, seriously affecting the growth process. Impediments 2: Central-American tensions. Impediments 4: Deeper European market layout.
As the second-largest car market in the United States, China's enterprises are hard to access under the tension between the German Turingen project of the time of Leninde, which is expected to produce 14 gwh, supplying BMW and Ben.
(b) The public has set up two battery factories in Europe with Swedish start-up company northvolt, Tesla built its own power cell plant in the United States.
Benz also built a power cell plant in Europe, and the US cooperative space is gradually decreasing. 3.1.1 Challenge 2: Cars are involved in the battery field, encroaching on the future market share of the Ningde era.
Cars build their own factories, or enter into power cell companies, or the trend towards joint ventures is increasing, and the Ninder era may be exposed to the risk of a market share being eroded. Cars can meet all current needs through self-built plants, but are constrained by technical, financial, and future market uncertainties, and have a small number of self-constructed cars; Insilient battery companies or joint ventures are becoming mainstream, with deep cooperation based on their strengths and claims leading to a win-win situation;
In the future, power cell companies will be able to “strengthen” the number of their future market shares to a large extent, and there is a risk that their share will be eroded in the Ningde era. Challenge 3.1.1: In the future, there will be a definite increase in production at the end of the world, and demand at the end of the future, due to black swan events and changes in market acceptance, is uncertain and there is a risk of overcapacity.
The Ningde era capacity is expected to reach 240gwh by 2023, with foreign capacity accounting for about 5.8% of total capacity, and capacity consumption largely dependent on domestic markets; Global new energy vehicle sales will need to be sustained at a constant 30% growth rate in order to be able to achieve the expected sales; the 2020 new crown epidemic has severely halted the growth process in the global automobile market.
• Note 1: Production capacity includes power cells and storage cell capacity • Note 2: Production capacity does not include 10 gwh production capacity of the age guilds 3.1.2 Opportunity I: China's giants go out to sea to capture their share of the global market
In the past, the Ningde era, which relied mainly on domestic markets, needed overseas markets to support its global position as the volume of new energy vehicles sold abroad rose; As China’s new energy car market developed rapidly in the past, the Ningdé era worked with a number of foreign brands, relying on the domestic basis for cooperation, and the sea would be better off; Building on the dividends of the development of China’s new energy car market, the Ningd era was constantly upgrading its strength and had the strength to compete with the international powered battery giants and to be able to enjoy the preferences of foreign firms.
Billion Euro Cars: Main foreign brands of domestic cooperation in the Ninder era Billion EuroAnalysis of edges in the Ninder era Billions of Euro Cars: New Energy Motors Overseas and their share in the global market
With a forward-looking strategic vision, a comprehensive layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chains, a high proportion of highly qualified research and development teams.
Global layout R & D, long-lived battery technology applications, high energy density, low cost.
The power cell security performance is at the top of the list — the annual increase in the sales of new energy vehicles from overseas is moving closer to the global market — and the Ningde era is a partnership with multiple foreign brands, and it's a partnership with many foreign companies.
• Among the global power cell companies, the Ninder era was ranked at the top of the power mix, with some branding as a global strategic partnership °C3.1.2 opportunity two: power cell operation, next energy eco-portal
The power cell operation is a unique way of operating under a commercial model for the separation of vehicles and power cells; by separating vehicles and batteries, the user acquires power cells in leased form, making the industry more flexible; The power cell operating model addresses multiple pain points, especially when users are no longer beset by batteries, preservation rates, etc., and greatly enhances the user's experience and the user's acceptance of the product; The Ninder era has mastered long-lived battery technology and worked in depth with a number of mainstream car companies to effectively address battery “short-life” and battery standardization issues, with the potential to contribute to ecological development.
Car sales significantly reduce the cost of the whole car, reduce the research and development burden, reduce the financial burden of battery assets.
Guarantee a steady flow, upgrade the new energy industry chain, power battery recovery, use experience, second-hand vehicle security; don't worry about batteries.
The "short life" of the battery results in higher costs for power cell operators and power switching companies.
Limiting the range of battery operators and power-changing enterprises services, the rate of return has fallen by 3.1.2 opportunity three: titanium battery size applications under distributed storage energy models. The energy storage system industry, which was still in the early stages of development in China, has great potential for future development. The Ningde era took advantage of its own industrial and technological advantages in order to gain greater space for business growth.
Countries such as the United States, Japan, Germany, etc. have a subsidy policy for storage in different settings; China issued a policy in 2017 to encourage the deployment of electrical and chemical storage systems in different settings; There is a demand for storage systems on the side of power generation, on the side of the grid, and on the side of the user, and electric and chemical storage can be used as one of these ways, with a wide range of applications.
3.2 Future development strategies determine that the future of the Ningde era will not be limited to a single role for spare parts suppliers. Billions of Euros believe that the Ningde era was based on upstream (mineral, lithium battery materials) and downstream (new energy vehicles, replacements)
3.2 Future development strategies suggest that, influenced by market trends and demand for industry chain players, business models in the past have been difficult to adapt to trends and meet the needs of all parties.
High, and has captured the energy portals for charging and switching power, while at the same time allowing for future upgrades to energy operators in line with the development of storage operations; Under the new business model, the collection model will be converted from sales earnings to rental gains. Lease returns are more linear and more stable than sales returns.
Demand: Reduced demand Trends: hardware homogenization, software differentiation 1: power cell business 2: storage energy system operation 3: lithium cell material operations
4: Battery recovery operation 5: Power replacement service operation 6: New Energy Motors business Cells as a core energy business model deconstructing battery operators: deep recovery of battery value, accumulation of data, improvement of energy efficiency
(b) Trends: lower profitability, poor product performance Relations between battery manufacturers and operators: manufacturers provide battery products to operators.
Relationships between operators, car companies and customers: car companies provide products other than batteries, and transport.
The operator provides the battery to the user in the form of a lease. The operator and the switchboard: the operator entrusts the battery to the switchboard, which allows professional maintenance; the switchboard will return the battery that cannot be used by the vehicle.
Operators, operators to battery recycling companies for ladder utilization. Operators and power stations, power utilities, grids: provision of electrical and chemical storage systems Demand: replacement experience upgrades, price reductions, etc.
Trends: Electrical and chemical storage can gradually take over the mainstream. Waste batteries that do not meet demand are transferred to operators for ladder use.
In the end, with the growing global demand for energy-saving reductions and the development of renewable energy sources, the automobile industry is moving toward a “new energyization” trend. Under this trend, the automobile industry chain has been reshaped, and power cells have gradually moved into the industry.
In the future, hundreds of millions of Euros will continue to focus on the development of industries and enterprises, and will continue to export research that has a value for industry and business investment. Thanks to companies, in-housers, and industry experts who have helped and collaborated in this report, and thanks in particular to the EU Director of Automobile Research, Wudong, the EU Vice-President and the EU Vice-President, Tanwoo, and the EU Director General, Tianyu, for his work with hundreds of millions of people.
Thank you for your important contribution to this report. Billion Euros Vice-President, Billion Euro Think Tank President, Billion Euros Vice-President, Billion Euros.
The think tank focuses on forward-looking scientific and technological research, represented by artificial intelligence, big data, mobile Internet, and research on the integration of forward-looking science and technology with traditional industries in different fields and industrial upgrading, including automobiles, finance, home, medical care, education, consumer goods, security, etc.; the think tank will seek to be based on an in-depth understanding of science and technology and an in-depth insight into the industry, with output impact and impact.
Professional industry studies, targeted enterprise-specific research and advisory services. The think tank team, drawn from well-known research companies, large groups of strategic research departments, and science and technology media, is an in-depth thinking and analysis capability, expertise in the field, and a resource-rich industry, with hundreds of millions of Euros of automobiles located in science and technology industry innovation service platforms, dedicated to the continued development and innovation of the automobile industry, providing information content for efficient circulation, and multi-dimensional value services.
The core business includes industrial research advice, industrial business meetings, auto-tech media, etc., content and services. The areas of interest include smart networks, autopilots, new energy sources, science and technology travel, and after-services, all of which go up and down.