Focusing on Growth with Potential to Win Infinite Futures — Inner Report of the Ninder Age (300,750.sz) 140820
Wu Ho Research Assistant, focused on growth and potential to win the future.
The company started with BMW power cells, using battery genes to determine the status of its power generation pool (300,750.sz.), which was then gradually accompanied by major international companies such as Mercedes, Popular, Tesla and others, with a high share of the global market in 2019.
With 28% of future orders in stock, the company will be the number one in the world in the field of power batteries. Battery switching costs are higher, and costs will be higher.
The next generation of electric vehicle development is mostly based on a new platform, model design, relative depth of 300 in the Ningde era, and it is completely different from the fuel vehicle, which will be more standardized in the design of batteries, with the company having the same performance.
Lithium power applications are extensive, storage capacity or next eruption. With the cost of lithium batteries falling in the country, using Wu Ho research assistants in the fields of ships, engineering machinery, etc.
Power cells are expected to be phased out in the future, small power cells are expected to be quickly replaced with lithium power in the last two years, and applications of power batteries are expected to become a potential market for companies. The storage market space is huge, and it is expected that the power cell will be regenerated.
Risk factors: lower than expected demand for new energy vehicles due to macroeconomic shortfalls: industry competition is lower than expected.
In the Ninder era, which is a highly competitive global lithium battery industry, we believe that: 1, the new energy automobile industry will increase by 25 per cent over the next 10 years: 2, management and the research and development team will focus on the rich experience of lithium batteries: 3, ongoing innovation mitigation efficiency gains, and global leadership in cost control: companies will increase by more than 30 per cent over the next three to five years.
Second, the perception that the market was different, and that the Ninder era had been hit more than expected. As domestic market subsidies fell, the market feared that companies would be exposed to overseas battery plants like lig, tristarsdi, and pine.
The impact of increased competition in China has led to a decline in the share of the domestic market, and we believe, on the one hand, that companies have established a large number of mainframes in the country, joint ventures, deep involvement in project development, and strong partnerships; on the other hand, that overseas battery companies are unable to expand as much as they are, and that the share of domestic power cells is expected to sustain a single company’s unique position. At the same time, markets are concerned that companies are less competitive and profitable abroad, and we believe that companies do not lose any of the world’s power cell companies in terms of product competitiveness.
Industry, with much more cost-control capabilities than overseas competitors, while companies have been in frequent contact with international mainframe plants for the last two years, and their ability to expand abroad is evident.2 The Ninder era was influenced by home-made batteries from the mainframe plant. Markets are concerned that home-made batteries disrupt the competitive patterns of power cells, and we believe that the ratio of home-grown batteries from the mainframe plant is not very high, while battery research and development is in the field of electrochemistry, the mainframe has no comparative advantage, while the cost of self-building is not necessarily higher than that of third-party suppliers.
The future profitability of the Ningde era is better than market expectations. As subsidies fall, markets worry that corporate profitability will be significantly affected, and we believe that companies have done a great deal in terms of reducing efficiency gains, and that 16 years have already produced ctp, and we expect that future cost reductions through technological innovation will be expected to continue beyond market expectations.
Profit predictions and investment ratings Popular meb production, Tesla state-made vehicle release, and technological changes in corporate products are on the rise.
The Ninder era, which was established in 2011, is currently the leading global power cell industry. The company has developed, produced and sold new energy-driven motor battery systems and storage systems, following policy trends, strictly controlling quality levels, and turning 10 years into industry leaders.
Since its inception, the market share of companies has been rising steadily, with more than half the share of the domestic market reaching 51% in 2019; client cooperation has been optimized, with clients abroad comprising mainly treasures, and scientific and technological gains constantly shifting. Domestically, the Ningde era has a space layout based on Ningde, Beijing, Hong Kong, Jiangsu, Qinghai, etc.: overseas, the Ningde era has laws, beauty, Japan, and the Canadian son-in-law.
The division, and the construction of plants in Europe, has created an advantage of size, both within and outside the country.2 Focused on research and development, the global layout, prefixed atl, with a genetic legacy. In 2011, the Ninder era became independent of the former atl. Atl was established in 1999 as a sticker for the domestic consumption of lithium electricity.
Ten thousand, now atl, have become the world’s largest polymer battery supplier. The Ninder era continued its technological and scale advantages, creating a new landscape in power cells.
In 2013, the company began to focus on lithium recycling and completed the initial set-up of the two core links of battery R & D + recovery.
In 2014, the company joined the international company, becoming the only BMW supplier in the Great China region. In the same year, the Ninder era established the Research and Development Centre, which created incentives for R & D, and a kpi system to improve the efficiency and quality of R & D.
In 2015, the company completed the reprofiling of the shares. With the re-establishment of the shares, the company continued to establish its subsidiaries, Jiangsu, Hong Kong, which initially formed a space layout centred on Ningde, Qinghai, Beijing, Jiangsu, Hong Kong, etc. The company was placed overseas, with the highest sales volume. In 2017, the company established subsidiaries in France, the United States, Canada, and Japan.
In 2018, the company ended its Unicorn career and went to the market. In the last decade, faced with intense industrial competition and a complex market environment, the Ninder era continued to run, with more than 50% of the country’s cities.
Figure 1: The company's development history, the company's controlling shareholders invest in Sresten, and the real control of the owner is Tsang and Li Ping. The founder used to hold 25,88% of the company indirectly by holding 100% of Sresten's investment shares.
The second-largest shareholder is the co-founder, Wong Shih-jin, with a share of 11.81%. Rob of the Ninder era showed a brief upswing and a steady moderate drop. In 2014-2015, driven by steady growth in demand in the power cell market and corporate technological superiority, the public sector was driven by a combination of a steady increase in demand in the power cell market.
The annual income of the division increased from about 860 million to 5.5 billion yuan, leading to a five-fold increase in roe. But, influenced by the rapid expansion of the company, capital restructuring and other factors, there is a huge scope for future development of lithium batteries from 2016 to 2018, figure 3: Ninder Times Dubon Analysis II.
1. Five times the number of electric cars in five, ten times the number of global policies that have accelerated the process of electricization. At the supply end, countries have long-term policy support for electric vehicles, and host plants have been determined to transform them, as a result of a combination of warming, environmental degradation, and the energy crisis.
The EU ' s current CO2 emissions regulations provide that the CO2 emissions per car must not exceed 130g, and in 2021 the standard will be raised to the highest ever 95g/km, with a penalty of Euro95/g* for vehicle sales if the target is not met. As the sales of the suv model with higher CO2 emissions increase, the EU ' s average CO2 emissions by car have increased by the same amount for the last two years, from 0.3% and 1.9% to 120.4g/km, respectively, in 2017 and 2018.
In April 2019, the European Council further specified that the average CO2 emissions by vehicle would be 15 per cent and 37.5 per cent lower in 2025 and 2030 than in 2021, respectively. Table 1: National subsidy policies in Europe have been followed by subsidies of 15 per cent for the purchase or rental of electric vehicles in Greece, 25 per cent for taxis and 40 per cent for bicycles in Greece.
Austria’s electric vehicle subsidy has been raised to €5,000, and the domestic drive for double-centre policy will gradually increase. The share of new energy vehicles in 2019 and 2020 is 10% and 12%. In September 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Finance issued needles, with a consumption of 2.9513,000, assuming that the associated companies are fully off-limits, it is expected that 720,000 points of negative fuel consumption will still need to be offset by the new energy car credits.
The two-point policy provides a safe basis for the sale of new energy vehicles. Assuming a 1% increase in fuel vehicles, the production of new energy vehicles in 2021-2023 was 314, 385 and 4.7 million, respectively, with full offsets of 155, 187 and 2.22 million, respectively.
Tesla makes the money, the electric car leads the tide. On the demand side, electric cars bring far more car experience than fuel cars, including intelligent driving, human interaction, acceleration, etc., and as consumption habits gradually improve, fuel trucks will be replaced by electric cars in most of the use scenes. Electric cars are more like a moving smart terminal. The electric car industry, for example, takes Tesla and completes the transformation of cars from iron to silicon.
With the most basic mobility, entertainment, interaction, energy mobility will eventually change the way of life of the human race.2 Power cells will increase by 31 per cent over 10 years and will be installed at 2200gwhh in 2030. We expect global electric vehicle sales to reach 38 million in 2030, with a penetration rate of close to 40 per cent. With global electric vehicle parities coming up, electric vehicles will accelerate replacement.
Fuel truck, 25% compound acceleration over the next 10 years. Correspondingly, as battery technology improves, it is expected to have a steady increase in single-car-band power, with a 10-year combined increase of 31% in power cells and a 2200gwhh load in 2030. 3. Storage can be expected to become the next platform for lithium power.
By 2018, the country's ERC was able to break through 1gw, with a projected breakthrough of 10gw in 2022, and close to 20gw in 2023. According to Bloombergnef, by 2040, the global storage project will have a cumulative load of 1095gw/2850gwh, and the storage system will become a practical alternative to traditional power generation facilities, with the storage market most likely to become the next blue sea for power-powered batteries.
Half of our energy storage system is used on the side of the user, 24 per cent on support services such as FM, AM, and 3 per cent of the demand for centralized renewable energy grid-connected services. The current lithium battery storage system is still relatively high, with electricity costs at $0.55/kwh, but when 20 per cent of the energy battery system drops and battery cycle life rises to 6,000 times, it will be reduced to 0.31/kwh, and the economy will gradually become apparent.
The Ninder era, which pre-positioned energy storage, has entered into a contract with the United States storage plant Powineergy for the supply of energy batteries at 1.85gwhh, with great potential for future development.4 In the electric age, lithium and electric ships take the lead. Electric ships have the advantages of green, zero pollution, low noise, and low operating costs, and contribute to efficient energy savings.
By 2025, the market demand for lithium batteries for domestic electric ships will reach 38.3gwh. Unmanned, mechanically electricized. In the Ningde era, the annual sales of our mine cards will be about 10,000 vehicles, 70% of which will result in market space of more than 1gwh.
In the meantime, engineering and mechanical motorization of applications such as ports, cities, etc., has begun to increase rapidly, with great prospects for development. With the spread of electricization, future modes of travel, whether by land, bicycles, motorcycles, cars, ships or air or air, will be expected to use lithium power-driven power, lithium, batteries, etc.
iii. Technology-led industries, where costs dominate high point 1, genetic casting the future, power batteries start to lead technological change in the industry. The Ninder era pioneered the construction of ctp battery packages using its patents on core assembly and cooling, core and bms. The company started 15 years ago.
Handctp research and development, with BMW cooperation projects on the ground, the company’s understanding of systemized battery packages is at the forefront of the industry. In October 19 the company released a global start-up ctp battery package, developed jointly with the new energy source North, which, in cost terms, increased the volume of ctp batteries by 15-20%, reduced the number of spare parts by 40%, increased production efficiency by 50%, and, when applied, significantly reduced the manufacturing cost of power cells.
Battery manufacturers with ctp technology have a strong voice in the bargaining process. In addition, companies have extensive research on ctc, multiple safe and reliable technologies, high-energy-density batteries, long-lived batteries, super-environmental adaptive, super-facilitating technologies, and are expected to continue to act as technology leaders in the future.
In 2014, the Ninder era worked with the international luxury brand BMW to become the only BMW supplier in the Great China region. It worked with the global mainframes, including the public, Tesla, Toyota, General, Volvo, and others, both demonstrating the company ' s technical strength and industry, and raising the company ' s future.
Car products, in order to fit the layout of the original fuel vehicle, are arranged in a variety of ways, resulting in very low standardization of battery packages and high requirements for coordination between batteries and vehicles. During this transition, the company obtained most of the orders from the mainframe plant, drawing on an in-depth understanding of the battery and the vehicle itself. The new generation of pure power platforms is based on the layout of the battery system as a core element. For example, the battery system is made up of variable modules that are flexible and save space.
The level of standardization of power cells is expected to rise to a new level, and companies are far more competitive in their product power, have significant cost advantages and are expected to gain a higher market share.
The company has a close relationship with atl, has a great deal of lithium battery research and development experience, and by the end of 2019 it and its subsidiaries had 2,484 patents, and core production was in the company’s own hands, with technology leading the way, which would guarantee the company’s cost lead and product rotation.
Co-operative processing, processing fees are accounted for on the basis of cost, resulting in significant reductions in production costs. Taken together, companies have developed complete and refined management of battery materials, battery systems, battery recovery, etc., with increasing consistency. The company’s process-wide digital plant industry is leading, allowing for full process control, greater consistency of batteries, and effective reduction in production. The company has automated 100% of its production from material handling to equipment feeding, including automation processes such as plasma cleaning processes, high-precision core coatings, etc.
Consistency has become a major driver of corporate efficiency gains.4 Rapid expansion, with visible scale effects, continued high capacity utilization, and confidence. Corporate capacity has expanded rapidly, from 3gwh in 15 years to 53gwh in 19 years, owing to high demand for products.
The company has increased its capacity utilization by $19.7 billion for the expansion of four power and storage battery projects, the construction of a total battery capacity of 52gwhh, the Huxi project (16gwh), the Jiangsu era III (24gwh), the Sichuan era phase (126wh) and the storage energy research and development project (investment of 3 billion). With the release of capacity, the company’s industry is expected to increase further, and the scale effect is expected to increase gradually.
Power cells are the company’s current core business. We believe that in the future, as the penetration rate of electric vehicles increases rapidly, the company is expected to grow at a high rate with its strong product power.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.