Design and distribution went hand in hand, and the third largest chis leader in the world re-shipped — first-time coverage of Weir shares and completion of M & As, company entry into the cis market, first-time coverage, “very recommended” rating
The company’s main semiconductor design and distribution business, the successful acquisition of Howie and Spico in Beijing, and its official entry into the emerging cis market. We believe that, in the current context of the accelerated nationalization of semiconductor core devices, Howe in Beijing, as the third largest company in the world, would benefit fully from the wave of major developments in the optical industry.
In addition, the company’s new business is more synergized with its original business and looks forward to its future development. • Multifactorialally driven market boom growth, the cis sector’s large market space is one of the core components of the optical module, with the highest cost and overall cost of the camera module
The downstream industry is widely used, and market demand continues to erupt. According to icinsights, downstream applications are mainly in the areas of cell phones, consumption, computers, security, cars, industry, among others, mobile phones are the largest end-user market for cis, with 61 per cent of sales in 2018.
$8.6 billion, with cellular sales expected to reach $9.8 billion by 2023, which is the main driving force behind annual market growth in the market, with the design and distribution of automobiles, security, industrial cis sales expected to go hand in hand by 2023, and the third largest chis leading manufacturer in the world.
HowieTechnology and Spico's main business are both cos research and marketing, and when the M & A is completed, the design is the company's core business. HowieTech is the third largest provider of science after Sony and Samsung, with a global leader in technology. By restructuring, the company has achieved vertically low-end high-school products in the field of Cis.
Full coverage: HowieTech is responsible for high-end cis research and development, volume production, and product definition and exhibition in emerging markets, and Spico is responsible for medium- and low-end cis research and development and volume production. We believe that there is a clear synergy between companies and HoweTech and Sbisk, and that there are prospects for the development of the cis, the third largest cis manufacturer in the world, will sail again.
1. Design and distribution of integrated semiconductor manufacturers 1.1, semiconductor design start-up, in- and out-of-life extension of operational boundaries.
At its inception, the company was mainly involved in semiconductor separations such as tvs, mosfet, the design and sale of power management products, and in 2013 in avoiding peer competition and reducing associated transactions, the company acquired 100% of the shares in Hong Kong and Beijing, both of which were in the hands of Hong Kong and Beijing.
All were involved in the distribution of semiconductor products; the company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2017; and the Public Prosecutor ' s Department issued shares in 2018 to purchase assets and acquire the Beijing Howie and Spico advancecnos image sensor market.
1.2 The company's main business is semiconductor design and distribution. The company's main business is divided into semiconductor R & D and semiconductor distribution: (1) semiconductor R & D major products include semiconductor separation devices (including tvs, mosfet, etc.).
Shortki diodes, etc.), power management ic (including ldo, dc-dc, led backlight drive, switch, etc.), live feed chips and radio frequency chips.
(b) In the semiconductor distribution business, the products distributed by agents of companies include passive (including resists, capacitors, electric senses, etc.), structural devices, stand-alone and integrated circuits, radio frequency magnifiers, modules, other power.
Subcomponents, etc., are widely used in mobile communications, vehicle electronics, security, network communications, home appliances, etc. The customer side, as one of the main distributors of semiconductor products in the country, provides new product promotions, rapid samples, application advice, programme design support, development rings for major domestic oems, odms, ems manufacturers.
Integrated solutions for semiconductor products in border, post-sale and logistics. 1.3. Firms operate robustly and the scale of operations continues to expand. Annual operating revenues of $3.964 billion, a significant increase of 64.74 per cent over the previous few years, mainly due to the fact that they have grown at a much faster rate than in the past few years.
The company’s distribution business performed brightly, taking advantage of market constraints, and actively expanding the market coverage of its customers as a result of clear breakthroughs in such markets as industrial equipment, security electronics, etc. The company’s net profits did not increase at a significant rate compared to operating income, mainly because of the company’s restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2017, which cost amortization in 2018.
Māori net interest rates have remained relatively stable and the ratio of management fees has increased significantly. With regard to Māori rates, the company ' s slow growth in Māori rates over the past few years has been due to a gradual improvement in Māori rates in distribution and an increase in semiconductor design services with a high Māori rate, with a significant increase in management costs in 2018, mainly due to equity incentives
It is planned to amortize $259 million in 2018. There has been a certain decline in net interest rates, which is mainly a gradual increase in the share of management costs, the share of operating costs, the share of corporate sales costs and finance costs, which remains relatively stable, and the share of distribution services growing faster than the R & D design business, which continues to rise.
In 2012-2018, revenue from the export product distribution business increased from $741 million to $3.28 billion, compound growth from $831 million a year to 17.86 per cent.
In terms of R & D costs, companies attach great importance to technological R & D and continue to increase their R & D inputs. Corporate R & D fees and receipts continue to grow, at $167 million in 2018, accounting for 4.21 per cent of operating income.
In 2016-2018, the size of the company ' s R & D team stood at 240 people, 289 people, 339 people, and the company ' s R & D team grew steadily by 17-20%. The firm ' s absolute and share of R & D costs increased from year to year.
The fall in roe was driven mainly by a decline in asset turnover and net interest rates.
2.1. Cis: The optical core component, which is widely marketed, is a device that converts light signals to telecoms and is one of the core components of the optical module. Image sensors can be divided into two categories, ccd and cmos, depending on the component.
Models include components such as lenses, audio loop motors, infrared filters, cos image sensors, driveic, etc., of which cmos image sensors are the most core and cost-most, accounting for 52 per cent of the total cost of the camera module as a whole.
The coms image sensor technology is clearly superior and dominates the market. Prior to the cis, the image sensor was mainly based on ccd (the charge-coupled device), which was the same photovoltaic conversion principle, but the signal was read differently, and each pixel sensor unit in the cis had its own amplifier and could be singled out.
Address and read out; and all charges generated by the light of all pixel sensor units in ccd are subjected to voltage conversion by the same amplifier by lei. ccd differs significantly from cmos performance due to technical differences, starting with signal transmission speed, and ccd
There is a need to process the information of the pixel sensor unit on a case-by-case basis, so it is slow and volatilized, while cós is free of the problem; and secondly, the high production cost of ccd, which is mainly due to control problems, and when there is a problem with ccd, there must also be a problem in the form of pixels, so it can only be destroyed, and cós, if something bad happens, as long as it isn't.
Too many algorithms are available for shielding. So the cos technology has quickly been replaced with low-power, low-cost, high-intensity, etc. in the civil consumer electronics market, which is now more than 99%, while ccd continues to be used only in specialized fields such as satellites, medicine, etc.
According to icinsights, sales of cmos video sensors reached $14.2 billion in 2018, combined growth of 13.9 per cent in 2013-2018 and global sales of cmos video sensors will reach $21.5 billion in 2019, combined growth of 8.7 per cent in 2018-2023.
In terms of applications, downstream cis is mainly in the areas of mobile phones, consumption, computers, security, automobiles, industry, among which mobile phones are the largest end-user market for cos image sensors, accounting for 61 per cent of sales in 2018, amounting to $8.6 billion, and are expected to reach $9.8 billion by 2023, or around $9.8 billion.
45 per cent of the total market, with a 2.6 per cent compound growth rate; a combined annual growth rate of 5.6 per cent to $990 million in 2023 for cmos image sensors in PCs and tablets; and a car system as the fastest growing area for cmos image sensor applications, with sales reaching $3.2 billion in 2023, with an increase in the annual composite growth rate
It is 29.7% long, accounting for 15% of the market's total sales in the current year (6% in 2018); moreover, it is expected that security, industrial sensors and other applications, in addition to mobile phones, will be the main driving force behind the growth of the comps image sensor market in the next five years.
2.2, 3 + 3 dsensing continues to spread, and the demand space for cis is expected to increase exponentially by 2.2.1, is popular with consumers, and double + 3 are expected to penetrate continuously.
The data show that global smartphone exports are expected to decline by 4.1% in 2018, with the top six cell phone manufacturers being Samsung, Apple, Huayuan, Mi, Opo, vivo. Despite the slowdown in cellular output, consumers have achieved high optical coke for smartphones, background decomposition, static graphic processing capacity, facaid.
The demand for applications of new technologies, etc., has gradually increased, with more mobile phones starting to adopt double, triple, and 3dsensing modules, thus driving the rapid development of the cos image sensor. One of the core functions of video-imaging smartphones, with a rapid increase in double and triple penetration.
One of the important factors in consumer selection is the use of cameras as a different location to rob customers of mobile phones. Since one-camera pixel upgrades are nearing their limit and their cellular phone size and thickness limits limit the ability to raise cels without restrictions, manufacturers have chosen to upgrade the camera function by increasing the number of cameras.
The arms race in mobile operators has led to a rapid increase in demand for cellular cameras, most notably double cameras, from high-end flag ships such as iphonexs to low-end machines such as red ricepro, which are becoming more and more common in mobile phones. According to China's Information and Communications Institute, 64% of the country's sales of mobile phones in 2018 were followed by double cameras, which is projected to be 2019.
In addition, three shots of high-end mobile phones have been introduced since 2018, and four shots have been added to the latest p30pro. According to the company’s financial statements in the industrial chain, the price of the current double-models ranged from $12 to $30, with high-end output.
The price of the iPhone module is around $30, considering that we'll take $15 as an average price as the cost drops in the future, and the market size of the double model is projected to be over $10 billion by 2019, based on the coms image sensor accounting for 52 per cent of the market size of the camera set.
The market size will reach $5.2 billion. Measuring the cos demand driven by the increase in cellular double penetration: the annual compound growth rate (cagr) is 16.91%. 2.2.2, 3 dsensing is on the rise, and the huge market space is expected to be another pusher for cis demand.
In September 2017, the iphonex that supports face-to-face identification triggered a wave of smartphone 3dsensing. The 3dsensing master features a new module for measuring depths, which can show a much more stereo picture.
The components are mainly infrared light transmitters, infrared image sensors (ircós) and visible image sensors (viscós), image processing chips, filters or lenses. 3dsensing currently has three options, structure light and tof are more applicable. 3dsensing is currently available.
There are three mainstream programmes, namely structural light, tof and bi-directional imaging, and three working principles of which are all infrared laser launchers that launch near infrared light, are reflected on the human face, infrared information is received by infrared light cmos, and the information is aggregated into image processing chips, gets three-dimensional data from the human face, spatial positioning, differentiation.
It's about the way you get three-dimensional data from near-infrared light, which is scattered, and tof, which is the source of surface light, which is expected to grow in space with 3dsensing in the future because of its high accuracy and low power.
Identifying distance, downstream applications will no longer be limited to face recognition in front of a cell phone, or will appear in back of a cell phone for technology like ar/vr. Microsoft introduced xbox360 in 2014, with a combination of kinectsing carrying tof technology to achieve 3dsensing, although ultimately, due to the limitations of algorithms and hardware and software at the time, it has had a poor experience.
The production cut-off, but as technology advances, the experience of 3dsensing will rise dramatically in the future, opening up the space for growth. The market for 3dsensing, or $18.5 billion, and the market for related cmos image sensors, will reach $2.7 billion.
$18.5 billion, or 44 per cent, of cagr, will be driven by consumer markets, especially mobile demand, which is expected to be 82 per cent, car electronics, industrial and commercial applications, and other high-end markets will also enter the fast-growing corridors, and the coms image sensor demand as an important component of 3dsensing is expected.
A significant increase will reach $2.7 billion by 2023. Measuring the needs of cos image sensors driven by the increased penetration of mobile phones by 3dsensing: a cis is expected to reach 786 million by that time, and the cagr will reach 161.41% between 2017 and 2020.
2.3 Auto-smartity will provide a long-term driver for the needs of the cis. The rapid increase in the electronic size of the car is expected to boost the high growth of the adas. According to the China-China Air Association, the global vehicle production in 2017 was 97.325 million vehicles, an increase of 2.36 per cent over the previous year. No, according to lmcautomotive projections.
As car intelligence advances, the car electronics market continues to grow, with the adas growing the fastest. The market is estimated at US$ 7,088 million annually, and at US$ 21,447 million in 2022, with a compound growth rate of 20.27 per cent;
Global automobile production continues to grow, and global automobile production is expected to remain high.
Car-borne cameras are constantly increasing, car intelligence is advancing, high-car-cam loads and high-cost cameras are creating a huge car-car-cam market. There are two main factors for building large market spaces for vehicle-mounted cameras, one being the push of adas.
Single-car cams were loaded to 5-8 or more; second, the vehicle-car camera unit cost was higher. According to Yole, the size of the video module market in the automobile area was expected to reach $2 billion; according to icinsights, the sales of car-borne cos image sensors could reach $2.8 billion in 2017-2022, with a high annual compound growth rate.
38.4%, at that time, will account for 15% of the overall market share of the commos image sensor. The automobile industry is huge, with about $2 billion or more of the vehicle-borne cameras.
The vehicle camera is the main visual sensor for adas, and more than 80% of the adas technology is applied to cameras, such as traffic deviation alerts,
Pre-crash alerts, pedestrian crash alerts, car lane maintenance aids, emergency brake brake brakes, self-adaptation cruises, traffic signs, identification, etc., which require 5-8 cameras, including single-vision cameras, double-cam cameras, wide-area vehicle-mounted video-memplifier units, which are more expensive than cellular cameras because of the complexity of the use of vehicle cameras.
Its higher requirements for camera stability, combined with special specifications, have led to an increase in the unit price of the vehicle camera module towards adas, which will drive traffic from the car with the cos image sensor. According to Sadie's consultants, the overall penetration rate of the adas in 2017 was about 5%, with a high detection penetration rate in the blind zone reaching 12.1%.
By 2020, the overall penetration rate of adas is expected to reach 30 per cent, the detection penetration rate of blind areas will reach 67.7 per cent, the rate of penetration of the beneficiary adas will increase and the penetration of the vehicle cams will rise, while driving the traffic acos map adas is expected to reach 30 per cent in the next three years.
Measuring the needs of cmos image sensors for vehicle cameras: by 2020, the penetration of adas is expected to reach 25 per cent, the number of car bicycle cameras with adas is expected to increase to five, and by 2020, the requirements for cmos image sensors are expected to reach 136 million, and by 2017-2020, the cagr to 92.72 per cent.
2.4. In the field of security, the cis will complete the replacement of ccd. The cis has already achieved the replacement of ccd with the general security camera application. In the field of security, there are two main applications for security cameras, i.e., the general security camera application and the ints (intelligent traffic) application.
With global exposure, high-speed object immobilization, and the use of flash patches, a lot of applications have been made in the field of security surveillance image transfer sensors. But with the maturity of the coms image sensor technology, it has worked well and at a lower cost, replacing ccd with the general security camera application. But in the field of smart traffic,
Surveillance mainly involves the taking and identification of license plates for unauthorized vehicles, especially at night, which must be supplemented with flashlights, flashlights, flashlights and flashlights, but the cmos image sensor is a roller-like exposure that cannot be completed under flashlights and flashlights, and therefore the main image sensor is ccd in the area of its.
In terms of market size, the global video surveillance market has reached $15.83 billion in 2016, and is projected to exceed $20 billion by 2020, with a capr of 6.3%, even if the impact of the use of ccd in the area of smart traffic is excluded, the cos image sensor
There is still a huge market space in the field of surveillance and surveillance. Global security has reached 184 million shipments in 2017 and is expected to reach 305 million in 2022, with an annual compound growth rate of 11.95 per cent.
Design operations: The company will benefit fully from the accelerated national production of semiconductor core devices.
Other products are still in the process of opening up the market, which is a relatively small share. Their autonomous design products are used downstream, mainly in consumer electronics, network communications, and so on. In 2018, the company's chip product design business received 831 million yuan, and its middle tvs, power ic, mosfet, radio frequency revenues were 3.97, 1.97, 124, 700 million, respectively.
Technology accumulates, clients have a wealth of resources, products are competitive, and national production substitution is gradually opening. Companies have been focusing on technological R & D, increasing their R & D inputs, and relying on excellent R & D tools and capabilities, in tvs, etc.
In the case of tvs, the company was one of the first companies to enter the field as the most important core of tvs.
The art package goes to product performance, and the technology of the company’s products has reached the level of international front-line manufacturers and has been recognized by a wide range of customers. For its clients, the company’s products have been recognized by a growing number of mainstream cellular manufacturers, and the company has been certified by more than 200 customers, including conglomerate groups, Mi, cool pie, high-pacing, sea.
The company’s own-designed tvs product is about 18% of the country’s mobile phones, ranking second. The products tvs, mosfet, power source i.e. are currently dominated by infinion, nxp, etc.
In large foreign firms, domestic producers account for only a small share of the market. Many of the company’s core technologies in the field of tvs are comparable to those of international manufacturers, while the share of the company’s products is expected to increase continuously in a context of domestic substitution due to cost, customer and service advantage.
In 2017, the global semiconductor industry experienced a wave of lack of goods, ranging from storage, silicon crystal circle to mosfet, mcu, etc. The lack of goods led to delays in delivery and higher prices, as well as past mosfet, trim and other products.
The delivery cycle of the transistor is about 8 to 12 weeks, and the delivery period has been extended to 30 to 40 weeks and prices have continued to rise, owing to the current lack of goods, such as mosfet, the semiconductor, the vishay, etc., which has long been monopolized by major international firms such as Euro-American Day, and domestic firms can take advantage of the easing of the price boom.
The environment is an opportunity to fill industrial vacancies. The company is one of the country's first design divisions to start doing medium- and low-pressure trechmosfet, and the research and development mosfet has on several occasions gained the title of the Shanghai High-Change Project for the Transformation of New Technologies, with core research and development staff with more than seven years of experience in this field and a wealth of products and technology.
3.2. Distribution operations: steady growth in size and synergy are evident.
The company's distribution channels are spread throughout the country's mainstream mobile brands, distribution networks cover the entire country, and distribution products cover consumer electronics, notes, and other products.
In the areas of this computer, vehicle electronics, security surveillance, network communications, smart meters, home appliances, industry, and new energy sources, the main agents and sellers of Swangbao, Khun Kwan, South Asia, Matsu, Molex, avx, Jiang Bolong, Litepoint, Taiwan Crystalcraft, the Great National Star, Samsung, etc., are dozens of well-known semiconductor manufacturers in the country and abroad.
The growth in market demand in areas such as physical networking, with the company distribution business receiving $3.28 billion in 2018, an increase of 107.26% over the same period, and a significant increase in the Māori rate to 20.79%, largely benefiting from the increase in prices of milcc production power-stressed agents. There is a clear competitive advantage, and the distribution business is at the forefront of the industry.
In addition, the company has a high-tech, high-implementing, high-service on-site technology support team with an engineer (fae) for the product performance, technical parameters, new product characteristics, etc. of the company's proxy plant.
It is well understood that it can help the former plant quickly import its products into the market; for downstream electronics manufacturers, it can offer product applications based on the needs of the customer's R & D project and help the client reduce R & D costs so that it can concentrate its own resources on the production and marketing of electronics, while also better understand the needs of the customer.
After many years of accumulation and deep-farming, the company’s distribution business is at the forefront of the industry and has a high profile within the industry. Strategic positioning is clear, and synergies with chip design are clear.
Planning, complementary to design operations, is designed to complement the design business to meet the diversified market needs of end-users. Compared to other semiconductor designers, firms can use their own distribution system channels to obtain more comprehensive market information, understand customer needs, and target the relevant segmented markets.
Through the accumulation of technology in product design operations, autonomous R & D design and acquisition of relevant design business companies, firms can rapidly upgrade their overall technology level, provide better solutions and professional guidance to downstream end-users, further enhance customer stickyness and enhance the firm ' s core competitiveness.
3.3. Merger and purchase of Beijing Howie and Spico, entry into the cnos image sensor field. According to a company announcement, companies issue shares to purchase 85.53 per cent of Beijing Howie, 42.27 per cent of Spico and 79.93 per cent of the visual sources, while offering no more than 10 eligible selected investors a price request.
Publicly released up to $2 billion for corporate construction projects and intermediary fees. Since the main asset of the purchase is Speculators, whose main asset is 53.85% of the shares, once the deal has been completed, Weir shares will hold 89.45% of the shares of Howie Beijing, 79.93% of the shares of the source of the message, both directly and indirectly.
Quer shares formerly held 1.97 per cent of the share in Howie Beijing, indirectly holding 12.50 per cent of the share in Hawei Beijing through Shenzhen City, Shenzhen City, Shenzhen City, and Weil Semiconductor, Hong Kong, Ltd.
Will’s shares now together hold 100% of the shareholdings of Howell, Beijing, directly or indirectly. The pledge of the Merger and Purchase Performance Pledging Party is that the deductions for Haughey, Beijing, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2021 will be no less than $13.46 million, $24.23 million, and $35 million, respectively.
From its inception, Howie U.S. has been engaged in the design, production and sale of image sensors. The company is also known as Sony, Japan, and Samsung, Korea.
The three leading global image sensor suppliers, including cios image sensors, asic, micro-image module encapsulation technology and lcos, have applications in smartphones, vehicle cameras, medical cameras, surveillance equipment, drones, vr/ar cameras, etc.
The company's comcos image sensors are mainly used in product design and development, with light asset models operating. The semiconductor product design industry has two main business models: the Idm model and the Fabless model, the Idm model is a vertical integration manufacturer, and companies need more than just one.
Independently designed chips also need to be integrated into the whole business of crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation tests, using the idm model to be more demanding for enterprise R & D levels, manufacturing levels, financial strength, organizational management capabilities, usually only for technology, highly funded manufacturers, such as Intel, Samsung, Ti, ISFs, etc.;
i.e. an integrated circuit design firm in a no-crystal factory, unlike the idm enterprise, an enterprise that uses the Fabless is only engaged in the design and sale of integrated circuits, while links such as crystal-crypting, encapsulation testing, etc., are outsourced to external firms. The advantage of this model is that companies can concentrate their resources on the R & D design of chips, while the scale effect is clear.
The outsourcing of manufacturing links to crystal-crystal plants allows firms to quickly develop specific products that satisfy the market, while reducing the research and development cycle and risks of the products. The U.S. Howell’s production model is also the Fables model, with only part of the product being tested by the U.S. Howe’s company, and all the other manufacturing links, all of which are owned.
The production patterns of the American Howie's main product, the cos image sensor, are based on downstream applications, where the company's products are used mainly in the market for mobile phones, security, cars, etc.
In Beijing, Howell's mobile business received $5,022 million, or 57.81 per cent, and the company was the world's third-largest cmos image manufacturer after Sony and Samsung; security block business income was 1,463 million, or 16.84 per cent; motor block business income was $1,179 million, or 13.57 per cent; and the remaining downstream industry was the main industry.
With the impact of a slight and product restructuring, the company voluntarily contracted some of its low-morigin products in 2018 while concentrating more resources on mobile phones, security, automobiles, medical care, vr/ar in five major areas, thus despite the company's impact on one-time tax matters in 2018, etc.) After deducting the above-mentioned cost effects, Beijing-Holo in 2017 and 2018
The net profits of Will were $199 million and $413 million, respectively, with significant increases in profitability and profitability. 3.3.2, Spico: Focusing on low-end cos image sensor markets, complementary to Howie in Beijing. Spico, similar to Howie in Beijing, has been engaged in integrated circuit design since its inception, focusing on research and development.
For smart phones, tablet computers, wearing devices, security surveillance, smart cars, drones, machine visuals, medical images, interactive games, mobile Internet, object networking, cos image sensor design in special equipment, and overall solution development and marketing.
Fingerprint recognition, Iris recognition, medical images, mapping, etc., special, value-added sensor chips are developed using the Fables model, which retains the post-envelope product test. Spico, unlike the traditional Fables model, retains the post-envelope product test, mainly because of the image sensor test.
The performance indicators and parameters are not the only criteria for a test product to be qualified, as compared to the content of other electronic components tests. Spico is considering cost and so on, preserving the test period and leaving the final test of the product to Too Harsco.
Cios is a core camera module component that focuses on low- and medium-end products and is more affected by industry competition. The company’s main product is concentrated in mid- and low-end products ranging from 80,000 pixels to 8 million pixels, and the product is more competitive, so that the company’s capture is more affected by competition.
The annual growth rate in corporate revenue was 0.25 per cent, mainly due to the fact that the company's middle- and low-end cos image sensor market had been affected by the continued decline in product prices for months, the fact that there had been no significant growth in revenue collection and, after August, the combined effect of upstream capacity constraints and rising downstream demand, a more pronounced upward trend in prices for the same products in the market and a favourable firm.
Prices have been adjusted, resulting in an increase in operating income of between 3261 and 610 million yuan in 2018. 3.4, coupled with $2 billion to build production lines and strengthen competitive advantages.
The purpose of the crystal circle test and the re-assembly containment project is to eliminate bad products and reduce the cost of manufacturing, while the crystal circle re-assembly covers the back grinding, cutting, cleaning, etc., of the tested crystal circle.
After the elimination of bad products, they are reassembleded into a brand-new good crystal circle. The project is expected to invest $183,999.98 million to complete the delivery, adding a 12-inch crystal test volume of 420,000 pieces/year, 12 inches/year, 360,000 pieces/year of recombinant reconstructed, and to achieve an average annual sales income of $741.881 million per year for the post-partum project.
Taking advantage of industry development opportunities and further expanding production capacity to enhance competitive advantage to meet growing chip demand. Companies have extensive technical patents and management experience in the design and process development of image sensors, leading the industry.
The crystal circle of the sensor circle tested the production line, which reached the end of the year, with better production rates, production costs, and production efficiencies than those of the factory. Until 2018, the company crystal test and crystal re-engineering operations were outsourced mainly to the manufacturer, with a monthly production capacity of 3-4 million 12-inch crystal roundes, and will grow as smartphones load the cameras.
The development of smart cars, autopilots, vr/ar, etc., will further increase the need for cameras, as will the need for company crystal-crystal tests and crystal-crystal re-engineering. This second extension project is expected to further increase the company’s self-sufficiency, reduce supply chain risks, improve production efficiency, and reduce costs for companies to capture cos images.
Ideas market opportunities, increased profitability, and increased city occupancy. The main process of the semiconductor semiconductor crystal re-engineering invests in the silicone crystal (lcos) high-resolution project to show the chip production line, which is to be expected in the future.
Crystal, a very small matrix LCD display based on reflective mode, with a structure that uses silicon cos chip as a reflective lcd chip, then plating aluminium as a reflector to form a cnos base plate, then binds the cnos base plate to a glass base plate with a transparent electrodes, injects the liquid crystal, and seals it.
Try. Lcos is more likely to achieve a high resolution of 4k, 8k, Icos uses 10 fractions, using light-efficient, small size, high opening rate, more sophisticated manufacturing techniques than penetrating lcd and dlp, and can be used in projecting, ar/vr microscopic, vehicle-mounted Hud display, coloured electricity, digital cameras.
The first 12-inch lcos silicon crystal projection of the world has been completed by the Howard semiconductor, which shows the chip production line, with 600,000 annual lcos chips. The project is expected to produce 2.2 million new lcos chips per year after delivery, and the project is expected to generate an average annual sales income from the postnatal project.
34.408 million yuan, with an average annual net profit of $44.611.7 million. Figure 43: lcos panel structure, in line with technological trends, captures industry priorities.
The major concern is that lcos technology is one of the most advanced in the world today. It has the advantages of high resolution, high light efficiency, high contrast, high colour saturation and low cost compared to lcd, dlp, crt, dlv projection technology, and it has not yet emerged as a monopoly to master the lcos technology and achieve the first stage.
Industrialized companies, whose products have attained industry leadership in terms of performance, power and integration, have a clear pre-eminence, and are expected to further enhance their competitive edge and take advantage of industry development through this expansion. (1) Merger and acquisition are officially completed, with Beijing Hauway and Spico formally listed together.
(2) The firm ' s design business is growing steadily, the distribution business is stable, the Beijing Howie business is developing well, (3) Māori rates and triple-fees: Māori ratios are increasing as the self-research business improves competitiveness, product structure improves; Māori rates are increasing as the distribution business increases the price of the capacitor in 2018 and some electronic units
We believe that, in the current context of the accelerated nationalization of semiconductor core devices, howwelle in Beijing, the world’s third-largest cis manufacturer, will fully benefit from the surge in the optical industry. Moreover, the company’s new business has a stronger synergy with its original business, looking at the company’s future prospects.
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating was given. Substitution of the core equipment at home was not as fast as expected; downstream development of the cis was less than expected; increased trade frictions, competition and competition