Material material  China's Great Stone: A fire in the U.S. production line, a solid step forward in internationalization: the launch of 96,000 tons of U.S. production line in the United States.
The expansion of the production line at a time when the trade war had escalated was conducive to the expansion of the United States market: the first production line of the Department, located in North America, had an original capacity of 80,000 tons, and then had a combined effect as a result of the escalation in trade, and the company announced on 25 April that it would be replenished and expanded to 96,000 tons.
With the recent introduction of a 25 per cent tariff policy on 10 May, which measures the current overall export of United States fibre products at 29-33 per cent, it is expected that access to the United States market will be reduced for products originating in China, and that local production and distribution will help companies to further expand the United States market.
The three-continental strategy is a solid step forward: the production line will grow by 5.6 per cent to 18.1818 million tons, of which 296,000 tons will be produced overseas, raising its share to 16.3 per cent, a solid step in the company’s strategy for the three continents.
It also represents the acceleration of the process of internationalization of companies and the deepening of the “outside supply” strategy: in the medium and long term, the US layout will enhance corporate profitability: although compared to domestic projects, total sea equity/flow (million shares)
The initial investment and labour costs of foreign projects are usually higher, but we believe that the overall market value/flow (million dollars) layout of the United States in the medium to long term will enhance corporate profitability: 1) companies in the United States are more owned than domestic companies.
Cheap logistics and energy costs (e.g. domestic electricity prices, gas prices about two times the United States left right), 2) US layout can save transportation costs and tariffs from domestic exports, etc.
(b) Improved supply and demand patterns and the turning point in the fibre-optic industry: we believe that 201901 is the mid-term end of the industry.
China Stones (600176) China Stones: From Cost Lead to Differences, Protein Dragons lead to a similar slowdown in the expansion of external production capacity (about 20.19 million tonnes) and new production capacity in 2018
We are already struggling with the edge of the profit-and-loss balance, and the bottom of the price is being supported, and as the economy and demand are warming, we believe that the development of new infrastructure, such as wind and power cuts and 5g base stations in 2019, will further boost the demand for high-end products, thereby accelerating the trend of industrial differentiation, which will benefit the head-line firms most.
Investment proposal: After a reversal of prior-period equity prices, the company's risk return is relative to the value of the acquired value; Securities Analysis Assistant: Depressive; Certificate of Professional Qualification code:
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.