Second half of 2024: good overall performance, equity investment, research assistant, Ro Woo-Kang incident: company reports 2024-month, yielding business income of between 4.2 and 30.2 billion yuan.
▪ Investment operations are growing, investment banks are under pressure: 1) bond investment capacity is strong, and the equity investment industry is growing largely because of the strong corporate bond investment capacity. 2) Investing operations are still industry leaders. Entrepreneurship is relatively low, retail securities are underperforming, and 1) there is a slight decline in management income.
In the first half of 2024, the net income from corporate management operations was the same as -8.26 to 49, and the net profit increase was ranked first in the middle of 24; in the first half of 2024, the number of summer fund products was maintained as industry leaders, while the size of the business was maintained as industry leaders.
The IMF is growing faster. 2) Brokering is relatively robust, with net interest earnings falling.  Industry-friendly policies are frequent, with priority benefiting head agencies: 1) Supply-side structural reforms contribute to overall industry optimization. In 2024, the relevant departments, such as the SEC, issued financial, procedural transactions, and listings.
Guidance or evaluation rules on how to work in the areas of mentoring, insurance, cross-border fund management, and financial consultant operations for major asset restructuring further improve capital market infrastructure. Since the launch of the “Creation 8” there has been a marked increase in industrial M&A activity, with Sino-Kin's combined operations strong.
They expect that they will give priority to the policy dividend, promote efficiency in corporate operations and medium- and long-term valuation pole 2), and accelerate industrial integration. In 2024, mergers and acquisitions in the securities industry were recombined.
The development of the shares of Tung-jong securities held by the Cenglong shares reflects the rapid pace of industrial integration, the further enhancement of market competitiveness and the scale of business by headbillers through M&A restructuring, and the potential benefits for headbills such as CCM to diversify their operations and achieve wide market coverage.)
The new Nine Nations and related policies provide a clear path to development and support for the bond-brokers industry and help to promote a balanced assessment of high-quality bonds: overall performance is better than industry and top-level advantages are evident.
The Sino-Trust securities, as the industry’s leader, are well-capitalized, and are expected to be driven by policies that will lead to further excellence and cross-cutting business development.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: capital market reforms continue to be optimized, macroeconomics recover gradually, and the headlines
Bonders are more capable of managing risks and enjoying greater policy dividends, and Sino-Portal securities are used as Sino-Portals (6000030), and 2023 reports are expected to take advantage of the opportunities. The current economic environment is still recovering, with no active investment.
The strong have always been strong, and the combined advantages remain.