Increased demand for medium- and high-speed light modules, resulting in the company's performance and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company released its semi-annual report for 2017.
Long 27.0%; net profit of 62.66 million won for shareholders in listed companies, a 29.3% increase over the same period; market demand for light modules is high, pushing companies to go to business. The new light-to-light module is made up of point-to-point modules and pon modules. In the first half of 2017, it benefited from fibre-optic inflows, 4g/5g, mobile interconnections, clouds.
The demand for light modules in the computing, data centres, etc. industries has risen, with company point-to-point modules generating $333 million, an increase of 24.2 per cent compared to the previous 24.2 per cent, pon-light module revenues increasing by 51.3 per cent to $68 million on the same year, two-wheel drive assistance, medium- and high-speed-light module market competitiveness, or becoming a medium- and long-term growth point in the company's performance.
Modular operations account for 77% of the new euphemisms, the new euphemism core business. Corporate point-to-point luminum modules, consisting of 4.25g low-speed and medium-high-speed light modules, have been active in the development of medium- and high-speed light modules over the past two years.
The assembly process, in keeping with the upward trend in market demand, continues to be competitive in light module products of 10 g and above by up to 31.6% and boosts corporate profits. Global market demand for high-speed high-light modules continues to warm, point-to-light module operations or become medium- and long-term profit growth points for companies.
The year and year 2019 criteria for the performance appraisal of equity incentives are based on corporate revenue in 2016, or driven up the company’s performance. The fund-raising project is continuing, and the capacity is expanding.
Construction of a research and development centre or, hopefully, a light module manufacturer with a vertically scalable capacity. The project build-up is expected to achieve planned capacity in four quarters. By that time, the total capacity of the module will reach 6.42 million units/year, and the output of the 10g/40g/100g module will increase significantly, contributing to an increase in the output of the company ' s products.
1. New Leisure (300502): good light communication, high 2. New Leisure (300502): pure target for the light communication module, high-speed product uplifting value (2016-08-22)
Assumption 1: national policies continue to promote the development of fibre optics in households, 4g/5g, mobile interconnection, cloud computing, and data centres, and the demand for medium- and high-speed light modules continues to warm up. The efficiency of innovation in research and development of high-speed light modules in companies continues to increase, with product competitiveness increasing by more than 20%.
Assumption 2: corporate fund-raising projects are well under way and can be put into production in the fourth quarter of this year, when the total light module capacity will reach 6.42 million units per year, with a significant increase in medium- and high-speed light module production.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.