The petrochemicals team is continuing to repair, and the future is worth looking forward to!
Throughout the year, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of $6.9 billion, an increase of 197.67 per cent over the same year, while its q4 refined plates have maintained medium-high price differentials and are expected to support further repair of the company ' s performance: 2023q4 finished oil fission spreads have continued at high levels, q4 diesel/ gasoline/aeronautical coal
The price difference for oil cracks is $834/875/3196 per ton, with an increase in the ring ratio.
At the same time, px-oil 2. "Hunger petrochemicals: Rings improve, expect new materials to come into production!" The price differentials have continued to be high, with 2023q4px - original oil prices down to $3064/ton, ring.
The overall price margin, which is 7.77% narrow, remains high. The company currently has 20 million tonnes/ 3. " Helium petrochemicals: oils continue to be strong, performance ring repair " , annual crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million tonnes/year px capacity, and refining plates continue to be strong.
Rehabilitating the company’s performance is expected to be sustained. Polyolefins & pta has a wide price gap, and the chemical plate performance is expected to be repaired: the demand for the chemical products is still in the early stages of recovery, and the company’s performance is under constant pressure from chemical products.
2023q4 polyolefins - the original oil price difference averaged $2883/t, which was 4.15% wider than the ring. At the same time, the pta product price difference has recently recovered, with the average price difference of 2023q4pta-px being 328.16 yuan/t, which is 74.42% wider than the ring.
Total extension of the company ' s industrial chain and high growth performance in the future: company base 440 million lithium battery diaphragms per year have been completed: 800,000 tons per year of functional film phase I projects under construction at Lake Kui Lake have successfully launched nine production lines: Changjing Island Base
The 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins project is about to be fully operational; the first lithium battery at the Southton base, the wet membrane production line, four membrane lines, the first functional membrane line, and the first dry membrane production line are in the decomposition phase, producing 500,000 tons of functionality per year.
The Bopet polyester membrane, 100,000 tons of functional film and 3 billion m2 of lithium cell diaphragm (of which 1.2 billion m2 are lithium cell diaphragms) projects are being intensified, with the production of the 300,000 tons of ion ion polyester project for the 3rd phase 2023 of the new textile material, with Hengko III in progress.
The construction project is fully operational; the Sioux base produces 400,000 tons of annual high-performance specialized industrial and industrial energy, and the ISM project is ready to start full-scale production. The company’s industrial chain extends downstream into high-value-added areas, and the company’s performance will grow in the future.
Keeping a good eye on the company's performance elasticity and new materials after the recovery of the economy The deep-processed productive capacity to produce the open end product - the growth of poor oil prices, but the chemical terminal needs to return to the mother's net profit (million yuan)
Roe (belonging to the parent company) (1) geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: (2) subsidiary Confue new material may have net profit spread after market break-up: (3) Fed raise interest or discourage end demand:
(4) The results are affected by errors in satellite positioning and tanker tracking data; (5) the other fruit impacts: (7) construction in progress is less advanced than expected, additional capacity is not available to repair significantly throughout the year, and consumer demand is expected to warm again.
Helium petrochemicals issued an advance announcement on 29 January 2024 on its performance for 2023, and the company is expected to achieve a return net profit of $6.9 billion for the entire year 2023, an increase of 197.67 per cent over the same year, of which q4 is expected to realize a return net profit of $1,199 million, an increase of 131.82 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 54.79 per cent in the ring.
For improvement, the company’s year-round performance has been continuously repaired in line with expectations. The demand for oil consumption continues to be strong, with offshore refining capacity cleared, the price spreads for finished oil cracks are expected to continue at medium and high levels, and the public sector’s refining plates are expected to maintain strong momentum.
At the same time, the px-former oil price gap has remained high, with 2023q4px-former oil price differentials amounting to $3064 per tonne/ton, or tons/year px production capacity, and the continued strength of the refined plates is expected to support the company’s ongoing repair of its performance. Currently, the demand for brox-based chemicals is still in the early stages of recovery, and the company’s performance is continuously constrained by chemical products.
At the same time, the price difference for pta products has recently recovered, with an average price difference of 328.16 yuan/ton for 2023q4pta-px and 74.42% for rings. The demand for chemical products continues to warm, and corporate chemical plates are likely to be repaired.
Currently, the 440 million titanium cell diaphragm project at the company base has been completed; the 800,000 tonnes/year functional membrane phase project is under construction at the lake base has been successfully implemented; the 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins project at the Yanghing Island base is about to be fully operational: the first lithium cell wet film production line at the South Passage base has been successfully integrated and four diaphragm lines, tops, and tops.
Both the functional thin film production line and the first dry diaphragm production line are in the decomposition phase, with 500,000 tons of functional bopet polyester membrane, 100,000 tons of functional thin film and 3 billion m2 of lithium battery diaphragm (of which 1.2 billion m2 are lithium cell diaphragms), with the production of 300,000 tons of ion polyester from the 3rd phase 2023 of the new textile material under construction.
Hengko’s three-phase construction projects are fully operational; the Suzhou base produces 400,000 tons of high-performance special industrial silk intelligence per year; the production project has the conditions for pilot production and is about to begin full-scale production. The company’s industrial chain extends downstream into higher value-added areas, and the public sector’s performance is expected to grow.
1) Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: geopolitical events such as the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or the creation of uncertainty on the supply side, disrupting the global crude oil market; 2) there is a risk of net profit being spread out: once the new material is on the market, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected
In the company’s consolidated statements, there is a risk that the company’s net profit from the new material will be shrunk by equity. (3) The Fed raises interest rates or discourages end demand: the Fed’s index increases interest rates or boosts the dollar index, which is usually a negative trend in relation to the original oil price, assuming that the Fed raises interest rates or disturbs the price of crude oil.
4) Errors in satellite positioning and tanker tracking data have an impact on results: satellite data errors include positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, as well as system errors related to the transmission and reception of satellite signals.
6) Modeling errors affect results: due to the size of the data and the fact that the data are not perfect and the models are not able to capture the data perfectly, resulting in errors. Scanning for more services.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market