The 2023 performance forecast is: the industry is back on track, it's smelting, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back, it's coming back.
Keywords: #Municipal surplus is lower than the historical average of the last decade #capacity expansion Events: Company ' s performance forecast for 2023 is expected to achieve net return profit of $6.9 billion, equal to 660 million net non-return profit, equal gain, 75 per cent decline in the ring and performance
The price of crude oil has fallen, and the cost pressure has subsided. The average price of Brent crude oil in 2023 was $82.2. Since the fourth quarter, it has been affected by such factors as the increase in shale oil production in the United States and the fall of the refinery, the price of oil has been reversed and some stock price drop pressure has been imposed on the company in the short term, but in the medium to long term it has been favourable.
• A structural recovery in downstream products, and the restoration of refining profits as a whole. 1) Improved demand for travel, and good performance in terms of oil production. The demand for road travel has been released rapidly since the beginning of the year, while many major capital projects in the country have been under way to boost the profitability of oil products. In 2023, domestic gasoline/diesel production
In 2023, the px industry operated with a high profile, with the same price difference as in previous years + 21%. In 2024-2025, according to the Hoshikawa Mobil, we had only 3 million tons of new production capacity in px, while downstream pta was still in place.
During the expansion cycle, it is expected that industry start-up rates and profit centres will move up. 3) The demand for bronzene is relatively weak, and the industry is still at a grinding stage.
1) 2023 is the year of the company's launch and, as of December, the Con Fui functional membrane project has been operational on 10 lines, the remaining 2
Lines will be put into production, 5 million tons of pta project in Huezhou has been launched, and the piped lithium battery has been launched, and the diaphragm project has been launched in 2023 with 4 lines and 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin and new materials.
Annual report: Profit ahead of valuation repair, vehicle expected to be operational by the end of 23 to the beginning of 24 years, and the project is expected to contribute to the company.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.