The production of new HFO projects has improved significantly with the growth-led performance ring ratio.
1. Bo Fong Energy Company Review: Caramel Products Against Pressure, Frystal Industries Quarterly Launching of Ningxia Tri-Cylinyl Hydrocarbons Project, Upwards Upwards with High Performances, 2023.8.27
A three-quarter sales drive of 360.6 million tonnes of vinyl hydrocarbons, up 11% from the ring, 2. “In-depth study of Bo Fong Energy: Core issues: recoupling: cost advantages + 21%, with a significant increase in corporate revenue through volume increases.
Product sales price increases of about $170 per ton, polypropylene price increases of about $28 per ton, 3. "The Bo Fong Energy Company takes stock: the fundamentals are warming up, performance is expected to return to a certain extent on a seasonal basis, leading to a double-scaling profit for the company. "
Improvements, 2023.4.21 There has been a marked increase, with the overall Māori rate for the company in three quarters being 34.42 per cent, an increase of about 6.58 per cent over the second quarter, and a degree of repair in performance.
Charcoal profits are still under pressure, coal production expands to relieve the pressure. In the third quarter, the coke industry is still under pressure, and while the price of coke has been raised by around $109 per ton over the ring, coal prices have remained high, the coke industry has been less profitable and the end real estate is less profitable.
The demand is not strong enough, the implementation of orders in the capital sector slows down, resulting in companies directly downstream, the iron and steel industry being more profitable, cost transfer is more difficult, and it is expected that improvements in the coke industry will take longer. And the company sells 1.77 million tons of coke in the third quarter, a slight decline from the second quarter.
The new project is gradually moving into production, and the range of products is further enriched. The company enriches its product variety by 200,000 tonnes/year of phenylacet, while optimizing the cost of expanding production capacity.
At the beginning of August, the project started to test and produce qualified products, three-quarters of pure benzene self-use has increased significantly to achieve an effective extension of the industrial chain; 250,000 tonnes of capacity will also be phased into production.
It is expected that the construction will proceed smoothly according to the planned plan and that the platform will be operational by the end of next year, building further on the basis of sustained and high growth.
At present, it takes time to look at the relative profitability of the coke business, industry improvements, repairs to the two-quarters AC devices, adjustments to the company's expected sales of this year's ACs, three-quarter downward revisions of the company's price volatility of raw materials; increased industry competition; and lower downstream demand than expected risk.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market