Three quarters higher than expected, Nemon released long-term growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of October 27, Bo Fung Energy released its three-quarter 2023 report, the company's first three quarters of 2023.
The main reason for this is that Ningdong's three phase of the 1 million tonnes/year-old HFO project was launched in mid-September, which led to the release of part of the production of HFO: on the other hand, the main product.
Price differential ring significantly improved over the second quarter; raw materials, such as coal, were purchased with a fall in prices, with price differentials disclosed on the basis of company operating data, three-quarter average prices (excluding taxes) for the main product p/pp/carat/benzene/modified asphalt/mtbe
There have been different levels of upswings in the second quarter. According to our tracking of market prices, the main products ranged from coke to fine coal/ polyethylene (hdpe) to ethylene/ polyethylene (lldpe) to ethylene/ polypropene-propene/ethylene and acetylene-methanol/methanol-coal ring ratios of 4.46 per cent/+9.09 per cent/+7.25 per cent/+12.80 per cent, respectively.
In terms of costs, the company ' s raw materials are mainly coal, and coal prices have had a greater cost impact, with coal prices falling as a whole in the first three quarters, due to poor real estate support and the impact of such factors as the importation of Australian coal and the frequency of coal mine accidents. According to the company, the gasification of raw materials in the first three quarters of 2023.
With regard to the average unit purchase price of coal/carrying coal/power coal/coal/coal tar, the production/distribution of coke is lower than in the second quarter, as shown by the company ' s business data. 1. High coal has a significant cost advantage, i.e. internal Monopoly 1.
The remaining product volume is largely flat and it is expected that, with the next phase of the Ningdong 3 phase of the 1 million tonnes of AFO project, the fourth quarter will continue to see a sustained increase in the company ' s release of polyolefin products.
In terms of cost control, the company's sales costs fell by 0.06 pct over three quarters of the ring, management costs over 40 per cent of the Ningxia coal industry, capital under 1.06 pct over the ring, financial costs under 0.43 pct over the ring, corporate costs under the umbrella.
• Multi-project parallel construction, long-term growth sufficient Multi-project parallel construction in 2023, with many new productive capacities and future growth potential. According to the Department of Public Affairs, the 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project was officially launched on 2 August; Ningdong San
(b) 1 million tonnes/year HC4 project was launched in mid-September and is currently operating steadily; (c) 250,000 tonnes/year is expected to be officially driven by the end of October; and (d) 3 million tonnes/year coal-based HC4 is expected to be in Mongolia
The project was well under way, and some of the projects were better than expected; Ningdong ' s four phase of 500,000 tonnes of coal-based hydrocarbons project entered the proposed approval phase in August 2023 and construction is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Charcoal and 6.7 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbon production, coupled with 500,000 tons of high-end products such as eva, have been enriched and the product matrix has grown significantly in the near future. We believe that the company’s size advantages and cost-controls are ahead of the entire industry, making far better profits than the market.
The first phase of the Ningxia project will significantly increase the competitiveness of the company and the scope for future growth. We expect that the construction of the new public (1) project will be less advanced than expected:
(2) Significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products: Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.