Aluminium clouds (000807), non-ferrous metals. Hydroluminium and aluminium production continues to expand, benefiting fully from the restoration of electrolytic aluminum profits, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Aluminium electrolysis is in a de-storage cycle, and profit repairs are expected. The current spot price of national aluminium oxide has fallen by 2,500 yuan per ton, and the profits of the entire aluminium industry chain have been shifted to electrolytic aluminium. The size of the additional domestic aluminium oxide production capacity has become a central factor in containing the rise in aluminium oxide prices, which are expected to be maintained this year.
In addition, the country's electrolytic aluminium is in a de-storage cycle, and the smm's latest data show that the actual inventory of the country's electrolytic aluminium is about 1049 million tons, close to 300,000 tons lower than the inventory at the beginning of the year, and more than 700,000 tons lower than the high post-spring point. The marginal supply and demand patterns of the country's electrolytic aluminium are expected to improve, with a total production of about 3700 tons in 19 years.
Ten thousand tons, with demand significantly better than in the second half of the year, with a total demand of approximately 37.76 million tons, and a doubling of the domestic inventory of electrolytic aluminium, which is expected to produce hydroelectric aluminium over the next three years. The company’s hydropower aluminum production capacity is entirely in Yunnan, with a capacity of 1.58 million tons by the end of 2018, and an equity capacity of 1.37 million tons, overall.
It is also in the forefront of the industry. In accordance with the relevant arrangements of the national production policy on electrolysis aluminium, the company has been active in expanding the green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium project, and is expected to double its hydropower aluminium production capacity over the next three years to 3.2 million tons per year, with an equity capacity of about 2.64 million tons.
Yunnan has abundant hydropower resources, Yunnan issued a circular in 2018 on the implementation of a special power programme to promote the integrated development of hydropower aluminium at full cost, and implemented a “favourable” policy for the hydropower aluminium increment project. The company's new electrolytic aluminium production will be fully available over the next three years.
By 2021, as the company becomes fully productive, the average cost of electricity will have doubled further, and will be more growing than the listed company; and the company ' s home-grown bauxite supply of aluminium oxide comes from its own mines, while the rest of it will be fully replenished to allow for the full enjoyment of aluminum oxide.
1. Dynamic assessment of the colored industry: Aluminium oxide prices have fallen to the bottom, electrolytic aluminium profits have been continuously repaired (2019-08-13) End demand has fallen short of expectations: non-public distribution has been completed or not.
Company 1: Yunnan Quality Hydro-Aluminium Processing Integration Inc. Yunnan Aluminium Industries Ltd. was established in 1970. The company, formerly the Yunnan Aluminium Factory, was transformed into a State-owned holding company in 1998 and placed on the market on 8 April 1998. The company relies on its rich hydropower resources in Yunnan Province.
By the end of 2018, the company had 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide and 1.58 million tons of aluminium hydropower production. The company's business is composed of bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium hydropower, aluminium processing and charcoal for aluminium.
Production. Aluminium oxide produced from the company ' s own bauxite resources is used entirely for hydroelectric aluminium production, while a large amount of aluminium oxide is purchased from abroad to meet all production needs: the company ' s own carbon products are also not able to fully meet its own production needs for aluminium and aluminium, partly for outsourcing.
In 2018, the company’s share of aluminum and aluminum processed products was the highest in three years, and the size of the trading plate was significantly reduced; the Maori rate of the company’s products fell throughout the year owing to factors such as the fall in the price of electrolytic aluminium and the continued high prices of raw materials.
Equity control structure: In November 2018, the company actually took control of the company’s shares in Yunnan Province, and the controlling shareholder, Yunnan Metallurgical Group, Inc., transferred 51% of its shares free of charge to China Copper Company Ltd. The implementation of the non-reimbursable transfer led to the change of the company’s actual controllers from Yunnan Province to Yunnan Province State Finance Committee.
The State Finance Committee of the State Council, a company that has been converted from a local State enterprise to a subsidiary of the Aluminium Group, continues to hold shareholders in the company at a loss, owing on the one hand to the continued high prices of raw materials, and, on the other hand, to the company's extensive inventory, fixed assets and construction in progress, receivables, etc., and the substantial asset impairment preparations.
During the first half of the year, company performance forecasts showed a net profit of about 162 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 236 per cent over the previous year. In the broader context of improving the marginal supply of and demand for electrolytic aluminium in the country, the company precisely implemented various in-house excavations and cost-effective measures to improve the company’s profitability.
Industry analysis: Electrolysis aluminium is in a de-storage cycle and profit repairs are expected. Prices of electrolytic aluminium have moved slightly beyond market expectations since the beginning of the year.
Aluminium oxide prices fell back and fell to the bottom, and the electrolytic aluminium industry made a relatively significant profit again. 2.1 Aluminium oxide prices fell to the bottom.
The latest offer from the Asian Metal Network shows that the spot price of national aluminium oxide has fallen by $2,500 per ton, almost showing a straight downward trend from its high of $3165 per ton in May. Aladdin data show that, as of June, 25.1 million tons of aluminium oxide were produced in Shanxi, representing 30% of the country ' s total production capacity.
High, cash costs are about $2,500 per tonne, and while most aluminium oxide companies were in a state of loss in the prior period, they actually had little capacity to produce or repair, as aluminium oxides forsworn profits and returned to cash flow by lowering prices. From another perspective, the size of the additional domestic aluminium oxide production capacity has become a central factor in containing the rise in aluminium oxide prices.
Factor. Although the current price has touched on the cash cost line of aluminium oxide in Shanxi, the regional cost of aluminium oxide is different. The lower cost of the Aluminium Oxide plant in Shandong, Guangxi, Guizhou, etc., is still profitable, so aluminium oxide production in low-cost areas is still increasing, aluminium oxide prices are difficult to increase, aluminium oxide production is over-capacity across the country, and such aluminium oxide patterns and price levels are for electrolytic aluminium enterprises.
2.2 Electrolytic aluminium supply and demand patterns are improving, and stocks are expected to decrease further, starting with the ability to produce, which is limited by the size of the ceiling in the country, at about 45-46 million tons.
With regard to new production capacity, the data show that, as of 15 August 2019, Chinese electrolytic aluminium had been completed in 2019 with a new capacity of 36.45 million tons, of which 13.38 million tons had been delivered, pending production of 2.2875 million tons, while the rest were under construction and available during the year.
With a new capacity of 900,000 tons and an expected further 1.05 million tons during the year, it is expected that the year will culminate in a cumulative capacity of 2.308 million tons, which will be restored and added to the new capacity, with a projected total domestic production of approximately 37 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in 2019, compared to the corresponding year.
From a demand perspective, domestic demand for electrolytic aluminium was less than satisfactory in the first half of the year, but it is expected to be better than in the second half of the year. China’s aluminium terminal consumption structure is relatively fragmented, with the largest application being construction.
In about half a year, it's about a year and a half from the window to the completion of the work. By moving the data from the new start of real estate to the next 18 months, we find that aluminium consumption, driven by the new start of real estate in the second half of this year, is in the upper cycle. Aluminium for electrical power is about 16%, converted to 5.86 million tons. Aluminium for electricity contains two parts, part of which is the electricity grid.
Aluminium in aluminium, part of which is photovoltaic aluminium. Electronic aluminium is used mainly for 3c products and electrical appliances, etc. Aluminium in the grid is used mainly for high-voltage air guidance lines of about 3.5 million tons. In September 2018, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on plans to accelerate the implementation of priority projects for the transmission of electricity, in which the first nine transmission projects will be confirmed in the fourth quarter of 2018.
By 2019, it was centralized and approved, containing 12 ultra-high-pressure lines “five straight seven-way”. The ultra-high-pressure release will drive electricity into a new cycle of growth with aluminium.
This was a 16.6 per cent decline in the same year, with 11.4gw installed in the country falling by 55.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and a significant decline in the installation was due mainly to delays in the implementation of subsidy policies. The Act on the Management of Photovoltaic Power Construction 2019, issued on 30 May, established the size of the installation at a subsidized sum of $3 billion, is expected to increase in the second half of the year, with the total number of light voltage units recovering throughout the year.
Aluminium was converted to 4.8 million tons using 13 per cent of the total, of which 3.5 million tons of aluminium were used in conventional vehicles, 300,000 tons of aluminium in new energy vehicles and 600,000 tons of aluminium in motorcycles. Data on the sale of Chinese cars have been significantly lower since the beginning of the year, mainly because of the fact that they have been sold.
The policy of early implementation of the six emission standards of the country of use of the vehicle has had some impact in the short term, with currency-holding waiting factors resulting in five-litre countries six, leading to a partial demand being extended to the third quarter of this year, with the domestic car industry turning up in the third quarter, with a combined share of 18% in consumer durables and aluminium for packaging, converted to about 6.6 million tons. Aluminium is widely used in the area of consumption.
The main tracking indicator is the total retailing of social consumer goods. The current social growth rate is at the bottom of the road, with July data showing a cumulative rate of around 6% of aluminium used in machinery, converted to 2.2 million tons. Aluminium used in machinery and equipment is associated with an increase in manufacturing investment, which has been declining in the country, with a cumulative increase of only 3.3% in July, but is projected for the second half of the year.
Aluminium and aluminium alloy exports accounted for 12 per cent of exports, converted to approximately 4.4 million tons. In July, the figures show that exports of unmanufactured aluminium and aluminium accumulated 3.47 million tons, an increase of 7.40 per cent over the same period. As the value of the Quillan margin began to move better, the incentives for firms to choose overseas orders were weakening, and export orders were expected to fall in the second half of the year, reducing exports by 200,000 to 300,000 tons throughout the year.
The latest smm data show that the actual inventory of domestic electrolytic aluminium is about 10,49,000 tons, which is close to 300,000 tons lower than at the beginning of the year, and more than 700,000 tons lower than at the high end of the spring. It is expected that the supply and demand patterns of domestic electrolytic aluminium will improve, with a total production of about 37 million tons, while the demand for the second half of the year will be significantly better than in the first half of the year, with total demand estimated.
With 3,776 million tons, domestic stocks of electrolytic aluminium will continue to be consumed and are expected to return to the level of 600,000 to 700,000 tons by the end of the year.In summary, with the rapid fall in aluminium oxide prices, profits from the entire aluminium industry chain shifted to electrolytic aluminium, which is now expected to reach $650 per ton per ton in the country (not taking into account income tax).
As it continues, the electrolytic aluminium industry will continue to make profits, a marked improvement over the large losses sustained last year.
3.1 Hydro-aluminum production is expected to double over the next three years. The company's hydropower-aluminum production capacity is entirely located in Yunnan. By the end of 2018, the company's hydropower-aluminum production capacity totalled 1.58 million tons.
A total of 1.37 million tons of equity capacity is in the forefront of the industry as a whole. Deployments are made in accordance with the relevant arrangements of the national policy for the production of electrolytic aluminium: “Strength control of the production of electrolytic aluminium, optimization of the layout of the electrolytic aluminium industry, and direction of the country's effective production of electrolytic aluminium to areas of comparative advantage, particularly hydropower, with resource-energy advantages and environmental carrying capacity.
The rich South-West region is shifting to promote the integration of aluminium and electricity industries.” The company has accelerated the implementation of its strategy of upgrading “Browing the two ends and optimizing the middle” by actively expanding the Green Low Carbon Hydro-Alluminium project and improving the overall competitiveness of the company, which is expected to double over the next three years, reaching an annual output of 3.23 million tons and an equity capacity of approximately 2.64 million tons.
Three projects are currently under construction: the Rebuilding Hydro-Alluminium Project, which produces 700,000 tons annually of Rutien 6.5 magnitude earthquake disaster recovery, and the 450,000 tons of green, low-carbon low-carbon hydroelectric-aluminum processing integration cranes project, as well as the 500,000 tons of aluminum per year produced in the aluminum industry. The company is expected to produce about 400,000 tons of hydropower-aluminum production capacity this year, with an increase in total capacity of about 26%; and about 70% next year.
Table 4: Alumina shares in construction or proposed construction of hydroelectric aluminium projects (1) The Hydro-Aluminum Rehabilitation Project, which produced 700,000 tons of Rutien 6.5 magnitude earthquake disaster recovery in the year, was deployed as a follow-up to the decision-making efforts of the Party and the State to promote recovery from the Chitun-Rutien earthquake.
In August 2014, an earthquake of 6.5 magnitude struck the Rutien district of Yunnan Province, Yunnan Province, in the Oumont Mountains, which had a severe impact on the economy and livelihoods of the poor. The country ' s policies subsequently encouraged and led all sectors of society to participate in the reconstruction of the disaster, stating clearly that: “In accordance with the requirements of the country ' s industrial policy, the design of the affected areas should be optimized and implemented, taking into account the characteristics of the affected areas.
The company, as a priority business in Yunnan Province, is actively promoting the rehabilitation of the 700,000-ton Rutien 6.5-grade earthquake.
Aluminium and hydroelectric projects. The project, with an annual value of about 10 billion yuan and a total of more than 500 million yuan in taxes, directly provides jobs for more than 4,000 people, closes to 10 billion degrees of local electricity and water per year, and indirectly drives industries to produce more than 40 billion yuan per year, and indirectly creates more than 10,000 jobs.
200,000 tons, with the remaining 500,000 tons to be spent next year. (2) 450,000 tons of green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium processing integration cranes project in a year; tons of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing production capacity per year, some of which are now ready for production; two projects are still to be adopted
The company’s announcement of 21 February 2019 indicates that crane Qinghai is about to buy 190,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in San Xihua, a controlled subsidiary of China Aluminium Industries Ltd., which has been verified as having been certified as a compliance capacity, meeting the requirements of the Ministry of Industry and Communications for the relocation of electrolyte aluminum indicators.
The market transaction price for the electrolytic aluminium index is about 5000 yuan/tonne, and the trade is expected to be about 950 million yuan. (3) The project to produce 500,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium from the Mansan aluminum industry in the year was an important initiative of the company to implement a strategy of precision in poverty reduction in the Party’s central government.
Planning for the construction of 500,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium per year. By fully exploiting its own aluminium, aluminium oxide resources, the Mansan aluminium industry is building a complex production base for bauxite-aluminum-hydro-aluminum. The project is to build a green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium integration project in the city of Wenshan, a poor county, with a total investment of approximately 4,442 million yuan and is expected to start production in 2021.
With regard to bauxite, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Aluminium Aluminium and Aluminium Aluminium, with a reserve of about 170 million tons, is expected to achieve an increase in resources to more than 300 million tons during the Tenth and Thirty-Five Years period, relying on the advantage of its own bauxite ore resources, which provides a strong guarantee for the development of the company's hydropower and aluminium industry.
In October of this year, full production was achieved: 2 tons of 600,000 tons per year were produced in November 2017, resulting in a total production of 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide. In 2018, aluminium oxide production in the Mansan aluminum industry reached 1.4 million tons, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period, and with 600,000 tons per year of aluminium oxide upgrades in September 2018, aluminium oxide production is expected to increase to 2019.
In addition to the increase in aluminum oxide self-sustaining production, the guaranteed ability to buy aluminium out of China has also been significantly enhanced with the company’s incorporation into the China-Aluminum Group. The Chinese aluminium industry, which is the second largest producer of aluminium oxide in the world, produced 1.51 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2018, and sold 7.45 million tons of aluminium abroad after meeting its own demand for electrolytic aluminium.
As a result of the merger with the China Aluminum Group, priority could be given to purchasing aluminium oxide from China, the supply of aluminium oxide was stable, and the company was able to reduce the inventory and cost of the aluminium oxide after the supply had been secured.In the case of aluminium, the company produced 600,000 tons in late 2018, and in the future with the second paragraph of phase II of the source thorium.
200,000 tons of production capacity and 600,000 tons of alumina soytoton (35 per cent share) were put into production, totalling 1.4 million tons of alumina production capacity, which basically met the company ' s total production needs for hydroelectric aluminium. (1) The source of the halogen 600,000 tons of carbon in phase II of the project, 350,000 tons of carbon in phase II,
The company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Yunnan Source Charcoal Company Ltd. in 2015 through a non-public fund-raising campaign. In early July of that year, it started production: two projects, three hundred and thirty-five million tons, were built in two stages, the first in March 2018, and each month it was able to provide approximately 10,000 tons of arcyl carbon for the electrolytic aluminium production of the shares in the aluminium, while the second is currently under construction, as a result of that.
The pipeline gas that will be delivered from the gas pipeline under construction by China Oil after the project is launched will be significantly reduced (2) The Sotun Cylinder project will be a first phase of 600,000 tons of carbon and Sotung and Sotung developed the Sotung Aluminium project, which was established by the Investment Cooperation Agreement on 1 February 2018.
Green green, high-tech carbon-efficient material bases further consolidate the resource advantages of the two sides in their respective fields. Sotoon Aluminium registered capital is proposed to be $720 million, of which 468 million, or 65 per cent, is allocated to the development of Soto and $252 million, or 35 per cent of the registered capital.
Sotun Cylium will be responsible for the implementation of the 600kt/a (project 900kt/a phase) high current density carbon-efficient materials and residual thermal power generation project, with a total investment of approximately RMB 2,080 million over a 1.5-year construction period. According to the Sotung development of the semi-annual 2019 report, the land leveling of the Sotung Cylium 900kt/a high current density carbon-saving materials and residual thermal power generation project has been completed
Most of them are completed, and the company is following the procedure. 3.3 Low-carbon, environmentally friendly hydropower resources, with a potential reduction in the cost of electricity, the company uses clean water and electricity for the production of electrolytic aluminium.
At the end of 2018, Yunnan had a full-calibre installed capacity of 92.45 million kilowatts.
On the other hand, Yunnan is still facing an overall excess of electricity supply in recent years, with the actual withdrawal of electricity from Yunnan in 2016, 2017 and 2018 amounting to 31.5 billion kilowatt hours, 28.970 billion kilowatt hours and 24 billion kilowatt hours, respectively.
On 8 October 2014, the company announced, in consultation with the relevant power-generating companies and grid companies, that the company ' s power-use mechanism had been transformed into a market-based mechanism dominated by direct trading, and that, following the implementation of the mechanism, the company ' s cost of purchasing electricity had fallen significantly compared to the price of implementing catalogue electricity. However, because of the large number of companies in the country,
Aluminium companies have coal-fired self-fired power plants, generating electricity at lower cost, so there is no obvious advantage in the company’s cost of electricity. The gap between the cost of hydropower and the cost of home-made electricity will decrease as coal-fired self-fired power plants come to an end.
In January 2018, Yunnan issued a circular on the implementation of a special electricity programme for the integrated development of hydropower aluminium (No. 2080), which introduced a policy of “favourishment” for the hydroelectric aluminium increment project, and a policy of “favourity” for companies with electrolytic aluminium output indicators for the first five years: 0.25 yuan per kilowatt-hour for the first five years.
Specially preferential electricity prices; 1.2 cents per annum from 0.25 yuan per annum in the years 6-10; 10 to 0.3 yuan per annum; and aluminium deep processing with a special preferential price of 0.20 yuan/kWh. In accordance with the spirit of the Yunnan power system reform and the policy of “favourable prices” in Yunnan Province, the company's hydroelectric aluminum project in Zhaotung and Mansan is integrated
The electricity price consists of two components: “transmission and distribution prices, line losses, government funds and additions” and power plant side-to-side tariffs, which are set by the Government at 0.12 kWh “distribution prices, line losses, government funds and additions”, and marketed transactions resulting in an estimated 0.16 kWh/kWh, with a combined electricity cost of about 0.28 kWh per kWh.
The company’s crane Qing project hydroelectric aluminium output index, which is outsourced, will fully benefit from the “full-priced” policy preference, with electricity costs of $0.25 per kilowatt-hour for the previous five years.In summary, the company’s additional electrolytic aluminium production over the next three years will fully benefit from the premium on power from Yunnan’s dominant hydroelectric power, on average.
The cost of electricity will continue to decline, with a projected 0.33 kWh in 2019, and the average cost of electricity will be further reduced to 0.30 kWh in 2021 as the company becomes fully productive. 3.4 Full benefit from the restoration of electrolytic aluminum profits, with net profit running out of profit on a year-on-year basis.
Aluminium prices were in a downward cycle in 2018, largely influenced by frictions in trade between the United States and the United States and by the increased downward pressure on the domestic economy; on the contrary, the price of national aluminium oxide remained high, mainly because of the strain on the supply of bauxite due to the tightening of the environment in the country and the shortage of aluminium oxide overseas due to the 3 million tons production capacity of the Brazilian aluminium oxide plant in Hedru, Norway.
The company has a self-produced 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity, which is not affected by changes in the price of aluminium oxide, but only meets 45% of the demand for electrolytic aluminium production, which needs to be purchased out of hand.
In addition, as a result of the sharp fall in aluminium prices in 2018, the company calculated substantial impairment losses in four quarters, while intensive overhauling of the equipment resulted in higher costs. This directly resulted in a loss of 1,493 million yuan for the entire year when the company ' s net profit was attributed to the shareholders of the listed company for the period January-September 2018 and $11 million.
In the first half of the year 2019, the price of electrolytic aluminium moved slightly beyond market expectations and the price hub moved slowly; while the price of cost-end aluminium oxide fluctuated considerably, which also led to a volatility in the profits of electrolytic aluminium with respect to the price of aluminium oxide, but overall it has improved significantly compared to the large loss of the entire year last year. At this point in time, the price of aluminium oxide has fallen by 2,500.
RMB/t, the company is expected to make a net profit of more than $800 per kiloton of hydroelectric aluminium, which, if measured by the company’s production of 150,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium per month per month, would have been about 100 million dollars per month, with a marked improvement in profit year-to-year. Moreover, this year, the company was formally integrated into the Chinese aluminium system.
The shift from a local state to an interstate status will help companies to move ahead with the construction of new hydropower and aluminium capacity, drawing on the strong resource advantages of Chinese aluminium. It is expected that as the synergies between aluminum and aluminum begin to work, the company’s costs will be reduced in all respects, including marketing, management, and financial costs.
3.5 The public release was approved to facilitate the completion of the project. On May 13, 2019, the company ' s application for the non-public distribution of shares was approved by the China CVM. The company is currently awaiting an official document approved by the CVC. The company ' s unpublic release is intended to include the Metallurgical Group or its designation.
No more than 10 specific investors, including the parties involved, have released their shares in public, raising a total of no more than 2.6 billion yuan, and the net collection of funds after the issuance fee will be used mainly for the rehabilitation of hydroelectric aluminium after the earthquake recovery in Rutien 6.5, which will facilitate the successful commissioning of the company ' s hydropower aluminium production capacity.
(b) Scenario 2:2019-2021 with an average electricity cost of 0.33, 0.32 and 0.30 kWh, respectively;
In addition, the company's home-grown bauxite supply of aluminium oxide comes entirely from its own mines, and the rest of the external purchases are sufficient to fully enjoy the “buy-in” rating for the first time.
The company's hydropower aluminium production capacity is not delivered or expected; the price of aluminium oxide is higher than anticipated; the demand for electrolytic aluminium terminals is less than anticipated; and the release of non-publicly is not completed or expected.No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.