Growing industry leaders, stable red points highlight the value of investment In-depth study/iron, "One Wing" ahead, with growth attributes.
The company is a supplier of iron and steel manufacture, processing and servicing, and, when combined, owns four major production bases, namely Shanghai Boshan, Nanjing Maeshan, Chang Jiang Dongshan, Wuhan Qingshan, with a total capacity of approximately 47 million tons of rough steel (high end product, 2/3), or about 8 per cent of the country ' s total; the four bases are all along the coast, with low logistics costs, production and camps
A reasonable distribution of the distribution system among the surrounding markets has led to the development of four clusters for the benefit of the Radiation South-East Asia Plus International Market, with the strategic objective of achieving the development of multiple systems, such as the iron and steel industry, logistics power suppliers, information technology, industry funds, etc.; and, with the first two, the three dominant product plates, carboards, silicon steel, home panels, etc. (the first two are the first two).
For strategic products, production capacity of 12 million tons, 800,000 tons, with up to 60 per cent and 70 per cent of municipalities) is certified by national and foreign authorities; fine management, with emphasis on R & D, unique new products and patents, is far ahead, and high-end products are internationally advanced: focus on the evi service model, follow the path of development of fine products, and high customer stickyness.
In a context of supply-side reform and increased industrial concentration, companies have long-term attributes that will lead to industrial change.
..the four bases are full-scale, steadily achieving the BMW+, and the company's profitability continues to grow.
Five directions are synergized, with a target of 6 billion dollars in three years compared to 2016. In the first half of 2017, the East Mountain base was profitable, operating gradually on track, and the Green Mountain base, which has lost three quarters, will continue to fall short of the mark.
Integration will continue to improve manufacturing capacity and create new advantages for the Bold Steel. • The advantages of the three dominant products are clear, market space is expected to expand further, and a slight shortfall in the supply of motor panels in the first quarter of the year has now subsided, with most of the domestic automobile steel meeting the city's needs
Field demand, but some high-end varieties still need to be imported; in the future, motor board demand will increase by about 3 per cent with vehicle output; in addition, light quantification and increased use of high-end materials is a trend, with increased demand for high-end steel in vehicles, especially advanced and strong steel with greater space; and bountiful steel is a car-plate with super-high pre-winding.
Steel and advanced high-power steel, which has been certified by well-known car companies such as Fiat, General, etc., have dominated the market, with an improved pattern of excess electric steel production and a recovery in prices. In our country, high levels of unopposed silicon steel use, new power generation equipment, new energy vehicles, have left a certain gap in the use of silicon steel for electric power, in particular.
High-platform products with better product quality and environmental performance; with accelerated non-fired power generation, grid upgrading and urgent upgrading, as well as acceleration of rail construction, the spread of electric cars, construction of super-high-pressures, etc., they are transformers.
The upgrading requirements; Silicon steel production capacity is the largest in the country, with full coverage to the Silicon Main Card, high-end varieties, and a global start-up, with absolute technical and performance advantages.
In white power, about 10% of the increase in air conditioners will drive household panel demand; boar steel produces more than 110% of the net gain in home board production, and has multiple advantages, such as zero-wind, market, location, etc., to stabilize the two major domestic power manufacturing markets in East and South China.
• Low valuations, stable high scores and value of corporate investments The steel has been on the market 17 times since 2000, with a cumulative cash share of $59,217 million and a cash share of 42.05%. The cash share ratio and dividends are higher in the industry, and the dividends rate has exceeded China in 2016.
A one-year deposit rate. Pe is lower than the industry average, pb is lower than the industry. There is still room for improvement in valuations compared to mainstream international steel companies.
Founded in February 2000 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in December of the same year, is a global leader in the modern steel conglomerate, with a high level of technology and service capability, at the heart of the Fortune 500 Power Steel Group in the world.
Enterprises, the main products are: cold-rolled carbon rolls, hot-rolled carbon rolls, steel pipe products, wide-plate, steel, stainless steel, special steel. The original steel shares are the top three listed steel companies in the country, with the world’s most advanced steel production processes, such as iron, steel, steel rolls, and the main products are cold-roll plates, cold-roll silicon steel, hot rolls, medium-plate, large.
More than 100 products have been certified as high-quality products, silicon products have won Chinese brand names and the most influential brands in the Chinese steel industry, re-orbiting, plate has won Hubei province brand names, 39 steel products have won “Gold Cup” in the metal industry, and the product is of good physical quality.
In 2015, the iron and steel industry produced half of the world's steel, but its capacity used only 67%. Reorganizing the weapon, further increasing industrial concentration, optimizing the homogeneity of the product line, and adjusting the production structure, was in the context of the "degenerative and structural" of the times.
In June 2016, Bo and Wu Gang announced their merger through listed companies, and on December 1st, the BMW Group officially established and began its substantive operation. The merger was completed in February 2017, with 52.14% of the controlling shareholders group holding direct shares, 13.49% of the indirect holdings through the BMG, and the actual controlling person was the National Council.
The oil and gas group, China Securities and Finance Company Ltd., Beijing Cheong Tung Kim Investment Company Ltd., China’s New Investment Bank, China Ocean, etc., are involved in a variety of enterprises, with strong financial resources, and contribute to the diversification of the non-steel industry. Both bountiful steel and martial steel are mainly made of plate production, and the product structure is close to each other.
Steel production is ranked first: 70 per cent of the market for silicon steel, over 80 per cent for high-end varieties, over 50 per cent for carboards alone, and up to 60 per cent when combined. 3 or 4 major specialized steel manufacturing bases have led to the development of four clusters.
After the merger, the company owned four major steel production bases, Shanghai Bo, Nanjing Mei, Wuhan Qingshan and Chang Jiang Dongshan, with a capacity of 16 million tons, 7 million tons, 15 million tons, and 9 million tons, respectively, and a combined capacity of 47 million tons, with a combined calibre of 4,243 million tons of steel produced in 2016, ranking third among the world ' s listed steel companies.
Along the river, the Bosan base has a long triangle of radiation, an east coast, and overseas; the May Hill base has a radioactivity in the east of China; the Qingshan base has a radioactivity in the west and the south and south of the Yangtze: the East Mountain base radiation triangle, the southern coast, and the overseas region. The iron and steel main industry has a clear regional advantage, with a rational division of the market around the perimeter, leading to the development of four clusters and an orderly interface with Chinese and global customers.
Table 4: Main production lines and advantages of the Aoyama base The company owns six strategic products in the domestic market: car steel, silicon steel, tin plating, energy and pipe steel, high-grade plate, other high-level sheeting, etc., and is widely used in the construction, automobile, home power, machinery, etc.
At the high end, the average selling price is higher than the market for the same products and the quality is recognized by the market.3 The quality of the assets is good and the business performance is far better than the performance of the industry 2016, thanks to a combination of factors such as the reform of the country’s supply side, improved demand for downstream cars and domestic electricity markets, and the operation of precious steel.
The performance increased significantly, with sales of 24.870 million tons of merchandise throughout the year, resulting in gross operating income of $18.571 billion (+13.16 per cent of the year), total profits of $11.52 billion (+553 per cent of the year), representing 4.3 per cent of the production of large, medium-sized steel companies in the country, and 6.2 per cent of the revenue, resulting in a profit contribution of 38 per cent.
(+438.5%) ranked first, with RM$609.03 per ton of steel, and the Māori rate at the top of the industry; net profit of RM$9.2 billion (same as +1189%), cutting costs of $5.085 billion, exceeding the original target of €4 billion, and increasing employee efficiency by 6.5%, higher than the planned target of 3.8%.
It is planned, in keeping with the transition in manufacturing services and the development of competitive industrial chains, to extend the area of business to a modest level up and down the chain of the steel industry, and to do a great job as a good steel master, leading to the development of a strong and cooperative industry. Figure 3: Tonne of steel in 2016 for major listed steel companies
The Royal Steel Camp, which operates in cold-hot rolls of carbon, steel tubes and other steel products, calculated for 2016 data with a ratio of 49.8 per cent, 33.1 per cent and 7.3 per cent respectively, and a Māori rate of 23.0 per cent, 22.1 per cent and 0.3 per cent, respectively; the Main Steel Camp, which operates in the same way as the Royal Steel, is used in cold rolls and hot rolls for 2016.
In the first half of the year, the figures were 52.2% and 47.8% respectively, and the Māori rate was 10.1% and 6.7% respectively. The cold-rolling materials of the steels consisted of ordinary cold-rolling materials and cold-rolled silicon steel, with hot-rolling materials including materials, wires, rods, rollers, cps, and hot-roll steel.
The city accounted for 60 per cent; in the case of silicon steel, 1.7 million tons of precious steel and 2.08 million tons of small steel production capacity, totalling 3.78 million tons, with 70 per cent of the cities taking silicon steel.
BMW integration, first channel, March 2017, led by the BMW Marketing Centre, in conjunction with the BMW limited marketing centre, the Ministry of Steel and Steel, BPI, overseas companies and related functional departments, to prepare 100-day, annual and three-year work plans in the areas of channels, product sales, management, informatization and subsidiary clean-up.
Trade companies and 58 steel service centres: 6 regional companies, 11 branches, 1 branch office and 9 steel processing centres with limited weapons and steel, with over 700 steel users. Table 8: Integration of marketing systems
A marketing and processing network dedicated to serving four major bases, deep-farming target markets, dedicated to building a full-scale, multi-species, packaged material application solutions, industry-led value-added service platform for clients. By the end of June 2017, companies had been set up in the United States, Japan, Germany, Singapore, Thailand, Hong Kong, etc.
Twenty-nine national and regional affiliates at all levels, and eight participating companies, have formed a worldwide distribution network centred on Europe, Japan, the United States, and Singapore. The offshore affiliates have assets totalling $25.45 billion, operating revenues totalling $36.79 billion, relying on leading technology and product advantages, global marketing networks that serve customers, and bottling steel has been built with a number of multinational companies around the world.
Strategic partnerships have been established. Actively deepening cooperation with strategic overseas users, promoting supply to gm, the general public, Ford, and Japanese and other multinational companies, has become global suppliers to multinational corporations. Deepening off-sea supply chain systems from the point of view of global supply chain management.
Investing around the steel supply chain. Optimizing the territorialization of overseas companies by implementing different marketing regulations according to the state of progress of the projects, based on the three-pronged management of “source-seeking, building, operating” and promoting the export of precious steel products from traders to service providers in 2016 to more than 70 countries and territories such as Japan, South Korea, Europe and America, South Korea, Italy, etc.
Market sales have stabilized and the market has grown deep; there has been a similar increase in emerging markets such as Viet Nam, India, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey. Treasure steel shares in the six main categories of strategic products (car steel, silicon steel, energy and pipe steel, high-grade sheet products, plating, high-grade shipsboards and seawork steel) account for 66% of total carbon steel exports.
As a result of the rapid economic growth in South and South-East Asia, steel consumption has grown at an all-time high, rising 112% in the first half of 2016. The company also transplanted its successful industrial and trade-as-one marketing model in the country, building processing centres in India and Indonesia.
Deepwater ports, sea lanes, the closest to ASEAN, Europe, Africa, and Oceania, are support points for the sea Silk Road, which helps the public to seize the “one-way” exporters. Companies will increase the export power of strategic products such as silicon steel, motor panels, re-orbiting, etc.
To expand cooperation in the construction block to better serve the pipeline and petrochemical projects in China and oil; The company's paintboard winning the joint steel plant project in Kandan, Malaysia, which is a major project in the “one-way” area, with a first-line order of 1,000 tons, and the procurement agreement for the first-line material. In the future, the precious steel will take advantage of the “one-way” strategic development.
Opportunities to speed up deep-farming overseas markets. 5. Vision, construction of environmentally friendly urban steel plants, environmental stress, for Chinese steel companies, is undoubtedly a sword, and the steel industry and city compatibility are linked to business development.
The company ' s four steel bases are located in the fast-growing central urban areas and are actively taking on economic benefits while pursuing them.