Acetylene prices fall sharply, light-hydrocarbon heads are reassembly off investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the night of April 28, company announcement for the first quarter of 2023. 94.15 harvests were achieved in the first quarter of 2023.
● c2 Industrial chain: two full-scale production periods in the Bay of Clouds, lower prices for ethane, c2 ready for repair 15,581 million yuan in 2022, or an increase of 10.01 per cent in the same year, with a two-phase increase in revenues and sales; net profit of $634 million, net profit
The decline in profitability was due mainly to the sharp increase in global gas prices to raw materials prices, which reduced the profitability of c2 and the recurrent demand for the epidemic. In the first quarter of 2023, the price of c2 downstream products went up and down.
Deregulation of regulatory policies, rising downstream market sentiment, warming prices, but with the end of the season, real demand could not recover as expected, rising downstream stocks and procurement enthusiasm, on the other hand, as global gas prices rose sharply, exports from the United States rose and prices from ethane I.
The end of the European Gas Repository, accompanied by a year-on-year decline in demand in the warm winter context, has seen a marked fall in the prices of ethane starting in the fourth quarter, with an average price of 39 cents/gallons in the fourth quarter, a 29 per cent decline in the ring compared to the third quarter. ethane prices fell further in the first quarter of 2023, and the average price has fallen further in the first quarter of 2023.
*C3 plate: Acrylic chain temperature is high and low, c3 is short-lived and needs repairs are needed
In the first half of the year, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict led to a sharp upturn in global energy prices, a rise in propane prices, a three-quarter performance pressure on pdh, and a fall in raw material prices.
The price difference increased by 92% over the same period, supporting the overall profitability of the c3 plate. In the second half of the year, with the epidemic 3.
The price of pdh remained weak, c3 industrial chain, c3 downstream product prices went up first and down in the first quarter of 2023. After that, as a result of the easing of control policies, c3 downstream market moods rose and prices of acrylic acid and acrylic acid were higher.
Warm, but real demand will not recover as much as expected as after the end of the stock collection, and the annual demand will be better than in the first half of the year. At present, the pdh and acrylic price differentials are at an all-time split of 30%.
Recovering, we think C3 is a promising rebound. Focusing on new materials, fast importing new fields of operation, satellite-based battles to keep lightweight materials at their core, building a low-carbon chemical new materials technology company.
In the evening of 30th of December, the satellite chemistry announcement was issued and the company has recently received a call from the company to develop new energy sources, new materials, functional chemicals, etc., and is steadily implementing construction projects to further expand the entire industry of competitive products.
We know that the company's 1,000-ton alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons industrial test facility is operating steadily, reaching the target of the industrial test unit. We believe that in future Poe competition, α-vinyl hydrocarbons will be the key to constraining industry and determining the competitiveness of future business costs, while the company has the most cost in the industry.
The Green Chemical New Materials Industrial Park project will be fully operational in 2023. Greening the company.
Pilot production began in the third quarter and is expected to be complete in 2023. The Green Chemical New Materials Project, a forward-looking company, has set up a series of new, neck-crylic material series projects, such as battery-grade carbonate, alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, based on the advantage of light-carbon feedstocks and forward-looking and high-intensity research.
In 2022 and 2023, the company announced that it would build a total of 90,000 tons of eaa devices with skgc, the country’s first set of devices, in the future.
Space is wide, and eaa is a conglomerate of ethylene and acrylic acid, which can be effectively combined with the existing c2 and c3 industrial chains of the Department, and the raw materials are all self-sufficient. This combination of satellite chemistry and skgc is a key initiative in the company's outreach for advanced materials, reflecting the company's positive movement towards new materials.
Satellite chemistry is at the forefront of light hydrocarbon industries, with product production in the lead. The company’s industrial chain is well integrated, with cost ahead. The satellite chemistry is expected to return to a net profit in 2023-2025. Prices of products and raw materials fluctuate significantly:
On April 28, the satellite chemistry published its annual report 2022. According to the announcement, in 2022 the company achieved a total revenue of $37.044 billion, an increase of 29.72 per cent over the same period; Māori 6,119 million, a decrease of 32.44 per cent over the same period; and a net return to the mother.
In 2022, the company achieved a gross profit of 37.04 billion yuan for its products, of which 4,197/17.01/089 million gross for functional chemicals/high-molecular new materials/new energy materials and 52.85 per cent/19.87 per cent/0.63 per cent for high-molecular new materials, respectively.
This increase is attributable to the commissioning of several high-molecular material projects, which contributed to the company’s performance. The company’s sales of products in the chemical and new materials industry in 2022 amounted to 481.02 million tons, an increase of 51.48 per cent compared to the previous year, production of 47.309 million tons, and the performance of 2022q4 companies increased considerably compared to q3.
Net cash flow from operating activities was $2.90 billion, an increase of 9.23 per cent over the previous year, with a positive rounding; purchase of fixed assets, Māori Māori Bi-annual changes in Figure 3
Figure 5 Quarterly changes in corporate net profit returns. Figure 6 Quarterly changes in corporate net profit returns. Figure 8 Quarterly changes in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates.
Figure 7 Māori rates, net interest rates, bi-annual changes in Māori rates, Figure 10 Three cost-to-quarter changes, Figure 13 Net current-to-bi-annual changes
Figure 17: Biannual changes in stock turnover days
2.1c2 plate: Acetane prices down, c2 to repair business C2 profit ratio and contribute to the company ' s performance. With the launch of the cloudy port petrochemical project, c2 chemical harvests and profit ratio rises. The company builds ethane cracks in the light of the successful experience of the c3 industry chain
Dismantling devices, using the imported ethane expansion c2 industry chain, relying on its independent pricing system, to fill our ethylene capacity gap in the current situation in the high oil price market.C2 sequestered cloud ports in 2022, generating 15,581 million yuan, an increase of 10.01 per cent over the same period.
Increased production can result in a significant increase in income and production; a net profit of $634 million is realized, with a net gain of 60.67 per cent lower than in the previous year; a decline in profitability is due mainly to a sharp increase in global gas prices and a downward trend in raw materials prices; c2 profitability is reduced; and recurrent demand for the epidemic is weaker.
In terms of prices, the 22q4 company c2 product polyethylene/epoxyethane/polyether big monomer/Ethylene/styrene/polymer decreases, resulting in lower prices. In terms of product price differentials, epoxy-ethylene-ethylene/ polyethylene-ethylene/ polystyrene-styrene ring ratio +16.28 per cent/+41.35 per cent/+44.75 per cent, due to continued increases in supplies in the Middle East, the United States, and Europe, there are significant low levels.
Price entry, coupled with the effects of the epidemic, continued weakness in some downstream industries to support demand, and the price of ethylene raw material continued to fall and the price difference increased by more than the product of ethylene oxide and polyethylene. ethylene ethylene ethylene/polyether monomer - ethylene ethylene ethylene/styrene - pure styrene ethylene ethylene price differential ring ratio -65.51%/-22.73%/-19.25%.
During the first quarter of 2023, the price of c2 downstream products went up and down. After that, the downside market moods rose as a result of the easing of control policies for the epidemic.
In 2023, we thought the recovery was a year-long principal, while, on the other hand, the United States raised its exports and the price of ethane rose.
By 60 cents/ gallons, the company’s profits in the second and third quarters were reduced significantly. With the end of the European gas reservoirs, demand fell in the warm winter context, the prices of ethane began to fall sharply in the fourth quarter, at an average price of 39 cents/silos in the fourth quarter, which was 29% lower than in the third quarter. In the first quarter of 2023, the prices of ethane fell further, at an average rate of one quarter.
Prices have fallen further to 25 cents per gallon, and the ring ratio has fallen by 36%.
The company is a domestic acrylic acid and ester company, which, after many years of industrial chain construction, has now formed a complete c3 chain of industry with the highest capacity in the country and the third highest in the world, with a clear scale advantage. As the company has formed an integrated whole-chain layout from upstream to downstream acrylic acid, it can enjoy propane dehydration and acrylic acid.
ester supply and demand elasticity, coupled with the use of diversified industrial chain layouts, and the adjustment of product composition to market supply and demand have greatly increased the profitability of the industrial chain.c In 2022, c3 block flat lake petrochemicals generated $8,903 million, a decrease of 18.92 per cent in comparison; net profit achieved
In comparison with the same period last year, the company ' s c3 block business was less profitable. In terms of prices, the 22q4 company c3 product acrylic acid/propylene/polypropylene averaged a significant upturn in global energy prices as a result of the Russian-U conflict, the propane-led price increase and the pdh price difference was significantly reduced, but
The acrylic acid and ester plates continue to be relatively good in 2021, with a 92% increase in the price difference of 22h2 over the same period, supporting the overall profitability of the c3 plate. In the second half of the year, with repeated outbreaks and weaker demand, the Acid industry chain continued to make profits.
In the first quarter of 2023, the prices of c3 downstream products went up and down. After that, the downstream market moods rose and prices of acrylic acids and acrylic acids warmed up as a result of the easing of the control of the epidemic.
With the end of the replenishment, real demand not recovering as expected, and the quarterly rise in downstream stocks and the decline in procurement enthusiasm, resulting in prices, lower prices for propane raw materials and a quarterly recovery in demand, we believe that the profits of block c3 are expected to rebound.
Figure 28: Bi-annual changes in corporate c3 collection Figure 30c3 Business data 3 Focus on new material orientations and fast-track entry of new business areas
Satellites have established the strategic objective of keeping the raw materials light, building a low-carbon chemical new-materials technology company, moving forward with the construction of the light hydrocarbons industrial chain, rationalizing planning projects such as new energy sources, new materials, functional chemicals, etc., and are steadily implementing construction projects to further expand the entire industrial chain of competitive products.
On the evening of March 30, satellite chemistry announced that the company had recently received notification from the company's company, Lianyang Pulsification Ltd., that the company's 1,000 tons of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons had been stabilized and had reached the target of an industrial test unit.
Quantified to meet domestic industry standards: 1-octane is the first domestic product, has no production apparatus in the country, is totally dependent on imports, and the quality of the imported samples has been met this time, marking the success of the company-owned α-olefin industrial test facility. α-vinyl hydrocarbons are the key raw material that constrains our poe, high-end polyolefin and high-end lubricant oil industries, especially 1-
There are no mature industrialization devices in the country, all of which depend on imports, and the company introduced the product to fill the domestic void. Poe is a 100 billion market in the future, and as the n-stereotype process progresses, the demand for poe will start fast.
The process of gramoe particles is accelerating, and the next two years will be two years for the domestic poe industry. Since α-vinyl hydrocarbons (mainly 1-octane) are the key pre-vectors, and the industrialization demonstration projects/proposed projects are far less than Poe, we believe that in future Poe competition α-vinyl hydrocarbons will be a constraint on the industry and determine the competitiveness of future business costs.
The Green Chemical New Materials Park project will be fully operational in 2023. By the end of 2021, the company announced its investment.
Tons of ethanolamine (eoa), 800,000 tons of polystyrene (ps) per year, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons per year with an accompanying poe, 750,000 tons of carbonate production plants per year, and associated engineering, are implemented in three stages. The company is expected to complete all in one year. The Green Chemical New Materials project has a forward-looking layout of battery-grade carbonate, alpha- and alpha-
A series of new, neck-cracked material series projects, such as HCs and Poe, are expected to emerge from the race for new materials, based on the advantage of light hydrocarbon feedstocks and forward-looking and high-intensity research and development inputs. Two new releases of 50,000 tonnes of eaa are planned, with an internal extension to boost national production.
Signing of a memorandum of cooperation to further cooperate in the construction and operation of a 50,000-ton/year-old eaa device. The main investment was from the Central Korean company, with a total investment of $2.17 billion and a 60-per-cent stake in skgc, with a 40-per-cent stake in Sante (a satellite-owned subsidiary) and a ratio of shares consistent with the first phase.
Construction of the 40,000-ton eaa device, the first domestic device, was the continuation of the previous cooperation, and the Division continued to add codes as a key area of national production replacement. eaa is a new packaging material with excellent thermal seals, resistant to tear, able to isolate air and water, excellent glue to metals, glass, etc., in electric cars.
Battery electrodes and diaphragms, food medicine packaging, photovoltaics, etc. can also be used for wire cables, steel coatings. In the middle of the viscosm complex membranes, eaa has better market prospects.
The conditions are broader and there is a possibility of replacing the eva in some areas. eaa is a combination of ethylene and PPA by high-temperature, high-pressure free radical polymers, and the layout of the product combines the advantages of the company ' s integrated layout of c2 and c3 raw materials, with a significant cost advantage for the company. It is clear from the agreement that the satellite subsidiary Shantley will supply the joint venture company with ethylene and PPA.
eaa is a conglomerate of ethylene and acrylic acid, which effectively combines the company’s existing c2 and c3 industrial chain with all of its raw materials. This collaboration between satellite chemistry and skgc is a key initiative in the search for advanced material for the company’s outreach, reflecting the firm’s commitment to actively deploy new materials.
Satellite chemistry is at the forefront of light hydrocarbon industries, with product production capabilities at the forefront. The company’s industrial chain is well integrated and prices of products and raw materials are highly volatile; Competition in the industry has increased;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.