C2&c3 weather repair, growth of new materials business, keyword: #Integration#Extension of Production # Second Curve c2 Industrial Chain Protecting Rivers Deep, Watching ethane Prices Downward.
The mooring river is dominated by three main aspects: 1) Cost advantages of ethane fission. From historical figures, ethane fission has long been on the left side of the cost curve, and recently along with ethane research assistant, Quaia.
Prices have fallen, and the cost advantage of ethane cracking has been magnified again: 2) sufficient supply of raw materials. In the United States, higher natural gas production has led to an increase in the supply of ethane, while demand at the same time faces constraints on domestic demand + exports, and ethane prices are expected to remain low in the long run; 3) supply is difficult to replicate.
Chain systems. The ethane fission project is very demanding for material acquisition and logistics security, companies have a very scarce supply chain system in their industry, and it is difficult for them to follow it.
In addition to the conventional pdh-pp route, the company focuses on building a chain of industries of a million tons of "pdh-proprylic acid-sap/acrylate-high molecular emulsion" with the construction of a 800,000-ton pdh-butoxyol project to continuously improve the competitive edge of the acrylic acid chain.
Since 2022h2, the price differential for acrylic acid has been relatively large. In the medium and long term, acrylic acid has been added to the production capacity.
With a steady increase in end demand, supply and demand patterns are expected to improve continuously. Over the year, a large number of projects contributed to performance.
The stage will also contribute to full performance; in addition, 800,000 tonnes of BJ, 200,000 tonnes of EPP, 150,000 tonnes of ABS and 260,000 tonnes of high molecular emulsions are expected to come into production in 24 years. With the above projects, the c2/c3 industry chain is back on track, and company elasticity is expected.
Feedstock platform, which accelerates new material layouts such as downstream poe, eaa, pss, polyethers, battery-grade carbonate, electron-level dioxygen water.
The company built the first set of 40,000 tonnes/year eaa devices in Asia with kkgc, and added a 50,000/year 2-year plan, which is expected to lead the way to a national production breakthrough for eaa. Multiplier.
“c2+c3” double-wheel drive towards the era of light hydrocarbons integration 1.1. Light hydrocarbons have solid roots and new material operations are rapidly advancing
Founded in 2005, the company, formerly Zhejiang Satellite Acrylic Acid Ltd., is mainly investing in acrylic acid and acrylic ester projects. In 2009, the company absorbed a combination of Sant'Lead, alumni chemicals, and in 2010 was given 100% shareholding in satellite transport. In 2011, it was successfully placed on the market, becoming the country ' s first publicly listed owner with a whole-industry chain of acrylic acid.
D. In 2012, the company was involved in the area of pdh, building the first uop-tech propane dehydrogen production unit in the country, and in 2014, building the first self-owned intellectual property sap device to integrate the c3 industrial chain up and down. In 2017, the company began to deploy the c2 industrial chain, with a low-carbon material at its core, to build the first domestic import of the ethane integrated utilization device, currently under c2.
Many products, such as hdpe, eo, eg, polyether monomer, are already at the forefront of production in the country. Companies will continue to exploit the synergies of the industry chain, accelerating new material layouts and launching a new two-wheel-driven pattern of “c2+c3”.
The company ' s equity structure is concentrated, with the first major shareholder being Zhejiang Satellite Holdings Ltd., which actually controls Mr. and Mrs. Yang Wedong and Mr. Yang Yajan, with a combined share of 50.4 per cent and the main affiliates in the industrial chain holding direct or indirect shares.