The industry is strong, with a year-round increase in profits 1 January 2022, with a clear firm position and a stable leadership position in the silicon, battery, and battery industries.
There's a leading size, technology, cost, and quality advantage. In 2021, the company produced the highest volume of pure crystal silicon in the world, with a 22% share in the domestic market (cpia statistics) and battery output for five years.
At the same time, companies strategically adhere to a professional division of labour that does not take too much time to integrate, but rather focus on silicon, battery, constant competitive advantage, and maintain their own industry leadership.
The profits from silicon operations are high and higher than expected in the industry. In 2021, the company ' s high-purity crystallized silicon and chemical industries increased by 27.3 per cent in the same year, with a Māori rate of 71.8 per cent, while operating safely and steadily throughout the year, with a capacity utilization rate of 129.91 per cent, well above the industry average.
The company has long attached great importance to technology research and development, creating a differentiated competitive advantage within the industry. In 2021, the company focused on cross-sectional links and integration in the import of new technologies, new products, and mass production.
And leading in quality, cost-control advantages. During the reporting period, companies continued to use 99.47% of their capacity, despite a significant industry cut-off rate, and company sales continued to grow at a high rate, reflecting a strong firm’s resilience to risk.
At a profit level between $16 and $17. Investments suggest that, while this year ' s massive expansion of the industry ' s silicon may have had a supply-side impact and the battery fragments were not yet in the mainstream, companies are expected to rely on excellent management teams, extensive management experience and strong input.
The firm’s silicon and battery business continued to grow at a very high rate this year, with a strong technological base of 95.3 billion yuan for 22 and 91.7 billion yuan for 23 years, net profit for the mother, 178 dollars for the methodology and analytical logic of the study, and an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.