Launch of an employee holding plan to bind the core workforce to a firm competitive advantage, with 14 heads of core operations, such as the Chief, Deputy Chairman, Financial Director, and the Secretary of the Treasury, and the company ' s multi-crystal silicon, battery and agropastoral blocks; reserve of 1.96 billion yuan, to be based on the 2022-2024 workforce.
The employee holding plan is designed to bind core staff for long-term development. The company’s current employee holding plan is aimed at nuclear 1. “Fighting performance, silicon expansion, re-pacing – core staff and core managers of major business units, locking up for 12 months, and the company is currently in the process of doing so.
In the critical phase of the expansion of the firm ' s competitive position, the employee holding scheme will bind the interests of the employee and the enterprise. 2. The January-February performance is over-expected, silicon, battery-rich management teams and associated employees are motivated and competitive advantages are firmly established.
Polycrystal silicon expansion planning is stable over time, with fine tilling being a constant and stable cost advantage.
The multi-crystal silicon industry has gradually moved from capital cost-driven downswing to technological advances, demanding higher demands for technological innovation and efficiency management in the enterprise sector. The company has stabilized in the multi-crysil silicon industry for more than a decade, and 5.
The technology and fine management levels are leading, with the company ' s cost of new production in 2021 at a minimum of $3.37 million per ton, a fall of 7.2 per cent over the same period, with a strong cost advantage. The wrong integrated layout protects the battery business.
In 2021, the company used 99.68% of battery film production capacity, a significant leader in the industry. The excess profits of multi-crystal silicon also provided strong financial support for the company, with $2.036 billion invested in research and development in 2021.
It is significantly higher than most of its counterparts, and the company has a large number of new battery technologies, such as hjt, topcon, and is expected to build up thin hair and enjoy the excess profits of technology in the future.
End demand is not as high as expected; new construction projects are not expanding as expected; and industry risks of irrational expansion are not measured.