The power of silicon taps has been highlighted by the combination of multi-technology of batteries, the Tungwei shares (600438), the profit of $8,208 million, an increase of 127.5 per cent in the same year, the net profit of $8,486 million in the non-mortality margin, an increase in the same amount.
Silicon-based operations increased and production capacity continued to expand. In 2021, the company’s high-purity crystallized silicon production was the first \triangleright in the world, with 22% of the domestic market, 50,000 tons in 21 and 50,000 in 1st.
The Ton Project has been put into production successively, with an output capacity of 180,000 tons. The current build-up capacity includes the first two tranches of 50,000 tons, which are expected to be completed in 22 years, and the three tranches of 120,000 tons, which are expected to be produced in 23 years, which will bring the post-partum capacity to 350,000 tons.
In recent years, companies have been working with mainstream downstream silicon companies to sell long, open-ended sheets with a single crystallization rate of more than 99% silicon products and have achieved bulk supply of n materials. On the cost side, the average aggregate electricity consumption per company product unit is equal to that of the same amount.
Each year, there is a 12% decline in steam consumption, a 55% decline in the same year, and several other core indicators have been optimized to varying degrees, with firms continuously improving their core competitiveness.
The annual energy of 45gw, 2022q1 tons of solar energy is to be invested in a 32g high-efficiency crystal silicon cell project in the Maroon Hill, which is expected to reach 80-100gw by the end of the 23rd year. Battery pieces and components will be sold throughout the year at 34.93gw, an increase of 57.6%, yielding 24,935 million yuan, Māori ratio.
For 8.8 per cent, the decrease of 5.7 pcc is due mainly to the mismatch between supply and demand in the industrial chain, which is based on market demand and is organized in combination with the production line structure, with products sold directly from production bases such as double streaming, golden canyon, browsing and alloying to downstream components, with major clients covering the top 10 companies worldwide.
In terms of costs, the price of raw materials has increased in 21 years, the profitability of the industry has declined, and the company ' s capacity utilization has remained 99.47% at a time when the industry has significantly reduced the rate of start-up, and sales have increased at a high rate. The average non-silicon cost of single crystal perc batteries has fallen to 0.18.
Within /w, there was an 11% decline in the same year, with larger-scale non-silicon costs falling more sharply, with the BD 182 and above now accounting for more than 70% of the large-scale production capacity. With respect to technology R&D, companies are investing in a test line in 1gwhjt, and Hjt ' s R&D and volume efficiency are now significantly improved;
The 1gw project is now well under way.
The production industry is leading in the area of mass conversion efficiency; the High-speed Photovoltaic Technology Centre has also further strengthened the development of cutting-edge technologies such as intergenerational technology, hbc, titanium mines, and stacking batteries/assemblies, in the 9th House of the City Front Street in the West Side of Beijing.
By the end of the 21 years, the company had built 48 photovoltaic power stations with a cumulative grid of 2.7gw, accounting for 3.09 billion degrees of electricity for the year, generating $1.603 billion, a year-on-year increase.
36.9 per cent The company will continue to promote the “fishing as one” development model, and the Division of Organic Pool Agricultural Strengths and Light has completed the acquisition of feed operations under the Tianzhou Consort, which will further create complementary production synergies, boost municipal ownership and strengthen industry leadership.
Risk factors: Additional photovoltaic loaders are less than expected; capacity expansion is less than expected; and battery film technology development is less than expected. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the year to conduct research on new energy industries for electrical equipment.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.