Three heavy jobs (600031), firm review report, strong growth in performance, victory over the international chemicals flagship - three heavy jobs (600031), annual report 2020.
The net return to the mother was $15,431 million, an increase of 36.25 per cent; it is proposed to allocate $6 per 10 shares (including taxes); and the domestic share of the excavator continues to rise, and the non-digger sector has made a qualitative leap abroad, with similar performance in the non-digger area: (1) excavation revenue of $37,528 million, an increase of 35.85 per cent over the same period, resulting in over 90,000 excavators.
The company has also stepped up its research and development efforts in parallel, and has been successful in developing smart excavators, mini-diggers-type E-5 excavators, megatons, and 150 tons of excavators.
Sub-tons cover a full range of products that are more competitive than those of the same size. (2) Excavator sales abroad exceed 10,000 units by 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of 90 per cent in sales of offshore micro excavators, counter-market growth in income in major markets such as South-East Asia/United States/Europe/Africa.
The share has risen significantly to the top in some countries; there has been considerable progress in the development of channels, services, capacity-building, etc. in overseas markets, with a potential future. (3) With the exception of excavators, concrete machinery collects $6,825 million, i.e. +41.9 per cent, and road machinery earns 2.804 billion, i.e. $2.804 billion, i.e. the same amount.
+30.59% The market share of automobile cranes, flatteners, rollers, etc. The profitability is increasing, and the quality of business is increasing.
The year-round Māori rate of 29.82 per cent, a decline of 2.87 pcts from the year-on-year, is mainly due to the implementation of new income guidelines and sales assessment: sales grew at a rate of 67 per cent in November, while the excavator market remained optimistic for 21 years. The freight costs were adjusted to operating costs.
Research on the dollar securities industry -- investment strategy for the mechanical sector in 2021: 13.36 billion yuan in the wind, an increase of 12.45 per cent in the same year, which is a historic increase. Operational efficiency continues to increase.
Queries: Upgraded financial services to improve integrated competitiveness, long-share employee holdings, continued downstream engineering machinery, firm-driven digitalization, internationalization process, confidence development 2020.11.30
China’s engineering and engineering industries have long-term market prospects, and demand in the areas of orbital transport, water engineering, and upgrading of the old city and other infrastructure and real estate is enormous. With the growing demand for new and renewed technologies resonant, the engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue its high profile in 2020.
The offshore engineering and machinery market has been significantly curtailed, with a recovery expected in 2021, and as the global competitiveness of three or more workers continues to increase, the overseas market will gradually expand.
The company's Beacon plant, which is at the top of the industry, is pushing ahead with the upgrading of the Beacon plant, which is expected to build production capacity in 2021, leading the engineering and mechanical enterprise of the country.
In 2021, we managed to raise 120 billion yuan to move to digitalization, internationalization, and in view of the changing landscape of the engineering and machinery industry and the growing competitiveness of the company, we expect to reach 2021 to 2020 million yuan.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and is clear in this report.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.