Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation researched subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank 3 1-hour work-a (600031ch)
We see an opportunity to revalue the potential value of three heavy jobs for the following reasons: (1) the demand for excavators will continue to be driven by structural factors, making future sales more sustainable; (2) the company ' s digital transformation strategy will help to expand its competitive advantage; and (3) overseas expansion will offer great opportunities.
We're going to revalue the three-pronged jobs as growth-based rather than cycle-type stocks. We're going to raise the 2020-22 profit forecast by Von Quint, cfa yuan. We believe that the over-expected demand for excavators in the first quarter of 2021 will be strong in the near future.
Digital transformation enhances global competitiveness. A few years ago, companies began a digital transformation of smart manufacturing, which led to a gradual move towards higher productivity. In 2019, the per capita income of companies reached $590,000, exceeding the captile ($530,000). Looking ahead, as more lighthouse plants become operational and move on to one.
Over the years, Caterpillar has generated about 60% of the income outside the United States, while Matsuma has generated over 70% of the income outside Japan.
In the first half of 2020, income from overseas amounted to less than 20% of total income, and we believe that there is a great potential for triple-time workers to develop outside China. As product quality improves and sales networks continue to build, we believe that overseas markets will be an important engine of income growth.
According to ccma, China’s major producers sold the same number of excavators in 2020, up from 39% to 328,000. Looking ahead, artificial replacements, wheelloaders, etc.
Based on upstream supply-chain feedback, we anticipate that excavator demand will be a major risk: (1) risk to overseas operations caused by the epidemic; (2) a slowdown in construction activities; and (3) expansion.
Source: Company and Silver International Securities Forecasts