Three heavy jobs (600031): Product competitiveness continues to improve, engineering machinery continues to be high and the company is the leading equipment manufacturer in the world, the main product.
Comprises concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, road construction machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures, etc.
After the outbreak, a series of products recovered strongly and the quality of their operations continued to improve. With the return of downstream workers, the engineering and machinery market rebounded strongly after March 2020. The company was able to sell 37.528 billion yuan worth of machines throughout the year, an increase of 35.85 per cent, with more than 90,000 excavators, the number one in the world.
First brand of the ball; income from sales of crane machinery amounted to $19.409 billion, an increase of 38.84 per cent in the same year; income from machinery sales was $6.825 billion, an increase of 41.9 per cent in the same year; revenue from sales of surface machinery was $2,804 million, a decrease of 184 percentage points in the same period: 12.80 per cent.
Research and development (R & D) is driven by remarkable results, and product competitiveness continues to improve. Companies are implementing a doubling of R & D staff, reducing the R & D cycle by more than 20%. Companies are actively promoting digitalization, intelligent transformation, building a lighthouse plant, which is expected to be fully productive in 2021.
Advanced industrial and digital technologies, such as visual recognition, process simulation, heavy-load robots, have greatly enhanced human and production efficiency and significantly reduced manufacturing costs. Stock upgrades are needed at the centre of demand, and subsequent demand is strongly supported.
For the highest share of products, the share of income in 2020 was 37.51%, and for the company’s main power product, the rate was significantly higher than for concrete machines and cranes. The current ten-year domestic stock of excavators was 1.67 million, and part of the difference between the current cycle and the previous one was the demand for stock renewal.
The future demand for excavators is still solidly supported by stock upgrading and demand for real estate, capital investment. The company, as the leader of the excavator industry, now accounts for more than 28% of the city, with a steady increase in the city’s share, and we believe that the company is expected to benefit from the excavation.
The growth of the industry as a whole, given the competitiveness of the company’s products and the advantages of its channels, is expected to grow faster than the average industry. According to our calculations, about 700,000 excavators are about to be phased out in the next five years.
We assume that the replacement needs for 2020-2022 will be the rise of an autonomous brand, represented by three-fold jobs, which will continue to replace foreign brand stock models such as the Japanese, Korean, and American. For companies, it will help to smooth the traditional cycle fluctuations of ironing engineering machinery.
Long-term expectations given to markets for stable corporate performance and upgrading the valuation hub. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect companies to achieve a business income split between 2021 and 2023.
Three heavy jobs (600031): continuous improvement in product competitiveness and continuation of the high profile of engineering machinery
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Company reports that three heavy jobs (600031) continue to improve product competitiveness and to maintain the high profile of engineering machinery.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.