The high performance of beneficiary industries has continued to grow and the overall competitiveness of companies has improved
The total Māori rate for the company as a whole was 30.30%, a decline of 1.84 pct, a decline in sales costs, and a decrease in management costs.
0.51 pct; net profit rate of 15.42 per cent, an increase of 0.61 pct over the same period, with a continuous increase in profitability.The market position of core products has continued to increase, with continued investment in product and core parts research, total equity/flow (million shares)
Billion, 35.85 per cent more than year-on-year, with more than 90,000 sales worldwide; concrete machinery revenue of 27,052 million, 16.6 per cent more than year-on-year, with a steady first global brand; and heavy machinery revenue of 6.3 per cent, with some representative products such as mega-diggers, smart excavators, five bridge pumps, etc.
Leasing enhances synergies among the main industries, firms are less competitive, and product competitiveness and market ownership continue to increase. Digital transformation enhances firms’ competitiveness, and the internationalization strategy continues to advance firmly: corporate ownership
The 3rd Quarter continues to be strong, continuing the digitalization and intelligent transformation, including by promoting the construction of lighthouse plants, dynamic process growth, and continuing to benefit from the high state of the country.
Four-fold, industrial software applications, data management and applications, and electrical intelligence of products through oral growth - 2020/10/29 Digital transformation reduces product costs, upgrades product quality and overall upgrades of companies in the domestic market
Three heavy jobs (600031), "2020q2 outperformed the industry, with an increase in city occupancy, and a reverse growth in excavators. We judge that the foreign market is expected to grow at a high rate in 2021.
“buy-in” ratings are maintained. High performance in beneficiary industries continues to grow, corporate competitiveness improves overall. High performance in beneficiary industries continues to grow and corporate competitiveness improves overall
In the financial sector, eight years of work have been done, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report