Mechanical engineering iii net profit of 15,431 million yuan, an increase of 36.25 per cent over the previous year, while overall business was good and competitiveness continued to improve. In 2020, the revenue from the sale of machines was $37,528 million, a decrease of 36.25 per cent.
Ten thousand, number one in the world; concrete machinery realized sales revenue of $27.52 billion, an increase of 16.6 per cent and a steady increase of 16.6 per cent in the same year; weight machine sales earned $19.409 billion, an increase of 38.84 per cent and the share of the market in automobiles and cranes continued to rise; and stump machinery sales earned $6.825 billion, an increase of 41.9 per cent in the same year, a steady increase in China.
First brand; road machinery sales revenue of $2.804 billion, an increase of 30.59 per cent over the same period, the market share of the amplifiers is the highest in the country, and the market share of the flats and ballasts has increased markedly.
The management, R & D, financial costs (four costs) rate of 12.80 per cent represents a significant decrease of 1.84 percentage points from the same period in 2019, of which the sales cost rate was 1.87 percentage points lower than in 2019; the management cost rate was higher than in 2019 for the company to manage inventory and receivables, and the inventory turnover rate was 4.17 times/year, an increase of 0.23 times/year compared to the previous year;
The turnover of accounts receivable decreased from 103 days in the previous year to 80 days, an increase of 69 per cent in the same year, while the quality and efficiency of corporate R & D was significantly improved, with inputs such as advanced R & D tools, reducing the R & D cycle by more than 20 per cent. By the end of 2020, companies had accumulated 10278 patents and authorized patents.
7613 applications and authorizations were first in the country's industry.
3x1 Industry: Sustained industry, rapid corporate performance, data management applications, dynamic smartness of products, positive digitalization, intelligent transformation, significant transformation effect in 2020, significant growth in corporate capacity, and per capita output in the lead water in the global engineering and machinery industry
Three heavy jobs: short-term affected by the epidemic, expected to hit the second quarter, internationalization strategy is advancing, and the share of the overseas market is rising. In 2020, the company achieved $14,104 million in international sales earnings, and three heavy jobs: high industry performance, with the greatest advantage.
Almost the same as in 2019, when the epidemic led to a sharp contraction in the demand for overseas engineering machinery, companies sold better overseas than industry and increased market share. Companies dug up three top jobs in major markets, such as North America, Europe, and India: performance improvements are expected to continue and new ones will be actively explored.
The market share in South-East Asia has risen significantly, with a collective breakthrough in some countries rising to the top. At the same time, firms have made considerable progress in developing and digitizing their overseas systems, such as overseas channels, agents, etc., and it is expected that the company’s overseas market position will continue to improve steadily.
• Industry is expected to grow steadily in 2021, and corporate competitive advantage will continue to grow. (1) The sale of excavators is expected to increase steadily in 2021, driven by a combination of factors such as downstream infrastructure demand, replacement demand for re-diggers, manpower substitution for small digs, and environmental policies to accelerate the phase-out of old equipment; and (2) triple jobs for industry.
At the same time, firms are actively pursuing strategies of digitalization, efficiency and internationalization, as well as the gradual upgrading of overseas markets, which are expected to open the way to the growth of globalization.