Corporate review report — light industry 21h1 battalion performance is increasing at the same time, class double-wheel drive and b-end bull group (603195.sh)
Chen Bojo's 2021h1 collection is increasing in tandem with net profit, and the b-channel is starting to grow.c On the end channel, the decorative channel has been successfully developed as the company's priority dynamic direction by 21h1.
More than 10,000 web sites, and companies have set up head-city administrations to guarantee precision farming in second-line cities: As for hardware and digital channels, companies rely on digital marketing tools and digital upgrading of “visit marketing” models to reinforce existing advantages.
By the same date, sales revenue increased by 47 per cent for 21h1, with the main companies benefiting from full-source digital marketing Strategic layout and precision product targeting. For b-channels, sales revenue increased by 346 per cent for 21h1, with the main companies benefiting accelerating the expansion of strategic customers and domestic firms.
By 21h1, the company has entered into a strategic partnership with more than 20 housing companies, a partnership with more than 100 national head decorating companies, and a partnership with more than 6,000 regional head decorating companies. We expect that companies will continue to deepen in the future while they continue to consolidate their head position within their niche channels.
A two-wheel-drive model of electrical connection and smart electrician lighting was established, with smart players at the beginning of the field. 2021h1, split between company electrical connection operations/smart electrician lighting operations/digital accessories operations
Industrial lighting has a strong two-wheel-drive growth momentum. Among these, smart electrician lighting operations have seen a 62 per cent-37 per cent-106 per cent increase in wall-opening/led lighting/other smart electric lighting, respectively, and have benefited from an increase in the implementation of the product-based optimization strategy.
Incubation of products and the introduction of products such as bathhouses, smart homes, etc. to achieve second-class diversities in niche areas. We expect that companies will further accelerate the expansion of products in intelligent homes in the future, with the prospect of a shift to home-based smart solutions providers from multiple monolithic development.
The Māori rate is well regulated by the same margin, with net interest rates of 2102 seasons running second to last 7 seasons. It is generally stable. In terms of cost rates, 21h1 companies have significantly reduced sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates, highlighting the strong branding influence of companies and their high level of cost control.
In terms of interest rates, the net interest rate for sales by 21H1 was 24.42 per cent, an increase of 4.86 percentage points in comparison with the previous year, and the investment proposal: as a leader in the field of civilian electric power, the company is expected to consolidate its market position in the future with a sustained push for full-channel distribution and a transformation of the role of the provider of smart home solutions, and
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.