The company received the decision of the Zhejiang Provincial Market Supervisory Authority on 27 September, and the company violated the decision.
Contrary to: 1) the price fixed for resale of goods to third parties; 2) the minimum price set for resale of goods to third parties constitutes the act of entering into and implementing a monopoly agreement with the counterpart of the trade, and is fined at 3 per cent of its revenue of 9,827 million yuan in 2020, amounting to approximately 290 million yuan.
The impact of the penalty on profits is limited: due to the company ' s receipt in August of a one-time subsidy of $259 million for the Tzu-Chun City billion Enterprise Development Programme, the impact of the penalty will be felt, with a total expected reduction in the three-quarter profit margin approximation - the Bulls Group Report, 2021.8.18.
The core is solid and the rehabilitation is expected to improve competitiveness once again: the penalty is expected to be largely due to irregularities in the text of the agreement between the firm and the distributors.
The Division has now formally begun a comprehensive self-censorship and restructuring process, which is expected to lead to further improvement at the level of channel management, thus opening up the gap with competitors again. Overall, strong barriers to the company’s access are the result of competition in the market and are not subject to shocks, and the company’s “safe” brand image has been captured.
According to the consumer's mind, the penalty will not affect this image, and the firm's core strength remains stable. Three business blocks continue to deepen and grow over time: the company's three business segments continue to deepen, and the product expansion is increasing smoothly.
It relies on the company's high-quality brand image, and in June it quickly took over the lead in cat sales, and the new growth path opened. Smart electrician lighting plate, which opened up the walls, opened up and moved into a fast-growing phase, Led operates with a modern decorating light.
Under the pressure of rising cost of raw materials, there is an excellent mitigation efficiency capacity, and management advantages are again proven, with firm and sustained growth in corporate performance over time while core strengths remain strong.
b End-of-end channels are not expanding well; new product categories are not expanding well; raw material prices are rising significantly.