Bulls Group (603195) Light Worker Manufacturing Multi-type Synergy and Sustained Profitability Release, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2021, with 2021h1 achieving a revenue of $5.82 billion, or +41.6 per cent, of the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $1.42 billion, or +76.9 per cent of the same year; the non-net profit of $1.32 billion, with a steady increase in revenue from the company ' s product lines in the same year, and the firm ' s continued robust operations.
Precision of costs and release of profitability. In the first half of the 21st year, the combined Māori rate for companies was 37.5 per cent (-0.2 pp) and Māori was stable, mainly due to increased cost control by companies, centralized purchases of standardized raw materials such as copper, plastics, etc., to reduce the business risks associated with large fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, while at the same time collecting them.
For 4% (-1.4pp), the profitability was released, mainly due to the company ' s reduced television advertising input, enhanced marketing of power suppliers and web sites and their gradual introduction into the statements. The single-quarter data show that the Māori ratio of 2021q2 was 37.7% higher than at the beginning of the year, as a result of the company ' s initiative to prepare goods to protect against rising raw materials prices; and operating the current stock.
The traditional track has a strong edge and the new product has been rapidly upgraded. 1) The electricity connection product has been new and the application landscape has been enriched. In the first half of the year, the company set up a new energy vehicle connection operation, fast.
Quick development and listing of first charger gun products; in addition, building on the advantage of the hardware channel, continued cultivation of e.g. electric duct tape, stock price zones within 52 weeks (in dollars)
During the first half of the year, the company electricity connection generated income of $2.99 billion (+32 per cent). 2) The smart electrician lighting business generated income of $2.64 billion (+61 per cent), with 62 per cent increase in income from wall switches, 37 per cent increase in revenue from the led lighting business, and revenue from other electric lighting products such as bathhouses, circuit breakers, smart homes, etc.
1. Bulls Group (603195): product layouts are gradually improving. • C-strength channel base, b-end client expansion accelerates. 1) In the traditionally superior hardware channel, the company continues. Bulls Group (603195): significant performance repairs, canals
(ii) Decorative channels Bulls Group (603195): recovery of demand and recovery performance.
On the other hand, with regard to the consumer ' s demand for one-stop shopping in front of home renovations, the company has promoted the specialization and integration of multichannels for the production of new opportunities (2020-08-19), the introduction of bull wall switches, led lighting, circuit breakers, and electricity for life.
By the end of June 2021, more than 10,000 homes had been developed. 3) Cooperation with more than 20 Top strategic housing enterprises has been achieved in strategic client development; and, at the same time, the company has been actively engaged in developing a home-to-house channel, using the opportunity of loading companies and making a complete business transition.
A national head decorating company, more than 6,000 regional head decorating companies, collaborated to increase the influence of bulls in b-side markets. Endb sales revenue increased by 346 per cent in the first half of 2021; with digital platforms such as tremors, mini-red books, b-stations, and tremors, all-round branding, product grassing, etc.
In the first half of 2021, the company continued to upgrade and upgrade its production efficiency. In the first half of 2021, the company continued to upgrade its production and automating, and the conversion plant imported 153 equipment and two automated wires: a walled plant.
In the first half of the year, output rose by 21.4 per cent per unit per unit; the led lighting plant aimed to build a low-cost, stable supply chain with an average efficiency improvement of more than 15 per cent; the digital plant focused on smart flexible manufacturing with a process efficiency increase of more than 50 per cent; and the hardware plant had formed a pressure-assembly automation facility with full coverage, with a workforce.
The plant has been completely new; the factory has been upgraded to auto-packed-coded system and systems, and, in conjunction with the manufacturing and logistics systems, has saved the loading and logistics staff and has improved logistics efficiency overall. Companies have increased their investment in the digitization of factories, maintaining business process, process digitization, digital asset capitalization, and so on.
The dollar, which corresponds to 36-fold, 31-fold, and 27-fold, maintains a “holding” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.