The Bottle Group (603195) reported the same rating for 2021 as +41.65 per cent; the net return to the mother was 1,421 million yuan as +76.85 per cent. Of this, q2 was operational in the first quarter.
Income of $3.245 billion, or +18.93 per cent; net return to mother ' s share of $814 million, or +28.60 per cent. Core operations recovered robustly. Performance continued to grow by double digits after the base was removed.
+32 per cent; smart lighting electricians earned 2,644 million yuan, compared to 61 per cent, of which wall switches earned +62 per cent and led lighting revenue + 37 per cent; digital fittings earned a slight decline, ranging from -10 per cent to 174 million. Given the efficiency gains in digital enabling supply chains + cost reduction, the cost upward pressure has increased the profitability of companies.
Faced with the pressure of rising prices of raw materials in 2021h1, the company continues to push for digital enabling supply chains and locks raw material purchases through hedging, etc., with a slight decline of 0.16 pct to 37.48 per cent over the same period; at the same time, there are many openings in the construction of the pipeline and a sustained increase in the potential for end-B to contribute in the context of the completion of the reheating of the property.
\triangleright 2021h1 continues to promote a multi-dimensional system of channels, with good progress in decorating, traditional hardware, digital, and electricity suppliers. Of these, b-channel sales revenue increased by +346% over the year, with the most visible performance.
In view of the speed of completion of property construction since June, and the recent increase in the proportion of refined merchandise houses, the company has entered into a partnership with more than 20 top strategic housing companies, and has established solid cooperation with more than 100 national head-dressing companies and more than 600 regional head-dressing companies. Given the speed of completion of the property since June, and the increase in the proportion of refined commodity-houses in recent years, the continued release of end-b channels in the medium to long term is expected to bring greater income elasticity to the company.
Stable, new product development and multidimensional channels are steadily advancing, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Real estate markets are volatile, raw material prices continue to rise sharply, and competition patterns in the industry are increasing.
2. Biannual report of the Bulls Group (603195): q2
The company's financial statement projections are summarized by Li Feng, the Executive Vice-President of the Institute, who worked for the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.