The Centre for the Study of Consumer Upgrading and Recreation
The power of the downscaling works, new products are expected to start a new growth, company fundamentals (RMB) power connections are growing robustly, b-channels are opening up well: by branch of business, company 2021h1 electricity company.
Revenues from the same period ranged from +32 per cent to 2.99 billion, with new-energy car charger gun products only marketed in June, and electricity connection growth is expected to continue to be driven mainly by converter products, while growth in the high-market share of mature products remains strong. Revenue from smart electrician lighting operations ranged from +61 per cent to $2.64 billion, of which walls were opened.
In addition, the revenue from the digital components business is equal to -10% to 170 million. Sub-channels, companies continue to expand beyond traditional hardware, building materials, etc.
1. " Core solid, deep-seated, far-fetched Bulls Group " has accelerated the expansion of b-end and online channels, especially b-end, where the company works with more than 20 Top Strategic Houses, more than 100 national head companies and more than 6,000 regional headscarf companies.
The company 2021h1 increased revenue from b-end/seller channels by 346-47 per cent on the same date. 2. " Bulls Group " reports point evaluation-repairs, travels a long way, smooths up the cost of raw materials, with a higher net interest rate of h1: the company ' s overall net profit in the first half of the year.
The second quarter of the year was marked by a marked improvement in the harvest ratio, with net interest rates still rising in the face of high upward pressure, mainly as a result of the significant rise in raw materials as a result of the company ' s mature hedging mechanism and the gradual automation of the plants as information became available.
Well, production efficiency has continued to improve, resulting in a ratio of -0.2 to 37.5 per cent for h1, which we believe is likely to rise in the second half of the year as raw material costs have fallen from the bottom line. On the other hand, corporate cost controls have been excellent, with an overall decline of 3.5 to 10.1 per cent in the first half of the year, with sales costs.
The core is solid, and the new product category is expected to start a new growth: the number of offline channels has continued to expand, now surpassing 1.12 million, and the b end and power suppliers have also started to work and “safe” brand images and channels have expanded.
A virtuous circle has emerged, with the core barriers further entrenched, laying the foundation for future growth in multi-grade growth. Overall, the converter business will remain the company’s most stable “cash cow” business in the future, and as the new energy charger class is opened, the company’s electricity connection will grow again, according to me.
They estimate that the size of the recharger/pump-out calculator market is expected to reach $13.12.1 billion in 2025, and that the need for the Bull brand image-compromises class, with its obvious advantages, is expected to grow rapidly. The rest of the items outside, such as walled, led, etc., will also gradually benefit from the converter business in brands, channels, and production.
The end of the product is expected to reach the height of converter operations in the medium to long term. A full but poorly expanded b-end channel; a poor expansion of new products; and a sharp increase in the price of raw materials.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment