Bulls Group (603195): Full access to Bulls Group. Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995.
The Division focuses on research and development, production and marketing of civilian electrician products with converters, wall switches and plugs at their core, with major packages.
The tap is well run and the class of superiors continues to be strong. By category, 1) the electric connection business collects 2,988 million square converters (i.e., extended wire plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), 32 per cent more than the previous year, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period in 2019. 2) The smart electrician lighting business collects 2.
Power sources such as wall switches plugs, led lighting, digital fittings, etc. $2.640 billion, an increase of 61 per cent over the same period in 2019 and an increase of about 26 per cent over the same period.
Billion dollars, down 10% from the same year. The company’s superiors, such as electricity connections, wall openings, have been able to achieve a rapid increase in prices of raw materials during the last six months, and we believe that the future advantage can be sustained. By putting up decorative lights, the firm’s competition against led sources has increased, and the industry’s negative growth has led to a negative impact.
The 52-week stock price range has an impact and may remain stable in the future. In the new category, lighting products such as bathhouses, circuit breakers, etc., benefit from decorating, channel layout, which continues to increase and is expected to become a new growth point; digital accessories have declined, as the company grows.
All channels are well under way, expanding the channels to protect the city's rivers. The advantage of the channels created by years of deep farming is that the company's most mobile b/h (millions of shares) is one of the main moats and is the foundation of the company's civil electric industry's eco-strategy.
All channels on the line and at the end of the line have been developed in a coordinated and complementary manner, giving them the advantage of opening up and widening the channels to protect the city’s rivers. Underline channels: on the hardware side, the development of super-sales has been increased, modern channels such as convenience stores have been opened through dealers, and access to platforms like o2o in the United States Regiment has continued to increase the number of channels and increase the number of channels.
In addition, through the active development of decorative channels around the demand for one-stop purchases of the front-loading chain, the push for exclusive marketing and integration, and the import of full-scale electric lighting products, 10,000 power lines have now been successfully developed: full class, digital marketing using professional teams, and the continuous development of new platforms.
Promotes coordinated development of the whole group. 2021h1 achieved a 47% increase over the same period.b End-of-pipe: build specialized service capacity, improve production end-delivery efficiency, achieve collaboration with more than 20 top houses, and more than 100 national decorative companies.
In cooperation with regional decorating enterprises, more than 6,000 have been successfully partnered, with a promising future. 2021h1, b-channels have increased by 346% over the same period. Sales/management rates have decreased significantly by 1.40pct/-0.99pt, respectively.
Research Assistant: In the context of the substantial increase in prices, the company achieved a slight decrease in the Māori rate through price increases and hedges, and took advantage of its size to reduce the cost rate by achieving a net interest rate of 24.42 per cent at 2021h1, reaching a four-year high, the same ratio.
+4.86pc. We believe that companies can transfer costs to the terminal while maintaining the advantage of scale, and that failure to make a profit is expected to continue to increase.
The company has been able to create new products along the three main tracks of electrical connection, smart electric lighting, digital fittings, and to win a larger market share. As new businesses, such as electric duct tape, are being developed, new products such as decorative lamps, bathhouses, smart door locks are being developed, and new leaders like new power cars, smart homes, etc. are being actively explored.
The new product categories are expected to build on the synergies of the channels, continuously upgrade supply chain capabilities, with brand influence and product innovation capabilities, and provide a solid basis for expansion. Diversified product types and channels, and products, do not undermine innovation demand, are dependent on the company’s increasing supply chain capacity.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Profitability, automation, informationization, production and logistics efficiency, increasing competitiveness Bulls Group (603195): smooth development of channels and increased certainty of growth
Mr. Yoo Tanda, research assistant.
The Chang-jae Shen Chong Lwin is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Bulls Group (603195): All channels are well developed, growth is more certain, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.