Industry’s boom in income has been characterized by high levels of innovation, attention to the expansion of corporate business and changing patterns of competition - the news was rated in the press in 2018, and the media published half-yearly reports in the evening of 28 August 2018, with 2018h1 achieving operating income.
71.10 billion yuan, an increase of 26.05 per cent in the same year, and 3,347 million yuan in net profit to mothers, an increase of 32.14 per cent in the same year.
The re-evaluation of the value of the online media and the rapid expansion of the company’s revenues in the first half of the year were the main reasons for the high rate of income innovation.
The rate of growth is still as high as 32.1 per cent, but as the company continues to expand, the number of resource points is rapidly increasing, media spot rental costs closely related to the number of media sites, depreciation of media equipment, development and maintenance operations will gradually be reflected in the statements in the second half of the year, bringing the net profit of the company back to about 20 per cent.
The accelerated expansion, at the expense of short-term profits, is in line with the company’s long-term strategy: from the second half of 2017, the company actively expanded, making steady progress towards the medium-term goal of covering 500 cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million new middle-income cities per day.
But it's in line with the company's long-term strategy. To open up the growth space and strengthen the vanguard advantage on a large scale, the firm's business performance growth depends on price increases and Māori rates, improved cost rates, but not long-term patterns, and the company's performance growth ultimately depends on an increase in size, while the company's large-scale growth will further boost the company's market.
We're trying to adjust the company because of the short-term competitive impact of competitors such as the new-tide media.
The Māori Rate of Elevator Media Advertisement has continued to rise, the digital marketing of boards has increased their competitive edge, and their performance has stabilized, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Industry boom + company expansion, corporate revenue acceleration 7.11 billion yuan in the first half of 2018, a 26 per cent increase in the same year, including 1.1 building media revenues, strong rebounds in the advertising industry in the first half of 2018, and significant increases in advertising spending.
In the first half of 2016-2018, the entire media advertising campaign cost 1.2 per cent, outdoor advertising continued to decline, and advertising budgets moved from outdoor advertising to elevator advertising.
Outdoor advertising and elevator advertising have similar advertising value, and as outdoor advertising declines, elevator advertising must have changed in the first half of 2016-2018. 1.3. Underline media values are revalued.
Online advertising is becoming more expensive, and the value of offline media is valued by advertisers. In the absence of a significant expansion in the total volume of elevator media over the past few years, brand manufacturers have spent a significant increase, suggesting that the value of building media brands is recognized by clients, especially large ones.
At the end of July 2018, the company ' s own media, including elevator television and elevator posters, were selling some 2,167,000 units, up from 1.37 million at the end of June 2017 and 15.15 million at the end of 2017, respectively.
The profits are growing at a high rate, and the profits are expected to fall in the second half of the year. In the first half of 2018, the net profits of the company were 3,347 million yuan, or 32.1% more than in the first half of the year.
The company’s high profit growth in 2018 largely benefited from high income growth, a combination of higher income growth and profit growth bases, and continued to improve Māori rates and costs, but the improvement was significantly lower than in 2016 and 2017.
Net profit from the distribution media in the first half of 2015-2018 (single figure 6: net profit from non-return in the first half of 2015-2018)
Corporate sales rates have continued to decline, and management rates have declined slightly. Corporate sales rates have dropped from 18.00 per cent to 16.82 per cent, a significant decrease, and we believe that the decline is mainly due to high income growth and cost 2.2, the company is in a period of rapid expansion, and the profit rate will decline in the second half of the year.
In the second half of 2017, the company began a new round of expansion, making steady progress toward the medium-term target of 500 cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million new urban middle-rises per day. Historically, the Māori rate and cost of the company’s expansion will decline, and it will be public in the second half of 2015.
The trend towards a decline in the Māori rate and an increase in the cost rate has yet to be reflected in the high industry profile, high corporate income growth, and costs and billing points. Starting in the second quarter of 2018, the company increased its capacity to develop the media market in buildings, the number of resource points has increased rapidly, and the costs of media location rentals and media installations are closely related to the number of media outlets.
The impact of depreciation, development maintenance operating costs will be reflected in the second half of 2018. 2.3, mauriculation rates, cost rates and cash flow pressure during the expansion period.
The company’s business stabilization period has led to a much higher rate of profit than income growth by significantly raising the Māori rate and reducing the cost rate. But the Māori rate and cost rate have been stressed during the company’s expansion, and future figures are expected to be 9: Cash flow of the mass media 2015q1-2018q2 (the indicator is: net operating cash flow/net return profit)
The macro-environment and the rapid expansion of operations, with a certain decline in corporate cash flows beginning in the second quarter of 2017, reflected in long-term accounts receivable and an increase in short-term development spending.3 Firms are fully expanding, focusing on expansion and changing competitive patterns.
During the second half of 2017, the company entered a period of full expansion of its operations, with the company opening up its growth space to second-line suburban areas and third-line cities, setting up overseas markets, holding hands on Internet giants and marketing digitally.
Since 2018, the company has made steady progress towards the medium-term goal of reaching 500 million cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million cities per day. On the one hand, the second-line cities still have high consumption potential, and on the other hand, the consumer capacity and willingness of the city’s residents have been rapidly increasing and the value of low-line city advertising has increased significantly.
At the same time, the cultivation of the second-line urban core has been accompanied by an active expansion to the second-line urban periphery and an acceleration in the sinking of the second-line cities, opening up new growth space for companies to be driven by strong and sustained growth. Companies are doing large-scale work while further consolidating their own leadership.
Zhang, as of now, has developed a certain advantage of scale, which, through its own positive expansion, will reduce new tides, expand space, and reduce its impact. 3.2. Benefit from Ali’s strategic entry into the market, elevator advertising has increased further.
In July 2018, Ali and his associates made a strategic contribution of about 15 billion yuan in the media, seeking together to explore innovative patterns of digital marketing in the context of new retail trends. Alibaba’s new retail infrastructure capacity and large data capabilities will be chemically responsive to the company’s extensive subline touch network, bringing new ones to users and businesses.
Ali’s collaboration with the company is expected to increase the accuracy of company advertising, thus further enhancing the effectiveness of the elevator advertising.
3.3. The firm’s expansion will further strengthen its flagship advantage at the expense of short-term profits, in line with its long-term development strategy. In 2018, the company became fully active, working towards the medium-term target of reaching 500 million city-owned, 5 million terminal and 500 million city-owned goods per day.
Inevitably, there will be a decline in rates, but at the expense of short-term profitability, the company’s share of the market at the end of the media will be increased, its long-term competitive advantage will be enhanced, and it will be consistent with its long-term development strategy. In the short term, corporate profits will continue to grow at a significant rate.
A significant improvement in Māori rates and cost rates, a pattern that is not normal and not sustainable over time. Even if the company’s profits fall below 20%, the division’s media still has a remarkable recovery in terms of certainty and stability.
Better rates and higher rates of cost and higher profit growth are still within reach. As a result of short-term market competitive shocks from competitors, such as the new tide media, we have adjusted the firm’s competitive advantage to further strengthen and stabilize its performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The new wave of media began to expand rapidly in 2017, reaching over 610,000 (approx.) elevators as of August 2018, and is already on the ground, despite the new wave of advertising, the quality of media outlets, the management of company operations, etc.
Far less than the mass media, but the new tide depends on rapid capital advances, or leads to a certain increase in intra-industry competition, thus affecting short-term profits. In 2018, the country was pushing for a consolidation of local tax taxes, which will be managed by the state in the future, or
In 2016, 2017, government subsidies were approximately $1 billion and $700 million, respectively, and future policy adjustments would have a significant impact on the company’s performance.
Companies are actively expanding to second-line peri-urban areas and accelerating sinking in third-line cities, but suburban and third-line city elevators are relatively low in value, and less rapid advertising is expected to constrain corporate profitability if the company ' s media expands at the same time.