Three-quarterly review in 2024: Aluminium oxide price increases boosted the Department's foreign performance.
▪ Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2024, with a significant increase in its performance. q3  Global bauxite supply remained tight in 2024, and the rise in the price of aluminium oxide contributed to the company’s high overseas performance: the global bauxite supply remained tight in the third quarter of 2024, including one in Henan and Hill in the country.
In the west, the recovery of mines has been slow due to environmental and safety concerns, and there are no additional mining projects in the domestic supply sector;2 owing to the effects of the Guinean rainy season, there has been a significant short-term decline in the arrival of bauxite from abroad. The supply of bauxite has been hampered by a decline in the rate of operation of aluminium oxides, both in and out of the country.
The average price of aluminium oxide was around $3,916 per ton, an increase of 37.49 per cent over the same period last year; the Aluminium Oxide Overseas Project, which benefited fully.
Further investment in the expansion of new 2 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity and the construction of a 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium project on the basis of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide, which we estimate will come into production in 2026, and the company will fully benefit from the abundance of Indonesian ore resources, as well as from local policy support for the development of aluminium resources.
The company's aluminum industry chain layout, which enhances the company's performance.  The company's successive cash dividends, which increase shareholder returns: 1) The company announces a three-quarter profit allocation plan, The South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219); 2024 semi-annual reports
Assessment: Aluminium Oxide Price Uplifting Company Performance. The annual cash distribution of profits is not less than 40% of the distributed profits realized in the same year.
• The company’s future business growth point: 1) the company continues to operate downstream high-end aluminium-processing products, raising the overall body-rich ratio. Autoboarding has a pre-emptive advantage, and we expect 200,000 tons of new industrial chains and high-end aluminium-processing operations to grow in second place in early 25th.
Increase capacity; airboard operations successfully entered the commercial supply system of c919, aluminium growth curve for aviation, high-end Māori products accounting for about 25% of the company ' s total aluminum product; 2) Indonesia has 2 million tons of aluminium oxide and 250,000 tons of new capacity for electrolytic aluminium production. We anticipate that the company ' s expansion project in Indonesia will take place.
In 2026, production will further improve the upstream resource layout of the company and enhance its performance.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we continue to appreciate the profitability of the company’s Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia, as well as the continued use of high-end aluminium processing, such as automobile boards and airboards, and we turn the company 2024-
Tens of thousands of tons of productive capacity are not as fast as expected; the United States dollar continues to be at high risk. The three major financial forecasting tables for the South Mountain aluminium industry, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.