South Mountain aluminium industry (600219.sh) Metal material group Aluminium oxide plate sizes up and up, overseas layout opening up incremental space
In the previous three quarters, the Indonesian aluminium oxide project showed a significant increase in its performance. 3024, 1. South Mountain Aluminium Company commented: Aluminium oxide plate performance increased significantly, overseas layouts averaged 3939 yuan per ton of aluminium oxide, ring + 7.5 per cent, company aluminium oxide product prices were significantly higher.
Upward, the 2 million-ton aluminium oxide project in Indonesia continues to deliver, and the aluminium product is needed overseas.
Long. Aluminium oxide production in Indonesia was fully released in the first half of the year, with a slight decline in the sales of 3q24 ring ratio, and 3. " South Mountain Aluminium Industry: Strengthening Shareholders ' Return, Showing Development Confidence " , with overall performance maintained at a high level.
The profits have increased significantly over the same period, with successive cash dividends sharing profit growth space with shareholders. The Department’s Aluminium Oxide Overseas project has advanced, generating significant profits growth, the previous three quarters of Māori Corporation’s successive cash dividends, and the sharing of profit growth space with shareholders.
To increase the value added of Indo-Nei bauxite, the company plans to expand further and complement the layout of the Indonesian aluminium industry, with an annual expansion of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide in the Indonesian Industrial Park and full capital.
The company has funded the construction of 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and 260,000 tons of carbon products per year at Bintan Industrial Park in Indonesia, extending the chain layout of the overseas aluminium industry to reduce product costs, improve risk resistance and enhance the profitability of the company.
Extending high-value-added downstream plates, consolidating the position of domestic automobile-boarding firms, building production prices have fallen sharply; aluminium oxide and car-board production have not released as much as expected; and production has risen significantly: currency exchange rate volatility risk.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.