Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) is turning three-fold, and the accelerated saasization is expected to contribute to a further improvement: now, friends are working through a business innovation platform.
Youonbip provides saas-modified public cloud service depths to tie up large clients, taking advantage of long-form saas corporate markets through yousuit; and using youubuilder to crack down on the foundations of the real paas to lower the technology threshold through non-code visualization of applications, to train tens of millions of developers, to develop user usage habits, and to build them.
With a friend developer's ecology, it provides companies with a growing number of ecological users. With the accelerated roll-out of the " Deeper Cloud Transformation - Friends Network Coverage Report " , its saas business is expected to grow at a high rate, taking into account the American stock saas.
The high end of the erp market is open, and the market space is about $50 billion: 53% of the country’s high end erp market, sap, oracle, is now a long-term trend.
Fluttershy producers are catching up, product performance gaps are closing, and we're counting the country as a whole on the advantages of home-grown, sex-priced, heavy-pound cloud products.
5g to assist industry in the development of the Internet industry, and the use of the Affordable Brains platform will fully benefit from the industry’s high profile: 10,000, the world’s top, at 68.25%. 5g’s high reliability and low delay characteristics will help.
The industrial Internet platform has been a landmark platform that the Ministry of Industry and Communications has been focusing on, and has now reached more than 10 industrial sub-platforms, such as metallurgical, chemical, solar and other platforms, and five regional self-platforms, such as Jiangxi, Hunan, Chongqing, etc.
With more than 467,000 registered users, and as the 5g drive the industrial Internet industry to accelerate, zhaiwei@qizq.com.cn’s policy on the uplinking of companies falls short of expectations: increased competition in the market: the epidemic affects downside risks in the economy.
I. Cloud operations: cloud life + saas + high valuation 1.1 cloud life: yonbip, yousuit took over the saas market, youbuilder locked up the solid Paas root and used the friendly saas product development path: nc to ncc to yonbip (large enterprise), u8 to u8
u8c to yonsuite (growth) yonbip: entirely based on new structures such as cloud login, microservices, centralization, digital separation, etc.
yombip is an integrated service platform for business innovation, organizational and managerial change, using a new generation of digital and intelligent technologies, supporting business innovation through the provision of technical services, public and key business applications and business services.
The new architecture, such as cloud survival, micro-services, centralization, digital separation, is built to include technology platforms, medium-level operations, data hubs, smart mediums Paas platform iuap, which brings together the market clouds, the purchase of clouds, the production of clouds, the supply chain clouds, the financial cloud, the financial cloud, the human cloud, the synergy.
Eight saas fields, for example, provide microservice communities for businesses. Paas+saas, for example, reduces the costs of deployment, application and operation of the company ' s IT, making business innovation simple, popular and social, allowing users on the platform to do business whenever they need it, whenever they want.
Of these, the technology platform serves as the base technology base for lonbip, for friends and platform eco-partners with Paas services, including the low-code development platform, the low-code development platform and the yolinker connection platform: the data center mainly provides master data management, data movement, graphic labels, offlines
Industry standard services such as map and smart analysis; brain of an enterprise with an intelligent median, based on big enterprise data, field models, algorithms, built by smart workshop development platforms, enabling business innovation: the middle of a business is fully supported by marketing clouds, purchasing clouds, making clouds, making them.
The eight core areas of supply chain cloud, financial cloud, financial cloud, human cloud and synergizing cloud are saas services, industry cloud services, and cloud service innovation by corporate service eco-partners
Figure 3: Overall yombip service structure, currently over 7,000 eco-partners, offering over 11,000 products and services, and offering to bring together 100,000 eco-partners, billion-class individuals to serve more than millions of people
Figure 4: With the friendly Yoonbip partner yonsuite: pure saasification products, yonsuite, based on the cloud-based structure, is yonbip ' s cloud service for growth-oriented enterprises.
Younsuite, made up of hundreds of micro-services, forms a scalable micro-service cluster with a high expansion and elasticity that provides new ways for enterprises in the accelerated development path to provide business with an integrated “marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, manpower, office, platform”
Cloud services. At present, friends with yonsuite have reached the saas maturityiv, with the characteristics of standardization, configuration, multi-user high performance, unlimited extension capabilities, etc., which are extremely easy for clients to use and enable companies to achieve scale effects.
In September 2020, Yosuitev version 202009 was released as a friend, with a new brand new feature for purchasing services, post-equipment services, application construction services, smart analysis services, etc. The new version of Yonsuite provides one-stop procurement services to support direct materials, indirect materials, etc.
Three major trading scenarios for engineering services; professional solutions for post-sale service management; application of construction services to integrate enterprise decentralized construction models organically through visualization, business component assembly; and smart data analysis services to provide self-help analysis and reporting capabilities
Power to support data modelling, analysis of cards, dashboards, free reporting, data mining, forecasting, early warning, message transmission, report subscriptions, tenant rights management, etc.
The low-code development platform is the technology base of the friendly business innovation platform ionbip, which can rapidly generate applications by providing non-code and low-code visual development capabilities. The low-code development platform can reduce the human cost of enterprise applications development on one hand, and the low-code development platform on the other.
This could significantly reduce the development time required for firms to reduce efficiency gains, reduce technological thresholds effectively, and improve product delivery efficiency. yombuilder provides enterprise-level enterprise-wide infrastructure to help users with “zero installation, low compilation”
to build applications for different scenarios and to provide guides and templates for a large number of applications to build enterprise applications quickly and easily. Supports both common operators without a development background and non-coded operators to visualize building applications, as well as low-coded and efficient professional developers.
Large-scale applications. As a “development platform for all” to break technical barriers, to support the rapid construction of multi-end applications without intergenerational codes, to enable businesses, individual developers, and operators without a developmental background to develop their own applications.
The advantage of yoonbuilder is that it is based on a cloud-based structure that provides low-code, visual, medium-stage development services. yonbuilder has core capabilities in visual construction, wide-end experience, flexible expansion, full life cycle, model-driven, cloud-based technologies, center-stage capacity building, etc.
Barriers to technology and applications provide users with a full process for the intellectual transformation of enterprises, a one-stop line R & D deployment. In this, the advantage over other low-code platforms is the cloud structure and its powerful global mid-level capability.
To integrate computing and provide high-quality cloud-based technology solutions, such as dockers, kubernetes, devops, micro-services, smart carriers, etc. At the same time, as a platform for public capacity build-up, low-codes can quickly operate in the areas of supply chains, finance, finance, manpower, etc.
Based on analysis of different types of developers and scenarios, yonbuilder rolls out standard services and specializations