q3 income growth has slowed, and financial indicators continue to be positive - zhangjy @dxzq.net.cn
Research assistant: Mu Q3 quarter, 2018, achieved operating income of $1,182 million, an increase of 19.17 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters of the year, the income increased by 30.65 per cent and the performance increased by 36.35 per cent, slightly below the market.
The two main reasons for the slowdown in performance were the disposal of a piece of thallium in the same period last year, in June 2016, of 20.954 million dollars in recognized investment earnings, the deduction of non-economic gains and losses, and a 29.34 per cent increase in corporate non-net profits of q3.
In the last three quarters, the company’s pharmaceutical industry is expected to grow by about 28%, the pharmaceutical industry is growing by about 7%, and the decline in the use of hepatitis drugs is the main reason for the slowdown in the industry’s growth rate.
Quantities (600436): q3 revenue growth has slowed and financial targets have continued to improve three cost rates: the first three quarters of a company's sales cost, management cost (including R & D) and financial cost rates of 8.33 per cent and 5.84 per cent, respectively, and the firm relies on strong product and brand power to show a scale effect on sales, while relying on strong management capacity to generate revenue
The rapid increase was accompanied by no excessive costs of selling new medicines and running them. Operating capacity: the company's net business cycle for the first three quarters was 205.81 days, 9.37 days less than the same period last year.
This was mainly due to an increase in inventory lead times, which showed a decrease in the efficiency of inventory turnover compared with q1,q2. Cash flow: at the end of the company ' s period, cash and equivalent balances amounted to $1,768 million, representing a net increase of $166 million, mainly due to an increase in cash received and a decrease in cash payments for debt servicing, as well as the recovery of the four land claims in Nam Qing County of $124.60.76 million and 70 acres of pre-commercial land
High growth and continued improvement in profitability are mainly the result of a high increase in the sale of a series of small-scale products. Natural and yellow prices rose by 48% in the first half of the year, resulting in higher costs of company raw materials, a decline in the Māori rate, and a strong reason for companies to raise prices for their products at a higher rate than in the first half of the year.
With the promise that 19 years of firm price increases will be strong, and that product increases will be expected to increase the company’s profitability further. Now that consumption is rising, especially in the field of medical health, as Chinese consumer goods, the collection of drugs, health products, consumer goods, and even the scarce resources of the collection will benefit significantly from it.
The economic environment has given rise to a huge growth space and momentum for companies. Terminal construction has continued to build bricks and tiles: since 2015, the company’s pavilion has yielded significant results, and the pavilion has become a multi-purpose complex of cultural communication, branding, product marketing, and end-use (non-pharmaceutical) experience.
With a mature construction model and a steady increase in profitability, more high-quality distributors and companies are expected to work together in the next two years to build new study houses. By 2020, the company is expected to build 200-250 study houses, creating a national high-end marketing network with wide coverage and well-defined focus areas.
The solar plate, which is an important wing of the company's “one nuclear two-wing” strategy, is still far from the pharmaceutical plate, but after many years of cultivation, the earnings and profits of cosmetics subsidiaries have gone into a virtuous period of growth, and the toothpaste industry, in cooperation with Shanghai's domesticization, has maintained a high rate of growth of over 55%. The solar plate is a business block of priority for the company, with 18H1 increasing sales, advertising and profit.
The marketing fee of $30,877,000 is $13,801,000 for cosmetics, $11,476,000 for Shanghai and $9,72.86 million for e-commerce, reflecting the importance that companies attach to solar panels. Market openings have been phased out, end-covering has improved, branding has continued, and Eastern financial and intellectual resources have flourished.
With the company's leadership looking for the right direction, sales such as the Quantico Expedition Hall, and a sustained improvement in marketing capacity, the Quantico series is expected to continue to increase in prices and quality of income and performance. An important wing of the One Nuclear Two-Wing strategy, solarization, cosmetics plates, is being strengthened, and branding is improving.
Based on the high degree of certainty that the company’s performance is growing rapidly, we maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Quasi: q3 income growth has slowed down, financial indicators have continued to improve, the source of financial prosperity in the East has grown.
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
Mu Xin I analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Q3 income growth has slowed down, and financial indicators have continued to improve.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.