The performance of the pharmaceutical industry has increased steadily and continues to keep an eye on the growth of the company, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Q3 sales have been slower and net profits more stable. At the income end, the company ' s operating income for the first three quarters of the year was about a faster increase in the plate than in the first half of the year; hepatopathic drugs, by drug, were about $1.42 billion, or about 32 per cent; the parent company earned about $1.47 billion, or about 28.5 per cent of the same increase, with a series of sales lists.
Quarterly growth has slowed. We have judged that companies are selling controlled items in the q3 series, q4 sales or restoring growth. At the profit end, companies have withheld non-net profits of about $900 million in the first three quarters of the year, increasing at an annual rate of about $80 million, a decline of about 7 per cent in the same year, or as a result of a change in the end-market strategy.
On a quarterly basis, operating income of 2018q3 and net profit deductions of about RMB 1,130 million, and the same rate of increase of about 19.3 per cent and 29.3 per cent, respectively; operating income of the q3 parent company, net profit of about RMB 440 million, increase of about RMB 200 million and continued to increase the reserve of raw materials; advance payments of approximately RMB 50 million, compared to H1,
The net operating cash flow was about 110 million, a decrease of about 84 per cent from the same year, owing to the apparent improvement in holding up-to-date deposits, business occupancy, and raw material purchases, and the fact that sales returns were still better. Rapid growth was evident, and companies continued to grow rapidly.
So far, models such as the Light Asset Experience Shop have led to a move from Fujian to China, China, North China, and the rest of the country, where the experience model and related policies will continue to be advanced.a
Quick-discharge sales will continue; b) strengthening the profit margin of the product terminal price management guarantee channel, and increasing support for the marketing of products such as the marketing of brand names by experiential shops and distributors; 2) scarcity strengthens the logic of price increases. There is now increased competition for natural musk demand and scarcity of raw materials across the country.
There is still a constant incentive and room for price increases in the circulation of a unit (billion shares). Since the price of raw materials, such as cow and yellow, has increased significantly, the overall rate of the use of the medication has declined by about 3.4 percentage points over the period, and we believe that the product price increases are against the backdrop of rising costs.
The period is still strong; 3) there are poor market expectations. We believe that the uniqueness, scarcity, and the special nature of the stage in which the company's products are developed deserve high valuation; the musk industry, despite its tight supply, is still divided within the industry, but its raw material production bottlenecks are weak for the company, owing in particular to the abundance of its raw material reserves.
The supply of mussels is expected to be stable and sustainable, as the number of mussels in the industry improves, the stock of musk bases has been set up, and the application for additional quotas has been approved. The product price increase logic, and as the company grows stronger in marketing, branding will lead to greater health.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.