On March 7, 2018, we conducted a study tour of the company and were briefed by the chairman of the board of directors and the heads of the company's key departments on the whole and the various sectors of the company.
The findings of the report on the future development planning outlook are shared below.Technology and technology are excellent assets of growth and profitability: in March 2018, the reconstitution of magnets and technology for use was officially completed, and technology for technology for use was successfully acquired by borrowing shells.
The original technology is a congener of electronics and energy research and development, and the main product includes the use of electronic devices for consumer use.
With the advantages of R & D and technology, the advantages of scale and excellence in quality management, technology has been accompanied by a global wave of smartphones, which has been established with well-known consumer electronic branding manufacturers at home and abroad.
A solid partnership. For 2014-2016, $3,493 million was collected in technology. Aaaaaluminium shares (000807), and aaaa_Engyun shares (600114)
Under the reorganisation programme, aaaa_the lithium industry (002460), aaaa_the aluminum industry (601677).
The technology generated 1,378 million yuan and realized a net profit of 259 million yuan after the parent deduction, taking into account the fact that the second half of the year was generally a good season for the consumption of electronics, with a high performance commitment of 1,147 million yuan in 2017, combined with the development of old and new businesses, and the creation of growth and growth.
There is room for synergy at many levels, such as product lines, client groups, and operations management, both of which provide the basis for the creation of a follow-on market and an overall increase in operational efficiency. First, at the product line level, because of the river.
After the completion of the group, the ingenious product lines include a variety of products such as consummate electrons, precision structures, tablet displays and iron-oxymagnetic materials.
The ability to provide one-stop shops for clients has been further enhanced, as has the competitiveness of the city. At the client community level, the main clients of Orient Color and Crystal Photovoltaic are the domestic mobile brands, while the original technology clients are dominated by the apple industry chain.
The complementarities of client groups provide a good opportunity for companies to expand their markets for a variety of products. At the operational management level, the original technology is subject to multi-year grindings in the fruit chain, at the manufacturing level, in production operations, and in business management.
The production and management of the subsidiaries under the flag are likely to be upgraded and modified by the relative leadership of the main listed companies, so that the production efficiency and profitability of the former operations of gyromagne is expected to increase significantly.
Cutting into the domestic market and smart end function innovation opens up a room for corporate growth: the winner is the core supplier of Apple's sophisticated functionality, and the product covers a variety of product classes, such as moisturization, pressurization, cnc and assembly, where the market is ranked in Apple's mutilation market.
First, and so the mutilation is a central advantage of the benefits. On the basis of a stable partnership with clients associated with the apple industry chain, the mutilation product is used as a breakout point, and it is well established into the supply chain of domestic brands such as vivo, oppo and China.
The business is currently in a fast-growing phase, and the space for follow-up is wide. Once the benefits are secured as a share of the market in the domestic modelling area, the domestic market for products such as corporate pressure, cnc, assembly, structure and display modules is expected to open.
From an overall development perspective, while the need to upgrade consumer electronics, such as mobile phones, leads to a steady increase in the volume of e-products, such as mobile phones, and provides the basis for increasing performance on the ground, and on the other hand, as smart terminals, such as mobile phones, overlap and upgrade, intelligence.
The increasing number of various functional modules of the terminal will effectively drive the demand for new materials and sophisticated functional devices (typically new and widely available technologies such as oled and wireless chargers) as leading firms with both technological and scale advantages in the industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: it is expected that the performance of the former river powder magnets operation will be better viewed for the period 2017-2019, with the first coverage and an “enhanced” rating of the internal synergies of the operations.
Risk factors: Consumption of electronic downstream demand less than expected: business integration less than expected