On 14 October 2021, the company issued a three-quarter advance notice of performance, which is expected to result in a net return in the first three quarters of 2021.
According to the Wind database, the price of aluminium oxide increased by about 52 per cent over the three quarters, the price of aluminium electrolytic by about 22 per cent, and in view of the difference between the price of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide, the amount of Maori in electrolytic aluminium remained high.
Some 42.83 million tons, approaching 45 million tons of red line. It is expected that, in carbon neutrality and trends, supply growth will be constrained, demand will be stable, and the high profitability of electrolytic aluminium will continue.
The unit, compared to the 300-deep trend, is the only region in the world with a complete aluminium processing industry chain with thermal power - aluminium oxide - aluminium electrolytic - casting - (aluminium materials/thumps - cold rolls - platinum/ exercise pressure) that can efficiently save energy and waste, reduce freight costs, produce through raw materials, energy, etc.
Aluminium peroxide project, with a large market for high-end aluminium, 1. Aluminium peroxide: 2 million tons of aluminium per Indonesian project, expected to be produced during the year, and local raw materials and labour costs in Indonesia.
2) High-end aluminium processing: the company currently produces 200,000 tons of board capacity, and in the first half of 2021, the volume of board sales has doubled. According to the announcement issued by the company on 14 July, it is proposed to build 200,000 tons of board capacity, with a combined capacity of 2023 tons.
In addition, the company has increased its sales of aluminium batteries by a factor of three in the first half of the year, with 16.8 million tons of the high end aluminium production line currently being built for battery production, and the company is actively promoting the project. This is 17.2 times higher than the Chinese aluminium industry in 2021.
Corporate valuation levels are historically low, considering the cost advantages of the company’s integrated layout and its future growth as high-end aluminium-processing products are released, and the company’s central valuation needs to be upgraded to maintain a “recommended” rating.
1. South Mountain Aluminium (600219)
Zhang Jian Jian, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Metallurgical Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Master of Arts, Central University of Finance and Economics, Civil Security Securities, 2020. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.