On October 29, 2021, the company issued a three-quarterly report on the increase in net profit returns that was faster than expected.
In January-September 2021, the company ' s gross operating income was 38.878 billion yuan, 28.5 per cent more than the previous year, and its net profit was $14.307 billion, or 26.9 per cent more than market expectations.
We attribute the company ' s 21q3 performance to net interest income, the high growth of other non-interest income and the decrease in tax revenue as the main drivers of performance growth. Of this, net interest income grew by 17.8 per cent over the year, mainly because of the company ' s adequate asset reserves, the scale maintained a high rate, and other non-interest income grew by 110.5 per cent over the year.
Mostly because of the lower base of return on investment last year, tax revenues fell by 53.7% on a year-on-year basis, mainly because companies increased their investment and tax-exempt income increased.
At the end of the spectrum, loans were disbursed in three quarters, with the company increasing its lending, mainly by increasing the investment of business loans by 22.7 per cent over the same period and by 2.7 per cent faster than in the second quarter, in response to regulatory demands for greater financial support from banks for MSMEs, and bill discounts.
In terms of financial investment, the firm has increased its financial investment, and in terms of surplus financial investment, in terms of the end-of-debt, absorption of deposits, higher corporate-to-public deposits and 21.1% higher corporate balances, indicating a firmer base vis-à-vis the public client base, and faster asset-end growth, public
The Division accelerated the issuance of bonds, with a 51.3 per cent increase in the balance over the year, and continued to improve the quality of corporate assets: the rate of non-performing corporate lending continued to decline, the marginal increase in the provision coverage and the quality of loan assets continued to improve.
1. The semi-annual review of Bank Ningpo: Roe maintains a high decline of 0.01 pct, which is at a low point over the years.
In-depth study by Ningbo Bank: Deepening the Big Zero and Keeping Intense to the High Growth of Future Corporate Revenues, Making Provisions or Relieving Profits.
In the light of the above, we have made an upward adjustment to the net profit growth rate of the company, which is expected to account for the company ' s 21q3 performance in 2021-2023, with net interest income, high growth in other non-interest income and reduced tax revenues as the main drivers of performance growth. The net interest income has increased by 17.8 per cent over the year, mainly because of public interest.
The Department ' s asset reserves were adequate, the scale maintained high, and other non-interest income increased by 110.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because last year the investment returns base was lower, tax revenues decreased by 53.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of increased corporate financial investment, tax-exempt income and, at the end of the asset, loan disbursements, and three quarters of increased corporate lending, mainly through increased corporate lending.
In terms of financial investment, firms have increased their financial investment by 24.6%, compared to 2nd quarter, which is expected to rise by 2.7 pct, in response to regulatory requirements for banks to increase their financial support to MSMEs.
In terms of absorption of deposits, companies have increased their share of public deposits on a year-to-year basis, and 21.1 per cent of the balance of corporate deposits has increased over the year, indicating a firmer base vis-à-vis public clients, while firms have accelerated their debt as a result of faster asset end growth 1.2 corporate asset quality continues to improve
Corporate non-performing lending rates have continued to decline, the marginality of the provision coverage has risen, and the quality of the loan assets has continued to improve. 21q3, at a high level in the last five years, the quality of the company’s assets has continued to improve.
On the basis of the above considerations, we have increased the net profit growth rate for public and private returns, which is expected to increase at the same rate as for companies in 2021-2023. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.