Ningbo Bank (002142): Three-quarterly editions of 2021: over-expected revenue growth: 38.878 billion yuan in operating income for the first three quarters of 2021, a 28.5 per cent increase;
The net profit of the mother was $14.307 billion, an increase of 26.9 per cent over the same period; total assets at the end of the period were 1.91 trillion yuan, an increase in performance compared to the beginning of the period: growth in income from middle-to-investment boosts and higher net profits than expected in the market. Income grew at 28.5 per cent in the previous three quarters, further accelerating at 25.2 per cent in the first half of the year.
The acceleration of income over and above market expectations, corresponding to the 34.8 per cent increase in income in the first quarter of the third quarter, resulted from the low investment return (including fair value) base of $505 million in the third quarter of last year, compared to $27.6 million, $30.8 million and $32.2 billion in the previous three quarters of this year, which accelerated expansion and boosted total revenue growth.
Long; the third quarter of net revenue from fees is bright, with the previous three quarters showing a 5.9% increase from the previous quarter, with a 0.68% decline in the first half of the year, and we expect wealth management to drive a rapid expansion of agent income. The previous three quarters saw a 26.9% increase in net profit from the previous quarter, as a result of a lower base in the third quarter of last year.
As income-end growth accelerates, companies do not narrow credit impairments like their banking counterparts, but expand credit impairments in the third quarter. The credit impairments accumulated in the previous three quarters increased by 44.2% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit gains are still high.
▪ Net interest differentials: The rate of return on interest-bearing assets drags down the net rate differential and is consistent with the market environment. The cumulative rate of growth in traditional interest-bearing net income fell to 17.8 per cent (21.9 per cent in the first half of the year).
The difference is 2.29%, compared to the lower 4bp in the middle, and we measure mainly the return on interest-bearing assets against the lower end of the spectrum: loan lending continues to thrive, pushing interest-producing assets to grow in size. The loan ring grew by 5.1% in the third quarter, with corporate loans and retail loans growing in size respectively.
The rapid expansion of corporate lending in an environment of weak real economic demand, with 5.2 per cent, 4.9 per cent, has also contributed to the growth in the size of the company ' s interest-bearing assets. Lending-led total assets are 17.3 per cent longer than at the beginning of the period and are expected to increase at a high rate throughout the year.
▪ Quality of assets: the best on the list and the full quality of assets both inside and outside the list. Mid-year evaluation: two wings of income, credit impairments, credit impairments accumulated in the last three quarters, $6,901 million in credit impairments, boosts
• Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank always keeps up with high growth and three-quarters returns again.
Supermarkets expect that the central highlight is that the middle-income + investment returns boosted, and we expect the wealth management plate to be bright in the third quarter, while lending is growing faster. The company’s follow-up shares are expected to be evaluated every year: one single tree! net interest.
Landing will also help boost valuations. We adjust the company’s 2021-2023 net return profit to a sharp drop in financing needs in areas such as private manufacturing.
Figure 3: Pressure on capital adequacy prior to completion of Ningpo Bank Portfolio Stock 2018, original data 2019 Figure 6: Credit impairments in the first three quarters of Ningpo Bank increased by 44.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis
Fig. 5: 2017/03 ~ 2021/09 Ningpo Bank cost revenue ratio remains high Figure 8: Ningpo Bank net rate of non-performing loans has always been excellent
Figure 10: Higher off-the-shelf credit impairment by Ningpo Bank in 2021 Figure 9: 2017/03 ~ 2021/09 Ningpo Bank provision coverage was significantly ahead
East Wu Securities Company Ltd. has portfolio investments with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board