Ningpo Bank: Ningpo Bank published its three-quarter report for 2021.
On July 19, it became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The company maintained strong growth with “knowing markets” and non-interest operations. The company recorded a 28.5% increase in revenue in the first three quarters.
The business strategy is to provide diversification for customers by maintaining a “door-to-door” dynamic growth.
(1) The increase in net interest income is due to the rapid expansion of size and the maintenance of a smooth net spread. By the end of September, the objective of the integration service was to create “corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business,
Compared to the year 2020. Maintenance of the balance of net interest spreads is mainly responsible for controlling the cost of liabilities (call deposits as a percentage of investment banks, asset trusts, asset management) nine major profits compared to the higher structural factors, lower interest rates on co-operative funds this year) and optimization of the asset structure (letters)
The Centre, which initially formed a diversified business growth model and structural factors that increased the ratio of loans to the ratio of loans to loans to loans, (2) non-interest income of $14.41 billion. The year-to-year increase was 52 per cent, mainly from the doubling of investment returns.
On the other hand, since this year, the Department has increased its credit card and agency outreach efforts, and there has been an increase in transaction costs. Thanks to faster growth in fees, net fees revenue has recovered in the last three quarters.
The implementation of large retail strategies has led to faster cost increases. At the end of the expenditure side, the cost income was higher than at 35.0 per cent, and the company ' s management expenditure increased by 28.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, slightly higher than the recovery.
Quick. According to the semi-annual report, the increase in costs is mainly due to staff costs. We judge that the company has increased its staffing capacity, guided by the grand retail strategy, the total equity/flowa unit (million shares).
In the previous three quarters, the company’s assets had been impaired by $10.16 billion, which had been increased, while lending ratios and provision coverage had been maintained at the same level of leadership.
The write-off disposal rate increased and the quality of assets continued to improve. There was an increase in write-off disposal in the three quarters. The rate of negative write-off generation increased by 1.0 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared with the same period. The negative rate and interest loan rates decreased by 1 bp to 0.78 per cent in the end of September, 0.38 per cent in the industry, and the quality of assets continued to be extremely low.
Deep-farming long triangles fully benefit from regional economic development. Ningpo Bank has developed a “one-wing” pattern based primarily on long triangles, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea, which now concentrates more than 90% of its operations on long triangles.
Institutional mechanisms are better and more market-oriented. The Ningpo Bank has a diverse equity structure, with an earlier equity structure based on checks and balances between state, foreign, and private companies.
A differentiated development strategy creates a comparative advantage. The differentiated development strategy of Ningpo Bank is well-positioned. S14851907002, it is true that the “big bank can't do it, small bank can't do it” strategy is appropriate and has been developed in various operations.
There is a strong base for micro-businesses, with the early establishment of a retail company profit centre, which is now a model of micro-business specialization. Micro-businesses are now well-established risk-control mechanisms and rich production.
In addition, the personal consumption lending business has achieved higher risk returns in the community, thanks to the company’s early and accurate targeting of customers. The wealth management transition has been strong, and the profitability of new growth points can be sustained.
The strategic transition is more robust, with a steady increase in the pool of talent associated with wealth management operations. There has been a rapid increase in fees for agency-type operations, with individual clients and wealth clients breaking through. At the end of June, Ningbo's personal client aum aum reached 6095 billion, which is an increase.
24.06 per cent; 7.07 million wealth-based households, an increase of 17.05 per cent over the same year; and 11.2 million private-sector clients, together with the source of financial prosperity in the East, will contribute to a new growth point for profit.
The stock-sharing program has been approved by the SEC, or is being advanced in the course of the year. We expect that the company’s size will continue to grow rapidly; the net difference will remain stable; there will be higher spending on company costs, driven by a large retail strategy; and there will be no reduction in the downscaling under the precautionary principle.
Ningbo Bank (002142): High performance, high growth and sustainability, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningpo Bank (002142): excellent performance, high growth sustainability
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.