2024: Proactive change took over the market, four-quarter growth over 60%, four-quarter growth accelerated, and earnings were under pressure. The company achieved a 10% bonus of 11.940 billion in 2024, while the company proposed to buy back shares for the implementation of its employee holding scheme and/or equity incentives.
Overseas channels are active, with regional revenues growing strongly. Companies further expand the price of overseas products, adjust marketing structures, increase the proportion of their own channels, and take ownership of product layout and marketing strategies;
Taking advantage of the established market size and branding advantages to further expand the support of the complementary policies of North America, Europe and Asia, revenue sales in q4 have erupted. With the introduction of the old policy in 2024, demand for cleaning appliances in retail sales has grown strongly.
In 2024, there was an increase of 41% to 19.4 billion, of which q4 is expected to grow at a rate of dozens. Companies perform better than industry with rich price layouts and active market strategies, and online sales data show that the country has grown by 46% over the same period.
q4’s combined retail sales in Kyoto, Skycat, and Vibration have increased by more than 100% over the same year. New products have grown significantly.
Positive pricing and placement strategies and tariffs affect profitability. The company’s 2024 Māori product price spreads and US tariff effects. Marketing/management/research and development/financial cost rates for the year, respectively.
Market strategy, intensification of domestic and foreign market expansion, and an increase in the cost rate during the period.
Unexpected sales of new products; significant fluctuations in exchange rates. Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) 2023 mid-point evaluation: technological excellence highlighted, investment proposal: downward profit forecast, maintenance of “better than the big market” rating
Stone Technology (688169.sh)-2022 & Quarterly Review 2023: A season of business pressure, new products waiting for industry to get back on track - a company that is the leader of the global clearing machine industry, with an accelerated expansion of domestic and foreign product matrices, channels, taking into account the United States.
The uncertainty associated with tariff additions and the proactive market strategy of the company to adjust the forecast of profits downwards, public figure 2: Corporate income and growth in a single season. Figure 4: Net profits and growth in a single-season company
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and growth rates, Figure 5: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates, Figure 6: Company single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 7: Corporate R & D rates
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject