Planning h shares for listing, helping enterprises to internationalize company announcements: planning to issue h shares and place them on the Hong Kong Exchange.
A+h listing helps businesses internationalize: 1) We expect companies to plan their shares not for financing, but for better international business development. China’s land-scanning champions are leading the global technology and developing both overseas and China’s markets.
The division has generally grown in the Chinese market before expanding overseas markets. (2) The current h-equity capital market is more focused on consumer shares. Compared to recent years, a-market interest in consumer companies has been low.
In addition, the successful listing of the United States-based group-h shares in the second half of 2024 has a good demonstration effect. 3) Foreign market markets help overseas investors to understand companies, facilitate future overseas capital operations, and provide equity incentives to overseas corporate executives. Historically, in Europe,
The company’s strategy of continuing to be a leader in size: 1) 2024q3 has been firm in implementing the scale leader, Lewis.
Slightly, some excess profit margins have been sacrificed, but the share of the market for ground sweepers and washing machines has risen rapidly. This has also led to a fall in profits in the quarter, raising investor concerns.) We think cleaning appliances are: liulisi_yj@chinastock.com.cn
A global monolithic track, with an increasing penetration rate. The current strategy of pursuing “small and beautiful” and excess profits, without a long-term market share ahead, will ultimately make it difficult to hold on to “small and beautiful” and excess profits.
First, and second, the difference between size and size would be achieved. 3) In 2024, the company’s global sales of land sweepers were the first, but the advantages were not obvious, and it would need to continue to expand in 2025. In 2025, the company’s market for land washing machines in China grew rapidly and its market share rose rapidly from month to month, reaching zero on the single-month line in April.
Our share of sales has risen to the second. We expect the current competitive strategy of land washing machines to expand their share, not for profit, and to expand to global markets.
Market concerns about the continuity of national subsidy policies in the second half of 2025, such as unsustainable or induced fluctuations in demand in retail markets. 2) Under America’s high-tariff policy, the internationalization of corporate supply chains has accelerated.
In the process, the market is concerned about the impact of the short-term on the profits of US business. 3) h stock listings will result in a ps share. 4) We expect that the above concerns in the market will be directed towards short-term profits in 2025; with the company ' s growing dominance in the production sector, the company ' s profits are expected to return to high growth in 2026.
Investment Recommendations: We maintain a profit forecast, and the company's net profit return for 2025-2027 is expected to be a period of rapid growth in profits, and we maintain a “recommended” rating of the company. Clean appliances: Policy pull demand release and a high level of landscape clean-up
(i) State subsidy for the benefit of the market for sales of clean appliances, according to the Ovi Clouds Network data, between January and April 2025 there were 7.09 million retail sales on our clean electrical line, i.e. 36.3 per cent of the year, zero sales on the line were monitored at $9.1 billion, i.e. 46.5 per cent of the year ' s growth, and industry sold higher heat under old and new policies.
The average retail/retail sales on the January-April line increase by 58.1%/67.0%, respectively, with a sharper speed.
Figure 5: Retail sales on and on the same line of the lunar sweeper robotics; Figure 6: Retail on the lunar line of the lunar sweep robots; Figure 7: Average monthly retail prices on the lunar line of the wiring machine
Figure 9: Retail sales on the landwasher ' s monthly line and the same rate of increase (ii) China ' s share of businesses is growing rapidly in the global market for land sweepers
idc data show that the global market for smart-and-scan robotics grew by 11.2 per cent in 2024 by a total of 20.6 million shipments a year, with a total of 5.39 million shipments, or 6.7 per cent, from China. Four quarters of them were stimulated by a “state supplement” policy, with 1.75 million shipments, compared to 16.0 per cent, 13.7 per cent, 13.5 per cent, 9.7 per cent and 8.0 per cent, respectively, of the global market share.
It is the first-largest and first-ever delivery of goods more than irobot. It has a high demand for smart household products in developed-country markets with a high demand for out-of-sea distribution, both on-line and under-line, with simultaneous growth in R & D sales. In 2024, the volume of global exports fell by 6.7 per cent, with a share of 2.6 per cent in products that have been hit by Chinese manufacturers in Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and the market space has been squeezed. Its localization of emerging markets is weak.
The product lines are relatively single, and may be a constraint to long-term growth. The post-share differential is divided by the global volume - China ' s method of delivery, which, according to the Sensortower data, is fast to track, stone, and coves ' app downloads from overseas.
Rapid growth and slow growth in the number of downloads of sharkninja indicate a rapid increase in the market share of China's land sweeper brand abroad. _ In the long run, the “recommended” rating of companies is maintained.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.