The results of the reform of the channels show a marked improvement in the core indicators Events: Xinhua Insurance published its semi-annual report in 2023 and the company realized its original premium revenue in the first half of 2023. Xinhua Insurance (601336)
Business size has improved steadily, and the value of new business has increased consistently. 1h23 has been able to develop its business structure on a continuous basis. 1h23 has been able to optimize its business structure by making the first annual premium on long-term insurance, which accounts for 51.6% of the first annual premium on long-term insurance, an increase of 10.1 pct over the same period the previous year.
The first year of long-term insurance accounts for 97.3 per cent of the first year of total long-term insurance, a significant improvement over the same period in the previous year in the quality of one of the insurance channels and a rapid increase in the capacity of the silver insurance system. 1) 1 channel of insurance: 1h23 insurance premiums equal to 0.5 per cent, but the first year of long-term insurance premiums equal to +6.6 per cent, with the size of a insurance agent
171,000 people, a monthly average of 3.4 million people; 18.6 per cent, a monthly average of 18.6 per cent, same as Piti, with a marked improvement in the quality of the risk channel as companies accelerate the implementation of long-term business transformations with guaranteed products at their core and a team transformation centred on merit-building.
The company has continued to deepen its operations, to transform its business over time, to deepen its cooperation channels, and to promote the overall positive growth of the main channels of cooperation, as well as an overall increase in the capacity of the workforce and the network.
Actively seize phased and structural opportunities, total investment assets are steadily rising. 1h23 companies have annual netized investment returns of 3.4 per cent and 3.7 per cent, respectively, compared to the same ratio of total annual investment returns of 3.7 per cent - investment proposals: socio-economic activities have resumed since the beginning of the year and corporate channels reforms have been effective.
\triangleright Now, core indicators, such as new business value performance, have improved significantly, and human platitudes and debt end product restructuring have achieved phased results. We believe that as companies are determined to move forward with channel reform and production
In the context of a steady growth-module policy, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
We believe that both corporate assets and liabilities are expected to improve.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Risk factors: agent builders are not as fast as expected; structural transformation is not as effective as expected; \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 1: Gross premium income and rate of increase
Figure 4: A venture marketing worker (thousands of people) and a fast-growing international finance profession, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Enterprise, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, who was employed in the Sino-China Investment Portfolio, and the Hakusha Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
In 2022, he joined the Sunda securities for research in the small and medium-market sector, and in 2019, he was a “new analyst in the Sino-Girl sector.” P. M.A., Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong; Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years of non-banking financial research experience, formerly.
Served as a Tianfeng securities firm, joined the Sunda securities firm in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijian, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, June 2022 Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the non-bank financial sector.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, and Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, are enrolled in a pilot course in financial science and studies in leasing, private collection, banking and securities. He has worked in finance, household electricity, and colored trades. He worked in Chinese banks, civil securities, and natural wind securities.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.