The last river is under construction, with scarce large hydropower at the end of the 14th Five-Five.
Rapping: outperform jiewu is the main player in the integrated development of water and wind in the last river basin.
With a 50.4% share in the fleet, it is responsible for the development of dry water and new energy resources in the last river, and the ladder hydroelectric complexes, with the coves and yifanfu crossing at their core, have the strongest medium- and long-term adjustment capabilities in the southern region.
The company announced in October 24 that 49 per cent of the proposed shares would be working with China to build a new energy pool project for a coal power plant in Yunnan (2 x 1 million kilowatts) and a new energy pool, which is expected to increase further.
As of 24q3, the company accumulated 85.2 billion degrees of online electricity, or 3.8 per cent, mainly due to improved water availability. According to Xinhua Network, as of October 17, Yunnan Province ' s hydropower capacity reached 320.6 billion, or +3.8 billion, which is a strong guarantee for the supply of electricity this winter and tomorrow spring.
The competitive advantage of clean and flexible large hydropower under market-based mechanisms is evident. The company's 2023/24q1-3 captures electricity on the Internet at a price of 0.221/0.228 yuan, or yoy4/3 per cent. Yunnan is one of the provinces with the highest share of electricity in the market (69 per cent in 2023): side-to-side reforms, off-the-shelf prices in the southern region.
The company’s annual electricity sales in 2025 designed two packages of hydropower + new energy and hydropower, and provided customers with services such as monthly strategizing, current stubble, etc. We believe that the company’s power source type is complete, electricity is well structured, timed curves are excellent, and the ability to regulate is strong will assist the company to compete in the market.
In September of 23rd year, the company bought Sichuan Power Company, including 2.65,000 kilowatts of installed power plants, and built a hard beam plant (1.12 million).
In June of 24th year, production began gradually, with an average of 6.23 billion degrees of electricity generated over the years, with a net yield of 10,000 kilowatts of photovoltaic + 10 million kilowatts of hydropower. In accordance with the Renewable Energy Green Electricity Certificate Regulation for the Licensing and Trading of Renewable Energy, a fully marketed conventional hydroelectric project was launched on 1 January 2023.
Electricity, issuing tradable green certificates; we believe that the company ' s new hydropower is expected to gain green certificates.