Increased rates of cost are making a profit, and the innovation transition is under way - 2024 and the one-quarter review in 2025
In 2024, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry experienced a steady and high cost short-term tax on profits. In 2024, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry experienced an increase in revenue levels, mainly due to increased sales of long-acting products and new products.
Song Liqiang, with a new R & D investment of 2,690 million yuan, an increase of 11.20 per cent, representing 19.97 per cent of operating income; of this amount R & D costs 2,167 million yuan, an increase of 25.75 per cent, mainly from the subsidiary Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.
The cost of sales is $4,439 million, representing an increase of 11.81 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increased introduction of and compliance with the sales workforce, and to the accelerated promotion of the marketing of core varieties and new products. The management cost is $1,202 million, representing an increase of 25.59 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the new fabric in the gold racing pharmaceutical industry.
Adjustments to the management structure and the establishment of subsidiaries have resulted in changes in accounting treatment, resulting in an increase in management costs. In the short term, the development and marketing of the gold-track pharmaceutical industry products has put pressure on the profit end.
With growth hormones as the cornerstone, the gold market extends to the field of women’s and children’s health, pushing for ovarian hormones, water injections of water soluble yellow ketone under the skin.
New products, such as liquids, mechanic acetic abdominal acetone, for the carcinogenic anorexic syndrome, are on the market, and the company's product lines are expanding. Long-acting growth hormone injections are increasing sga adaptations, pre-nda, adult growth hormones are not clinically available in the ii phase, and smigrupus is associated with smigrosis.
Injecting Vulcine Bail resistance, injection of acetic trarillin, and bright pryrin in emulsions are in the application stage. In 2024, 100 grams of biology, high-renovation property performance declined, and the Chinese medicine industry grew.
A total of 1,229 million yuan was realized, a 32.64 per cent decrease in the same year; a net profit of 232 million yuan was a 53.67 per cent decrease in the same year. The decline in the harvest was mainly due to a decrease in the sale of live vaccines for herpes reduction. 2) A subsidiary, Hua, achieved an income of 762 million yuan, an increase of 8.48 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 52 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
1. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company review _ Changchun Quixin (000661): Transformation upgrades lead to profit-taking and high short-term cost inputs Investment proposals: companies steadily advance the marketing management of their core paediatric operations while strengthening products such as ovarian hormones
2. [Galaxy’s] company review _ Changchun Quixin (000661); marketing promotion is at a critical stage in the transformation of innovation research and development, with several products expected to continue with steady growth in the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry.
In order to achieve marketing, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of $30, 3.3,3.7 billion in 2025-2027, respectively, the risk of failure and the risk of unexploitation abroad; I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.