The difference is stable, the quality is improving, and the "new finance" is on the bright side for the first time on March 31, 2022.
On 29 March, the construction bank issued its annual report for 2021, with operating income equal to + 9.0%, and the year-round performance remained high. According to the split, the net interest income was stable in 2021, which was +5.1%, an increase of 0.2 pct over 21q3, with net fee revenue rising at a “lower and lower” rate, and other non-interest collections.
In terms of performance, the profit splits of the same year +48.9 per cent show a significant increase in the resilience of the provision to profit, in addition to the expansion of size and other non-interest-bearing income, mainly the credit impairment loss margin of 13.2 per cent, indicating a positive trend in the quality of the company ' s assets.
The three strategies continue to guide the housing rental loan balance in 2021 \triangleright.
The same as +60 per cent, as one of the key players in property credit, the company is expected to fully enjoy the new growth space brought about by the policy dividend; continue to build a digital inclusive financial model, with inclusive financial lending equal to +31.6 per cent; and launch a strategic plan for financial science and technology (2021-2025) to enable new financial development of high quality.
Lines outline high-quality development blueprints, corporate loans for strategic and emerging industries are equal to +50%, well above loan parity, and net interest differentials are stable. The asset structure improved, net interest differentials stopped falling. In 2021, corporate asset expansion returned to loans, loan balances increased to +11.3%, and Mr. interest-bearing asset 2.9pc contributed.
There has been a continuous downward trend since the beginning of the year. \triangleright has returned to pre-epidemiological levels, with a sharp drop in the non-performing ratio of public loans to 24bp, which is the quality of corporate assets.
Improved core strength, and increased asset security margins by driving the provision coverage ring +11.4 pct. In terms of adverse ahead-of-the-curve indicators, the ratio of concerned and overdue categories of assets decreased by 26bp and 15bp, indicating substantial improvements in asset quality and a clearer trend towards good results.
Investment recommendations: good performance, steady net differentials, high performance with improved asset quality \triangleright, high-quality development with new financial support, steady net spreads and significant improvements in asset quality.
The price corresponds to 0.6 times 22 years pb, which is below the comparable corporate average and is covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright 1 maintained a high performance throughout the year
In 2021, corporate revenue increased by 9.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by 0.2 per cent compared to 21q3 rings; net profit return (hereinafter referred to as “profits”) increased by 11.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net interest income stabilized the base plate, with net fee income rising at a “higher and lower” rate.
In 2021, the net interest income of the company increased by 5.1% on a year-on-year basis, the Ring +0.2pt, the Ring +0.2pt, the Ring +0.2pt, fell at a quarterly rate, mainly owing to the e-banking and bank card operations, but revenue from finance, surrogates and hosting operations rose well. Other non-interest operations grew by 48.9% on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 4: Construction Bank ' s medium-term business income structure for the last three years (millions of dollars)
Enhancements. Corporate credit impairment losses decreased by 13.2 per cent in the same year in 2021, mainly due to the impact of the reduction in loan lines, indicating a positive trend in the quality of the company ' s assets.2 New financial support for high-quality development
In terms of housing rental, by the end of 2021, the integrated housing rental service platform covered 96% of the country's administrative districts and above, with a 60% increase in the balance of housing rental loans.
One of the key players in broad-based credit is building a new growth space for early engagement and deep-drawing in this area, promising full access to the policy dividend. With regard to inclusive finance, companies have continued to develop a digital inclusive financial model, with 31.6% growth in financial lending in 2021, and with regard to financial science and technology, the company issued a financial science and technology strategy in 2021.
The Second Development Curve outlines a high-quality development blueprint. In 2021, corporate loans for strategic and emerging industries increased by more than $300 billion, a 50 per cent increase over the previous year, well above the growth rate in traditional capital lending; they were directed to “special and innovative” enterprises, carrying the “Employer Bay” platform, providing more than $30 billion in credit support to more than 9,000 enterprises.
In terms of management of major wealth, the private sector aum is above $2 trillion, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, a decline of 6 pct, which is equal to 21h1, and has stopped a continuous downward trend since 19 years. The expansion of assets has returned to lending at a rate of 11.3 per cent per annum, a 0.1 pct increase over the 21h1 ring, leading by 0.1 pct.
Interest-bearing asset 2.9 pct, which contributes to a stable rate of return on interest-bearing assets, shows an increase of 4 bp, compared to the 21h1 ring line of 1 bp. Deposits lead by 1.7 pcc of the total liability at the same rate of increase, while the personal deposit ratio has also increased slightly, but the decline in the current rate is expected to be the main reason for the small increase in the cost of the liabilities.
The quality of the assets has improved significantly, and the rate of non-performing loans has declined significantly, leading to a significant increase in the provision coverage. By the end of 2021, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was 1.41 per cent, a decline of 14bp from the previous year, a decline of 10bp from the ring, and the quality of the assets was further strengthened and returned.
The pre-epidemiological level, which led to a 26.3 pct-239.5% increase in the coverage of the provision, further increases the security margin of the asset, and a significant decline in the public business deficit, with the asset quality expected to remain positive. By the end of 2021, the public sector ' s default rate on public loans was 2.09%, a significant decrease of 24bp compared to 21H1, with 16bp below the 21H1 ring.
Shipping, manufacturing, etc. are prominent, making public business a central driving force for improving the quality of corporate assets. In terms of poor ahead-of-the-curve indicators, the ratio of concerned and overdue asset classes has fallen by 26bp, 15bp, which indicates a qualitative improvement in asset quality and a clearer trend towards better asset quality.
5.1 The profitability projection assumes a high level of split with business performance, a high quality of new financial support, a steady net difference and a significant change in the quality of assets The collection rate is 0.6 times 22 years pb, below the comparable corporate average, and is covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
1. The macroeconomic situation is down: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure, the demand for credit from the population and enterprises is weak and the expansion of the sector slows down. 2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: it is affected by changes in economic development, changes in client demand, etc., and the strategic transition is taking place
3) Capital replenishment is under pressure: there is a higher requirement for capital adequacy in the system ' s key banking classifications, changes in the recognition of bank capital supplementation investments in the market or an increase in capital supplementation pressures.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.