Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) has a steady loss loop, operating cash flow continues to flow, and the exit ring is flat and the overseas share is maintained at a higher level.
Component output, 51.96gw (including self-use 139mw), where components ' overseas output is proportional to the ratio 1. Crystal Australass Technology: significant losses and narrow losses, equity incentives, 49.78 per cent, high level; company q3 battery assembly, 18.2gw, ring ratio
The three-quarters price up the chain of industry has risen significantly, but the battery assembly chain has not been fully priced, according to the Silicon Industry Branch and the Infolink.
3. " Crystal Australasia Technology " : Production capacity climb effects eliminated, profits increased by 56/50/36/2 per cent for polysilica/silicon/cell/assemblies in large-scale q3 countries, respectively, with battery-assembly components operating under pressure.
Steady, q3 achieves Māori sales - 0.88%, ring regress of 0.1 pct, measuring components Business cash flows continue to be positive, cash in hand is sufficient, h shares are launched to improve overall competitiveness.
Net cash inflows in gold, q3 net cash inflows into operating activities in the context of losses of $187 million. The balance of corporate currency funds at the end of the reporting period was $24.2 billion, with sufficient cash in hand to support the cycle.
The company’s capital strength and combined competitiveness are expected to increase. Equity incentives are expected to show confidence in the loss, and the “reverse inner volume” is expected to drive the process of industrial chain restoration.
Reverse. The company’s equity incentive scheme in 2025 requires a net profit since 2025, and it is expected that, with downstream price transfer, the industry chain landscape will be repaired, leading to a sustained improvement in the profitability of the company’s battery assembly.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Performance impairments are more adequate, profits are expected to improve gradually, with cash in hand becoming more resilient to risk, and windy “backrolls” driven by equity incentives that show confidence in loss and maintain confidence.
The international trade environment has deteriorated, demand has fallen short of expectations and industry competition has intensified.