For the first time, the country's chemical pioneers covered 30 billion yuan of chemical light markets under a long foreign monopoly.
According to Deloitte, in 2022, the chemical light market in the country exceeded 30 billion yuan yuan, and, with the slow start of the domestic market, the domestic market was largely dominated by a pattern of import monopolies: the foreign-financed vd enterprises of Roth, Yape, Beckman, Siemens and others accounted for more than 70 per cent of the market rules.
For nearly 30 years since its establishment, the deep-dry chemical luminous market has, in our view, now been able to catch up with external brands in terms of instrument performance, speed of detection, accuracy, reagent abundance, etc., and to develop chemical luminous hypervelocity machines, all in line with the needs of the domestic market.
Core series of products, such as autobiochemical analysers and smart waterlines. Corporate prices compared to the 300-deep trend. Domestic lead in instrument performance and reagent types.
The company is expected to break out of the foreign monopoly through its own and external advantages: 1) instruments: the company's high-speed machines x 6, hypervelocity machines x 8 and full-automatic biochemistry c8 performances are at a leading industry level, and the latest self-research smart stream satlarst8 has been significantly reduced.
Tat, optimizes the testing process and integrates all five major areas of luminous, biochemical, molecular, electrolytic, condensed blood. 2) Reagent end: wide coverage and variety. To date, 181 chemical luminous certificates (total 257) have been issued in the company ' s country covering oncology markers,
Test fields for thyroid, infectious diseases, STDs, myocardial signs, inflammation surveillance, osteoporosis, etc.) Increase in the proportion of new large-scale machines, increase in the coverage of tri-a hospital, resulting in reagent retention: 24h1 company 796 new installed machines in the country, large-scale aircraft in Bida
In 2023, the Inter-Provincial Alliance of Angé gathered for communicable diseases, sugar metabolites, sex hormones, hcg, beta-hcg, and the company achieved a total selection, the only 5a factory in the country. With this gathering and the regularization of future priority species, we believe that the public is the only one to be selected.
The market share of the Department’s future core projects, tumor markers, thyroid, etc., will gradually replace the previous share of foreign capital, and the city’s share will rise further.
For more than a decade, the company's overseas market, where both the overseas equipment holdings and the additional loaders exceed the country's borders, is the lead sheep for chemical luminous ivd. The company's overseas operations cover 155 countries and regions, selling 10 chemical luminous immunology analysers and 202 ancillary reagents to the world.
The company has now set up 10 wholly-owned subsidiaries abroad to speed up localization operations and promote the rapid growth of key regional operations. In 2023, the company's overseas operations received more than 1 billion yuan in volume, with 24h1 adding 2,281 new chemical luminous devices.
The sales of large-scale luminous instruments have increased to 64.80%. We believe that the company's overseas operations have higher growth potential and that the company is expected to expand its snibe branding and build through localization and agent restructuring to achieve sustained growth beyond domestic growth in the medium to long term.
• Investment recommendations: full benefits from luminous harvesting and accelerated national production replacement process within the “End Up” rating; continuous break-through of overseas aircraft into the reagent harvest period. First coverage, “End Up” rating.
Newer engines are less than expected, less expanded overseas, increased risk of competition in the market, etc.
Corporate development: Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co. Ltd. was established in 1995 as a national high-technology enterprise specializing in the development, production, marketing and servicing of in vitro diagnostic products. Since its inception, the company has focused on research in the field of chemical luminology analysis and has developed over the years to include immuno-diagnoses, life, etc.
The four types of chemical diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, and coagulation tests occupy four of the six main segments of the market for in vitro diagnostic products (hereinafter referred to as “ivd”). The corporate equity structure is fragmented and the core executives have a professional background.
The International Control Corporation initially held 3.18% of shares and indirectly held 26.88% of shares through the Tibet New Industries Investment Management Corporation Ltd., which controlled 30.06% of the shares of the company. The chairman and general manager held 13.77% of the shares, and their concerted actions were co-efficient, Hu Yi and Xu Ding Hong.
Mr. Xiao Wei is the president of the company, who also holds the post of Director General, and is a doctor of engineering. Mr. Xi's innovative use of nanomagnetic microballs, abei luminators, based on his academic research experience.
In addition, the company’s executives have been stable, most of whom have been in the company for more than 10 years. Men, born in 1986, were of Chinese nationality and without permanent residence abroad, graduated in 2012 from Jiangxi Shifu University, biochemistry, master’s degree.
Post-graduate education, Senior Engineer in Biotechnology, High-level talent in Shenzhen City Camp. Assistant Director General, Jinyun Jianjie, New Industries Engineering Unit, Shenzhen City, in charge of marketing in the Central and Southern Provinces of the country. Joined the company in November 2011 as a reagent researcher in the Reagent Research and Development Department.
Programmer, four managers of reagent production, two managers of reagent production, one manager of reagent development, one director of reagent development, and one director of reagent research and development. 1.2 In-house extension, business success, business income rises year by year, and net profits increase at a sharper rate. Corporate operating income recovers annually between 2018 and 2023.
The combined rate of increase is 23%, with operating income of h1 in 2024 at $2.211 billion (a 18.54% increase over the same period). The net profit of the parent is maintained, the ratio of instrument revenue is increased, and the company’s main business can be divided into reagents, instruments, depending on the type.
Synchronized revenues from chemical luminous instruments and reagents have benefited mainly from the rapid deployment of the X6 and X8 series of instruments and the growth of reagents. Companies have continued to raise the global profile of brands, continuing to increase localization in priority countries, and companies have established a new Indonesian overseas subsidiary, 24h1, which has been established to date in 10 priority countries overseas.
As companies establish subsidiaries in Russia, Brazil, etc., overseas operations are expected to accelerate further. Overseas revenues in 2023 amounted to $1,322 million, a 29.11% increase in the same year-on-year increase, which is higher than the overall increase in overseas operations, with a positive growth trend.
Chart 7 Company regional operating income (millions of yuan) Chart 6 Company segment operating income (billions)
(b) Based on company data for the semi-annual year 2024, the sales rates/R & D rates/management rates/financial rates are, respectively, the company's continuous incremental R & D inputs, and in recent years the company's reagents have been enriched with blood, biochemicals, molecules, etc.
For more than a decade in the field of chemical luminous farming, the instrumentation speed and performance are in the industry. Company equipment at the end, full product tubes, chemical luminous immune analysis system, maglumix8, has a strong performance: (1) having the detection performance and detection position of the first global team; (2) failure rate close to zero, 100,000 tests without alarm.
1 million tests for only one lead line; (3) stability, cv values can be around 2.5 per cent (mostly imported biossaysc8 full automatic biochemical analyser and full automated sample processing system release of top-level biochemical immunizations worldwide 4 analytical modules
All automatic sample locations, systems, sample processing systems.
(Biochemical, immune from the pre-Japanese treatment system)
Chemical luminous reagents for chemosynthetic reagents
Biological and chemical reagents Nuclear acid extraction reagents
The new extraction of icns has 180 + reagent registrations and the project is also relevant, efficient, fast,
At the time of the expansion of the market in 2.ivd, the advantages of the company’s light were apparent, and the Chinese in vitro diagnosis (ivd) market was more than 100 billion yuan in 2023.
In vitro diagnosis is the basis for medical decision-making in clinical medicine, treatment and prevention, and the results now affect clinical decision-making by more than 70%, which is the scientific basis for clinical decisions on follow-up treatment programmes.
According to China's Health Facility Blue Book (2024th edition), in 2023 the market for in vitro diagnostics reached 11,85 billion yuan, with a combined growth rate of about 14.43% in 2018-2023. The immunization diagnostic market is the largest single plate in the vd market. The in vitro diagnosis market can be broken down into six main sub-sets.
Blocks: immuno-diagnostic, biochemical, molecular, blood-diagnostic, spot and microbiological diagnosis. According to the data from the Chinese Medical Facility Blue Book (2024 edition), immuno-diagnosis accounted for 42.45% of the Chinese in vitro diagnosis market in 2023 and was the largest subset in the whole field of in vitro diagnosis.
Immunological diagnostics are mainly used to provide disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment monitoring, prognosis.
Diagnosis information for detection, health assessment, and genetic disease predictions. As modern clinical medicine develops rapidly, the population’s level of health care continues to increase, the market share of immunization diagnostics is growing rapidly, at a faster rate than the overall rate of growth in the in vitro diagnostics sector, and its market share is rising gradually.
2.1.1 Chemical luminous market positioning: The dominant market for immuno-diagnostics has developed rapidly in China with 15.40% cagr in the last five years, with a market size of about 52.4 billion in 2022. In terms of income structure, emergency services or small and medium-sized hospitals are defined as “low flux markets” (usually using glue gold, etc.).
For example, in 2021, chemical light accounted for 88 per cent of the market in high-middle flux, and in 2022 it was about 40.1 billion yuan in China.
High-middle flux markets occupy the majority of the share, while in the high-middle flux markets, chemistry accounted for more than 84% of light in 2018-2022, and there is still a trend towards expansion. Deloitte and Touche predicted that the size of China ' s market was about 40.1 billion yuan in 2022, compared to 21.7% in 2018-2022.
In 2021, according to Deloitte, China’s chemical lighting market was still dominated by several overseas giants (Rorrow, Yape, etc.), with Méri’s medical care accounting for only 7.3% of the country’s producers, Anto biology for only 6%, and the total share of the country’s producers for less than 30%.
The process of replacing imports by national production will accelerate as domestic procurement policies continue to be pursued and settled. Figure 162021 China’s chemical lighting competition patterns. Figure 172021 Comparison of sales by domestic and foreign manufacturers in China’s chemical lighting market.
2.1.2 Comparison of chemical luminous technologies: The company uses a wide field of chemical luminous applications and is the largest market for immuno-diagnostics. The rationale for chemical luminous responses is to use antigens between antibodies to determine the concentration of disease markers in the body, so as to determine the diagnosis of the physical state of the human body.
The principle is that chemical light can be divided into direct light, indirect light, and electrochemical light.
An enzyme-induced chemical photoimmunological analysis is an immuno-reaction with an enzyme-marked antigen or antibody, the enzyme re-activation of the immuno-reaction compound is performed on the photoreseractant, and is photometrically measured using a signal reagent. Electrochemical radiation: between electrostats or currents are applied on electrodes and between electrostatic chemical reaction products.
The process is electrochemical. Depending on the markers, the various types of light can be further divided. In this case, direct light can be divided between aluminos and esters (ae), and indirect light can be splitting.
To address the technical problems of low lightness, sensitivity and detection limits, high markings, low antibodies or antigen activity after marking, and poor stability of existing pheromino derivatives.
On the subject, the technology research and development team has developed a self-initiated, enhanced, hemino derivative through technological innovation in the molecular structure of the alumino derivative. All of the company ' s chemical photo-testing agents are now fully applied to the patented technology, resulting in significant technological results and economic benefits.
2.1.3 Comparison of chemical luminous methods: Direct luminousness is a trade-off between technical barriers and the cost of raw materials Companies take direct luminous action, with higher thresholds and lower costs of raw materials. Importers such as Rhodes, Yape, Siemens, etc., are using enzyme-driven chemical luminous methods early in the year, and then gradually opt for direct chemical luminous or electrical energy.
In 2023, 53% of the country's more than 300 luminous enterprises adopted enzyme-promoting techniques, 32% adopted direct chemical luminous methods, 3% adopted direct + enzyme-promoting, and fewer businesses, according to a sample of reagents.
We believe that direct lighting by companies reflects both chemical-induced technical barriers to light and can effectively reduce the cost of raw materials. 2.2 Biochemical diagnostics: high-end instruments remain a national production gap.
Biochemical diagnostics are often used in basic screening projects such as liver function, kidney function, blood sugar, and blood resin. Biochemical diagnostics are used to determine whether the human body is healthy (or active) and to analyse the causes of the disease.
In 2023, China ' s biochemical diagnostic market was about 27.6 billion yuan, with a national production rate of more than 60%. Technical barriers to biochemical diagnostic reagents are lower than in the other sub-areas of ivd. Currently, biochemical diagnostic reagents are almost nationalized.
Most products have been replaced by imports, and more than 60% of domestic reagents have been replaced. The data show that the size of China’s biochemistry industry market was approximately 27.6 billion yuan in 2023.
The content, accuracy, density, flexibility and efficiency of the work have become one of the most essential equipment in modern clinical labs, with an increasingly heavy burden of testing. The National Generating Analyzer is largely low-speed, competitive, and the main sales client is still at a level II hospital, and it is difficult to shake the long-term occupation of the Import Biochemistry.
Large-scale level-II and level-III hospitals, in particular most level-III hospitals, have very high levels of detection requirements for the performance of biochemical analysers. Reagent end: Nationally manufactured. Biochemical diagnostic reagents are one of the main categories of diagnostic reagents, covering the population.
In 2017-2023, the market for biochemical diagnostic reagents grew year by year, with a rising share of domestic production. Domestic reagent manufacturers basically achieved national production of biochemical reagents, largely breaking import monopolies.
Chart 22, Biochemical Analyst Biossaysc8 and the Bioimmunisation Instrument Cluster, which are strategically deployed in the biochemical field, with emphasis on bio-free integration and integration into the current water line map. The company has been in the biochemical field for 13 years, patiently upgrading the technology and quality of its products, continuously optimizing costs, and has acquired initial knowledge of high-end biochemicals.
Heart technology. According to the company, the company has at least 10 years of future layout in the biochemical field. The company's full-automatic biochemistry biossaysc8 is on the market, with 3,200t/h speed detection performance, 1min emergency sample detection function, open cover module automatically decapitated, and the reagents are accurate and reliable, meeting the day-to-day requirements of the medium-sized and large laboratories.
3. The internal and internal extension achievement leads the chemical luminous ivd company, which has 3.1 luminous harvests of good national production, and the company has a high profit margin and a capacity to respond to collections.
On December 8, 2023, the IMSS released the results of the Inter-Provincial Union Collection of In vitro Diagnosed Reagents (ICD) in 25 provinces (districts, legions).
The collection, which is considered to be an extension of the 2021 Ensign pilot, includes beta-flux membrane agnostic hormones (b-hcg), total man-velvet membrane agnostic hormones (total-hcg), sex hormones six, infectious diseases eight, sugar metabolics, and the new industry became the only national 5a manufacturer.
Five, Siemens four, Beckman three, New Industries five, Murray four, Ando four. The number of new industry projects in Group a is five, making it a leading national manufacturer. The new industry is the only country in the country to be in this inter-provincial union collection, and we believe that the results of this collection will have an important impact on the future import substitution of our vd manufacturers:
1) The sample of reagents selected is representative of the number of provinces involved in this procurement. According to official documents, the number of intended purchases for the first year of the collection reached 640 million, while the demand for eight infectious diseases (chemical luminous methods) was 350 million, or more than 55.4% of the total.
This collection also sets industry standards for the further integration of other in vitro diagnostic projects. 2) Foreign firms and national producers compete for the same price. In general, foreign producers compete for an in vitro diagnostic reagent.
The average prices are higher than those for domestic products. This collection will no longer distinguish between national and foreign production, will group all producers according to 90% of the prices, and will rank them down in the same price system. National producers in the group will be more likely to be in the lead than foreign producers, and this collection will be more profitable and faster.
(c) The core mechanism for national production as an alternative to imports. (3) The collection is followed by: distributors and hospital-based preference for national producers. The collection is mainly about the distribution chain, and the distributor, as an indispensable part of the vd from the factory to the yard, performs the functions of preparation, distribution, terminal services, etc.;
The harvest will significantly reduce the profits of intermediate distributors, forcing them to work with domestic firms with more intermediate profits, thereby promoting a pattern of import substitution in the vd industry. The collection will show a trend towards end-out and head concentration.
This collection is an effective way to clear the tails of less efficient operations, less influential and more homogeneous products, taking into account the size of the chemical light market, the large number of small and medium-sized enterprises in the country, the poor quality of the products, the high degree of homogenization and the vulnerability of low-end varieties to price warfare.
The demand for procurement is concentrated in the head vd enterprise, and the head vd of the Merrillian Medical, Antu Biology, New Industries, etc., is in 3.2 countries: there has been a steady increase in reloading, reagent rapid release, a steady increase in the number of chemical luminous devices installed in the company, a high number of large aircraft, and a continuous roll-out of new items.
In addition, the proportion of large units with more reagent slots has gradually increased, reaching 63.34 per cent in 2023. According to the company’s semi-annual performance report for 2024, the company has provided services to 1,636 level III hospitals in the country.
60.20% coverage in the country ' s tri-a hospital (based on data published by the National Health Board in June 2023 entitled " Summary of Health Statistics in China 2023 " ). During the reporting period, the company took full ownership of the development of a new generation of laboratory waterlines, satlarst8 and smart management software, which were officially listed, and satlarst8 had super-efficient sample processing.
And the orbital transmission performance, multi-form in-orbit and cascading design, which meets the testing needs of various laboratories, is based on the country’s top two areas of immunization diagnostics: swelling, a larger import substitution space for the first two sub-sectors, and a company’s pre-emptiveization. The company has a leading technical advantage in both the oncology markers (swollen), the thyroid function (thyroids) and the first two.
In 2021, according to Deloitte and Touche, China ' s current status and future prospects in the diagnostics of immunization, China accounted for the first two of China ' s sub-markets, 12.4 billion yuan and $7.9 billion, respectively. The commonwealth, based on the accumulated holdings and the advantages of new loadings over the years, achieved a rapid growth in reagent end use by the engine, taking over the reagents.
According to the country’s first two sub-sectors, the co-optimal national chemical lighting market favoured it. 3.3 Abroad: size, building ivd head sheep out of the sea, breaking 100 billion dollars in the offshore ivd market in 2023, and nearly a quarter of the immune diagnostic market.
Levin, the global market for ivd broke the $100 billion mark in 2023 and reached $133.9 billion in 2025; the global diagnostics market for immunization in 2022 was about 23 per cent of the entire area of ivd, and the vast offshore market provided large potential demand space for domestic ivd enterprises.
Overseas revenues have broken a billion yuan mark, and the rate of growth is clear. Overseas markets sold 3,564 fully automated chemical luminescence devices in 2023, an increase of 51.07 per cent compared to the previous year, while the sales of medium- and large-scale luminous instruments rose to 36.54 per cent, a 17.23 percentage point increase over the same period in the previous year; with the rapid increase in the number of installed machines in overseas markets.
The continuing rise in the ratio of long to medium-sized aircraft has laid a solid foundation for following up on the continued growth of overseas operations. Despite macroeconomic fluctuations in overseas countries, overseas markets achieved 1.319 billion yuan in operating revenues in 2023, compared to 10 fully-owned subsidiaries that have been established overseas by the same company, with an emphasis on home-grown operations.
By establishing fully-owned subsidiaries in priority countries, localization operations will accelerate the growth of priority regional operations abroad. The main differences in the company’s internal and foreign distribution patterns are that domestic distribution is not based on a hierarchy of distributors, in principle there is no regional general distributors, and the company’s own marketing team mainly promotes products to medical institutions and provides after-sale services, and the company’s association
Assistance to distributors in market development and maintenance of customers: Overseas distribution is based on the national master distribution system, with the general distributors undertaking secondary marketing of local target medical institutions and local after-sale services.
4.1 The company ' s performance is split and valued (1) the in vitro diagnostic reagent business, and we expect a rapid release of the company ' s combined in vitro diagnostic reagent revenue holdings, based on the following assumptions:
1) Policy drivers. Anhui leads 25 inter-provincial alliances for the collection of state-made reagents, companies as heads of state, all five projects successfully enter group A, national production replacements accelerate, prices are reduced by an average of less than 10%, and the next wave of priority groups lead. 2) To the sea, companies are the most successful chemicals in the country.
Xinivd, which enjoys a strong visibility abroad, believes that, as the foreign market expands further in the future, the single-manufacturing of large machines in the company rises from year to year, their share of total income rises and their penetration increases further. We (2) In vitro diagnostic instrument operations
We expect a steady increase in revenues from the company ' s in vitro diagnostic instrument operation based on the following assumptions: 1) The country, because the company ' s main business is the medical device vd plate, has selected the company that ivd chemically luminates as its main business as a reference for the valuation of the new industry: Miri Medical Care, Anto Biology, Yafiron. As of October 2024
The company’s business earnings and net profits have increased at a high rate of certainty over the years, rising at a rapid rate abroad, and has been a national leader in the chemical luminous vd industry, enjoying a certain premium on valuations. The substitution process; the overseas loading continues to break into the reagent harvest period.
There is a wealth of medical industry, primary-market investment, and secondary-market research experience. Contact person: Money, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the medical appliances industry. Shanghai Transport University, Medical Talent, formerly in the management of Medley (Shanghai).
The data and information used in this report, using legally compliant information, are made available independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.