The new industry is the country's chemically luminous in vitro diagnostic leader and our scarcely successful seaboard chemistry.
The company relies on closed instruments for the profits of high Maori reagents, so the high stock of speed machines is a major factor affecting the company's profits, with the introduction of the Maglumix series in 2019 and the company's development entering a new phase, leading the high-speed machine x 8 product industry, which is now the company's main measure.
Pantun (Research Assistant) x 8 is growing steadily, reagent consumption and profit growth are more certain.
(b) Level III. The national rate of chemically luminous diagnosis of hospitals is still low, so that the national market for level III hospitals has a high number of hospital tests, especially for efficient high-speed machines and in vitro diagnostic fluids; and therefore, research and development.
The combination of high-speed machines x8 and fully autonomous intellectual property lines t8 in the new industry provides the basis for companies to occupy a high-end market share.
High-speed machines x 8 and stream lines t8 account for 66% of sales, and the company’s stock of equipment in the country’s level III hospitals continues to increase and is expected to benefit from national production replacements in the external diagnosis market at the level III hospital. • The prices of our chemically luminous diagnostic collection have been largely settled and are expected to accelerate the process of national production substitution
In 2024, the third chemical luminous collection covered 27 provinces of the country (districts, legions) and covered oncological signs and thyroid work.
It's detectable; most of the country's regional and mainstream projects are expected to enter the collection area after the harvest, and the price reduction effects on the industry are largely clear. The country has a better pattern of external chemical diagnosis competition, a moderate collection policy, which is expected to fall by about 50%, and the profit margin of the importer's brand distributors is lost.
The company’s market position abroad has continued to improve, with a marked increase in mid- and high-speed equipment.
Emerging markets have a high population base and a backward medical infrastructure, which is the growth point in the global in vitro diagnostic industry, which is a rare and successful provider of chemically luminous diagnostics, with subsidiaries deployed in several emerging market countries. As emerging market health infrastructure develops and companies maintain a position in overseas markets,
The company’s new equipment has been gradually converted from small to medium-sized and large-scale, and the product upgrading of overseas clients will provide a solid basis for the company’s medium- and long-term growth. The number of medium-sized and large-sized instruments continued to increase in certainty in the first three quarters of 2024, driving the growth of reagent revenues.
• First coverage, recommended rating Over-expected risk, international relations risk Financial summary and valuation indicators (data up to 2024/12/03)
1 New Industries - A two-wheel-drive chemical luminous company, both in and out of the country, leading in the field of external diagnostics of chemistry. Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co. Ltd. was established in 1995 to operate in the research and development, production and marketing series of fully automated chemicals.
In 2021, the new industry accounted for 5.2 per cent of the country ' s chemical industry, ranking third in the country ' s production industry; by the market for new installed machines, the new industry has risen to the fourth largest in the country. By 2024h1, the coverage of tri-a hospitals in the country had reached 60.2 per cent.
In the overseas market, medical terminals are provided for 155 countries and territories, with cumulative chemically luminous in vitro diagnostics, both in and out of the country, our competitive patterns in the chemically luminous sector market are stable, corporate equity structures are stable, and industry experts are in control of the company.
Equity, non-participation in the actual operation of the company; co-ownership by Dr. Xion Wei, Chairman and Managing Director of the company and his co-activists