Continued expansion of production capacity, channel power + brand-enhanced flagship status In-depth study/food beverages industry 28 September 2020
After more than 30 years of deep farming, leading the food and oil industry, the gold dragonfish became a well-known food and oil industry leader with $17.7 billion in 2019, leading the industry. The company’s main business consisted of kitchen food, feed raw materials, and fat technology products, including kitchen food.
The largest contribution was made by 63.7% of the total, with the highest share of food and oil production, at 47.8% of brand names, and the company's success in creating a well-known brand name, the Golden Dragonfish, and a rich brand matrix with a strong product power.
The consumption of food and oil is large and largely non-cyclical, and demand is relatively stable. Consumption of oil has increased steadily in recent years, and will continue to increase steadily in the future; the proportion of products packaged in the food and oil market will rise gradually, driven by rising consumption trends.
The industry is currently less concentrated, and companies have the first share of the market in modern channels for packaging rice. Our domestic flour production and consumption have remained stable, and specialized flour has been growing rapidly, becoming a hot spot for industrial development; and companies are now leading the market share in modern channels for packaging flour.
• Greater leverage. Well-established channels further deepen the corporate moating of rivers raw materials: companies globalize their purchases and create stable supply channels: productive capacity: companies lead the industry, and the advantages of scale will continue to grow after local collections: channels: companies establish well-developed direct marketing + distribution models, retailing, retailing, marketing, marketing, etc.
Catering, industrial channels are covered, and the number of distributors is increasing steadily: compared to industry companies: companies collect, return to net profit, lead companies, and sales and management rates are lower, reflecting good corporate governance.
The main objectives of this project are to strengthen the main industry, expand capacity, and raise funds after the completion of the project will effectively alleviate the company’s low productivity in marketing high peaks. Specifically, seven kitchen food complexes have added production capacity of 182.1161.14 million tonnes/year; rice/wheat/ flour processing capacity of 65.4/10.9 million/year; soybean expansion/ peanuts
Unanimous expectations, arithmetic method). First coverage, “recommended” rating. Extremely volatile prices of raw materials, risk of falling stock prices, food safety, etc.
The company's predecessor dates back to the South China Sea oil that was established at the Shenzhen Snake Pass in 1988.
The lipid industry (Creak Bay) Ltd., which introduced the first bottle of gold dragonfish in 1991 as small-package oil, contributed to a change in China's consumption of bulk oil to small-package oil, while also opening the way for the creation of corporate brands; the year 2003 as small-package oils was sold out by 1 million tons, and the year 2011 as rice was processed by 1 million tons.
In December 2018, the company as a whole changed to establish a limited company, which will land deep on the market in 2020. Hundreds of millions of revenues, leading the industry of scale. Companies' collections are large and have been growing steadily in recent years, and achieved in 2019.
According to the company ' s statement of shares, the company ' s share of modern channels in the country in 2018 in the areas of cooking oil, packing rice, and packing flour was the leader of a well-deserved industry. In terms of the regional structure of revenues, the gold dragonfish earns its income mainly from China, with revenue collected from China in 2019.
The main operations, according to the classification criteria of companies, include kitchen food, feed raw materials, and fat technology, with kitchen food being divided into retail end, catering end, and food industry end.
The main categories are: cooking oil for kitchen food plates, rice, flour, special fats, etc., protein products for feed material plates (e.g. soybean, vegetable platinum), fibre products (e.g. palm platinum, coconut platinum), oil and fat base chemicals for fat technology plates (e.g. fatty acids, soaps), solar products, etc.
The company launched its first bottle of "goldfish" in 1991 as a small package of cooking oil.
An oil-eating advertisement greatly enhanced brand visibility; in 2008, the Golden Dragonfish brand became the exclusive supplier of oil for the Beijing Olympics, further enhancing brand image. After nearly 30 years of focused construction, the Golden Dragonfish became the most famous cook food brand, based on the World Brand Laboratory, China 's 500 Most Valued Brands in 2019, the "Gold Dragon Fish" brand.
The value is as high as $39.854 billion; in the 2019 Top 100megabrands White Paper, published by Ernst International, Golden Dragons ranked 21st in global fast consumer goods.
Golden Dragonfish has resulted in a comprehensive brand matrix of high-end, middle-end, and popular targeting of different markets to meet consumer-diversified demand for products. The high-end olive oil brands “Oo Riveran” and peanut oil brands “Huki Flower” have gained high visibility and reputation among consumers.
Table 2: Main branding of kitchen products, brand positioning, extension of new product categories on the basis of branding.
Year after year, the gold dragonfish brands of rice, flour, hanging flour, groceries and rice flour were marketed and expanded to the area of spices. The gold dragonfish brand was expanded from a single to a multi-species variety, with great success. According to Eurytian data, the 2019 gold dragonfish brand became the third largest brand in the country's packaging rice retail market, and the packaging of the taped retail market.
(ii) A steady increase in net revenue, resulting in the largest contribution of kitchen food; a faster recovery in 2020h1 camp, on the one hand, where kitchen food as a necessity was not received during the outbreak
The net profit of the parent is strongly affected by the loss of derivatives and asset impairments. The net profit of the company from 2017 to 2020h1 was affected by the loss of the net profit share and the loss of asset impairment.
The gains and losses on commodity derivative financial instruments have a better smoothing effect on profits. At the same time, the company lost $456 million in asset impairment in 2020h1, or $1,306 million less than in 2019h1, which is the main reason for the significant increase in net profit from 2020h1.
In 2019, the company earned 81.5 billion yuan in operating income from cooking oil, representing 75 per cent of the plate of the kitchen food business, and 25 per cent from other kitchens, such as rice, flour, hangovers, specialized oils, animal fats, etc. The consumption of oil accounts for 47.8 per cent of the company’s total operating income, making it the company’s most important product category.
The Māori rate has risen steadily, with the highest Māori rate in the kitchen food plate. The Māori rate in the company’s three major business plates has been at the same level as in the industry for nearly three years.
At normal levels, in 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was higher than that of Daoquan, Kyoto Food Holdings and Kim Jianmei, and lower than that of Kemmin. (iii) The equity structure was clear and stable.
The stock distribution was successful, and Bathos ' shareholdings after listing would fall to 89.99 per cent, but they would remain in an absolute holding position, and the company’s equity structure would remain stable over the long term.
1. The size of the market for vegetable oil for consumption has steadily increased. Production and consumption of vegetable oil for consumption have increased steadily.
The consumption structure is dominated by the consumption of vegetable oils and the consumption of animal oils is relatively low. According to the National Food and Oil Information Centre, the production of vegetable oils for consumption amounted to 29.6 million tons in the market year 2017/18, with an average annual compound growth rate of 4.55 per cent in the market year 2012/13 to 2017/18; and the consumption of vegetable oil for consumption in the market year 2017/18.
Soya oils and soy sauce oils account for the main share of sales of small packaged vegetable oils. Small packaged vegetable oils, broken down by oils, can be divided into soybean oils, modulated oils, vegetableseeds, corn oils, sunflower oils, groundnuts, etc. According to Nielson, soybean oils, foodseeds and oils account for the main share of sales of small packaged vegetable oils, 2019 sales.
Modern channels are the most important distribution channels for small packaging vegetable oil. In terms of distribution, modern channels such as large stores, supermarkets, small supermarkets are the main distribution channels for small packaging vegetable oil, accounting for more than 80% of sales in the industry.
It also contributes the most to large stores and supermarkets, accounting for more than 60% of sales in the industry. For individual vegetable oils, the distribution of different types of oil varies widely, but the share of modern sources is more than 70%, with soybeans accounting for up to 85% in 2019. As can be seen, in the retail market for small packaging vegetable oils, there are modern channels for manufacturers.
Expanding capacity is crucial. Figure 16: Proportion of small-packaged vegetable oil sales by category, 2019
On the one hand, the substitution of oil for bulk oil in packaging continues to increase. As national regulations restricting the sale of bulk oil continue to be in place, and consumer awareness of food safety is increasing, bulk oil consumption is decreasing, and the consumption of packaged oil is rising, occupying the dominant position in the food market.
As the standard of living of the population rises, consumers in the packaging oil market also pay more attention to the brand and quality of the oil, and are willing to pay higher prices for quality products and brands. Industry concentration is increasing.
In the context of intense market competition, even those of higher size have shown a downward trend in recent years. According to the Chinese Yearbook of Agro-Industries, the number of companies with more than vegetable oil fell from 2050 in 2014 to 1980, a 3.5% reduction.
The consumption of vegetable oils has risen steadily from 64.8 per cent in 2017 to 68.8 per cent, with increasing concentration. (ii) The rice market: demand rigidity, with gold dragonfish in the lead, has seen a small but long-term decline in rice consumption. We are the world ' s largest producer and consumer of rice, 2019.
Production and consumption of rice amounted to 147 million tons per year and 143 million tons per year, respectively. Production and consumption of rice increased steadily until 2013, reaching an average of 1.19 per cent and 1.92 per cent per year, respectively, between 2008 and 2013. With the restructuring of our traditional agricultural structure, livestock has grown rapidly, and the milk and aquaculture industries have grown considerably, as consumers have done.
The demand for rice has declined slightly since 2013. But, as a staple food, rice demand is relatively rigid, consumption is high, rice consumption is dominated by consumption of rations, and the proportion of rice in packaging has increased. Our rice consumption structure is composed mainly of food consumption, gavage, and industrial food. According to data from China ' s agricultural outlook report (20202029), rice rations were produced in 2019.
Consumption amounted to 114 million tonnes, the largest share of total consumption, 84.1%; industrial and feed consumption accounted for 8.4% and 7.6%, respectively, while rations consumption was dominated by bulk rice, with a lower share of packing rice. In recent years, as consumption rose and consumer awareness of food safety increased, the proportion of packing rice rose.
The rice industry is less concentrated, and the modern source of gold dragonfish leads. We are a large rice-growing country, with a larger number of rice-processing enterprises due to the low barriers to entry into the rice-processing industry. In recent years, the number of enterprises above the size of the rice industry has increased. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2017 there were about 3,400 enterprises above the size of the rice industry, compared to 2012, in the country.
Although the entire industry is now highly dispersed, there is a trend towards a concentrated market presence in modern channels of packaging rice. 44.9% of the year, with the gold dragonfish taking the lead, was ranked first in 2019 at 18.4% of the market. Our wheat production has remained stable in recent years.
China is the world’s largest wheat producer, with annual increases in wheat production from 2008 to 2015, at 2.32%, and a deceleration of wheat production after 2015, with a slight decline in 2018 due to bad weather and stock backlogs, but a long-term stabilization. According to frost&solvan’s projections, with quality, the country’s wheat production has been stable.
With the growing area of wheat cultivation, our wheat production is expected to remain stable, reaching 13.5.1 million tons by 2024, and the overall stability of wheat production has ensured stability in the supply and prices of raw materials on the flour market, while our flour production and consumption have remained stable. Our flour production has grown at a compound annual rate of 0.6 per cent since 2015.
Tons of flour are growing rapidly. Flour can be divided into universal flour and special flour according to national standards.
And composite flour, which is custom-made flour for the production of specific products, such as dumplings and bread flour. As our economy continues to grow rapidly and as urbanization progresses, consumer demand for flour products is increasing, which has led to an increase in the production of special flour.
A total of 14.9 per cent was significantly higher than the total flour production (cagr 0.6 per cent); by comparison, exclusive flour production accounted for a total flour production of sullvan, which was projected to decline somewhat between 2020 and 2024, but remained higher than the overall flour production, which would reach 41.3 per cent in 2024.
According to the National Food and Material Reserve, of China’s 2,590 flour manufacturers with more than 50 tons of annual capacity, the country’s current market pattern is highly fragmented, with a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, but in recent years the number and concentration of businesses has been decreasing, increasing, and production capacity is gradually gathering to head companies.
According to frost&sullivan, in 2019, the flour manufacturing industry produced 30.3% of its capacity, and there is still room for improvement. Nelson's data show that gold dragonfish, by volume of sales, were in the lead in packaging the flour production channel, with a market share of 26.7% in 2019, ranking first.
(iii) Forage raw materials market: large scale, steady growth in demand, oil pressurized byproducts, and huge market demand. Forage raw materials mainly include oilseeds and their processed products, grains and their processing products, etc., are supplied to feed producers and further processed into feed products.
According to China ' s agricultural outlook report (2020-2029), total feed production will reach 283 million tons in 2029 and will increase at an annual rate of 2.1 per cent over the next decade.
The production of soybeans is growing rapidly as one of the most important feed materials. Most of the soybeans are used to feed poultry and pigs. Many of the amino acids in the soybean are suitable for the nutritional needs of poultry and pigs. In recent years, soybeans have also been widely used in aquaculture. Soybean production has increased significantly in recent years, with a total supply of approximately 72.65 million tons in 2019.
Annual composite growth rate of 6.8 per cent by 2019; total soybean consumption in 2019 was about 71.3 million tons, 2008-3. Corporate perspective: growing advantages of scale, increasing control of channels; (i) stable supply of raw materials and leading industries with capacity
The cost of raw materials is higher. Kitchen foods are particularly high. The characteristics of the company’s food and oil processing and feed raw materials industries determine the degree of homogenization of the products, the low rate of Maori and the fact that raw materials are the company’s main cost in 2019.
The cost of raw materials for kitchen food operations is 88.28%, up to 90% in 2017 and 2018. The price of raw materials and the supply capacity of raw materials have a direct impact on the profitability of the company, and therefore the control of raw materials is crucial.
Global purchases of raw materials reduce the risk of supply shortages. Companies have globalized their raw materials based on the production and supply and demand characteristics of our agricultural products, and have purchased higher amounts of money from abroad for raw materials such as soybean and palm oil, which are far from being supplied domestically, to ensure adequate supplies of raw materials. Soybean purchases from abroad originate mainly in Brazil, Argentina, and the United States.
Countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia are the main sources of imported palm oil. In 2019, companies purchased 54,186 million yuan of raw materials abroad, representing 39.07 per cent of such purchases; soybean and processed products and palm and lunar acids accounted for the highest proportion of such purchases abroad, at around 60 per cent.
The Golden Dragonfish Real-Soft International and associated companies, adm, were ranked among the top five suppliers in 2019. Among them, the Gold Lodge International was the world’s largest producer of palm oil, accounting for about a third of the market share of palm oil on the international market, meeting the high demand for palm oil in business areas such as gold dragonfish fat technology and the food industry.
Adm, a global supplier of important agricultural products such as soybeans, has been able to stabilize the main raw material needed to supply raw materials for goldfish kitchen food and feed.
Figure 33: High proportion of purchases of some raw materials outside the country 2. Production capacity is leading, with sustained scale effects, in the Golden Dragonfish Food and Oil Processing Industry. Company capacity is among the top in the industry and has risen steadily over the last three years.
In 2019, the company produced 22.5 million tons of pressurized production, 11.6 million tons of refined production, 2,258 million tons of small and medium packaging, 3.84 million tons of rice processing, and 6.68 million tons of wheat processing, further reinforcing its own barriers to scale operations, with a strong competitive advantage in terms of product quality and production costs.
Production bases are located throughout the country, with a large-scale effect on integrated enterprises. More than 70 production bases have been built and are being built in 26 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government), with more than 100 production-type enterprises and more than 300 integrated processing workshops, many of which are located close to raw materials, ports, railways or terminals.
The integrated enterprise cluster model reduces costs, the clusters are structured along the industrial chain, vertically integrated, and an internally integrated energy source, raw feeder supply and warehousing logistics system is in place to take full advantage of its scale. (ii) Distribution networks are spread throughout the country and multiple channels complement each other.
Establishment of a well-developed direct marketing/distribution model to achieve full coverage of retail, catering, and industrial channels. Corporate sales patterns are divided mainly into distribution and direct sales, with a higher share of direct sales revenue, accounting for about 70% of the company’s revenue. Companies use different marketing models for different product types and channel characteristics: kitchen food and fat technology.
In the kitchen food section, the Māori ratio is lower than in the direct sale mode, with retail outlets selling 5.5 percentage points higher than distribution in 2019.
The oil and gas technology business is a marketing model where the Māori rate is higher than that of the direct market, mainly because of differences in product structure, where the products sold are mainly solarized, and where the products sold include such basic chemical products as 20 oils, where the Māori rate is relatively high.
Retail outlets: The ability to cover is increasing. The company ' s kitchen food is purchased through traditional channels such as the agro-trade market and other special channels such as welfare groups, joint promotions, etc., are based on distribution models, and the modern ones are based on direct distribution models. While actively developing developed cities, companies are actively promoting the sinking of channels, developing county-level urban, rural, and township markets, and working with Afghanistan.
Community retail power platforms such as the Retail Interstate and the New Channel in Kyoto are working together to improve end-user coverage. Currently, the company’s retail coverage covers more than 2,800 municipalities and counties across the country, with more than 1.1 million end-users. Catering channels: customers are sticky, new models are being explored.
Clients such as chained meals, with their high demand and relative stability and high demand for product stability, are sticky. There are currently 26 marketing branches, more than 2,600 distributors, selling over 300,000 end-users in more than 2,300 municipalities and counties.
Companies sell high-quality customers. Companies have well-established partnerships with a number of leading retail, catering and food industry companies. The main direct sales customers of kitchen food are Wal-Mart, Big Rush, Huo-Yun, Carrefour, and so on.
The main direct sales customers of feed raw materials and oil technology products are Winch, New Hope, Twins, Jong-dae, Cheng-Bong, Cheng-Bong.
In recent years, companies have adhered to a downside strategy, the number of distributors, and the number of distributors.
668 new distributors have effectively contributed to the growth in corporate performance, with sales of 72.86/57.45/5899 million yuan in 2017-2019. As companies further develop new distributors, the resulting performance gains in the future will be based on (iii) peer comparison: net returns are high and cost rates are lower than those of their peers.
In terms of net profit returns, the sales cost rate of the company, which was affected by derivatives transactions in 2016, remained stable at a lower level than that of comparable companies in the industry. The cost of sales of the company consisted mainly of shipping costs, market costs, employee remuneration, etc. The cost of sales of the company has remained stable in recent years, with 2017 - 2020h, respectively.
The management costs of companies include mainly employee remuneration, depreciation amortization, etc. The management costs of companies have been lower than those of comparable companies in the last three years.
At the same time, the company has an experienced management team and a professional workforce that is relatively efficient and efficient in managing, while sales by the company are far higher in revenue than other listed companies in the same industrya, with economies of scale.
The collection of funds, after deducting costs, will be used for a total of 19 projects, all of which are based on the main business kitchen foods, including cooking oil, rice, flour, spices, etc. The types of projects can be divided into kitchen food complexes, cooking oil projects, flour projects and other projects, and investments in the company ' s main business.
In order to keep the product fresh, to shorten the time from factory to final consumption, and to reduce the cost of storage, the company concentrates on production as it approaches delivery.
The company plans to mitigate the underperformance of the company during the peak sales period through this fund-raising project. (i) The kitchen food complex project
By 2019, the company's pressurized capacity was 22.5 million tonnes/year, 11.6 million tonnes/year of refined production, 2,258 million tonnes/year of small and medium packaging, 3.84 million tonnes/year of rice processing, and 6.68 million tonnes/year of wheat processing. The company's seven kitchen-food complex projects, after delivery, are expected to produce additional production; and 1,82 million tonnes/year of pressurized production.
1.16 million tonnes/year of refined production, 1.41 million tonnes/year of small and medium packaging production, 654,000 tonnes/year of rice processing production, 1 million tonnes/year of wheat processing, 1.9 million tonnes/year of flour processing, 66,000 tonnes/year of soybean expansion, 6.70 million tonnes/year of peanuts and 24.6 million tonnes/year of sesame production.
(ii) Kitchen food oil project 6 kitchen food oil projects mobilized by the company after delivery are expected to result in additional production capacity of 4.67 million tonnes/year of pressurized production, 1,110,000 tonnes/year of refined production, 560,000 tonnes/year of small and medium packaging production, and 370,000 tonnes/year of soybean expansion.
(iii) The kitchen flour project The four kitchen flour projects mobilized by the company are expected to produce 2.13 million tonnes/year of wheat processing capacity and 450,000 tonnes/year of flour processing capacity.
(iv) Other kitchen food projects. Two kitchen food and other projects that companies raise after delivery are expected to result in additional capacity: 1 million tonnes/year for maize processing and 250,000 tonnes/year for wheat processing.
However, in 2021, the additional capacity became more productive, taking into account that in 2021 the performance of the company at the end of the restaurant was expected to be significantly better than the valuation level corresponding to the company's issuing price, which was significantly lower than the current average of 66 x of the medium-consumption flavour plate (which corresponds to the pe level in 2020 (assuming ibid.). For the first time, coverage was provided, with a “recommended” rating.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is currently in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions were not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.