Overseas and media Internet groups buy out channels to pay for the transformation chain1 and for the impact of the acquisition of new media: companies will benefit from 3 aspects once completed.
At the end of March, the elevator television media covered more than 230 major cities in the country, with an approximate amount of equipment.
1. “Search of media companies: good performance, high ratings for shareholders”, 1.26 million: New tides focus on outdoor video advertising, locking in middle-class communities outside the writing building, and by the end of September 24, it operated about 740,000 elevator smart screens. Clients: companies accumulated
2. "Assessment of media companies: steady growth in performance in line with expectations " , a large number of large, high-quality customers, while the new tides have ploughed down long-tail markets, with single-screen revenue below the company 2000 yuan/year.) The company ' s leadership position has been further consolidated after the acquisition of the new tide.)
3. “Search of media companies: sound operations and performances in line with expectations, together with Ali and Kyundong + 100 degrees of depth, respectively, to promote the performance of the goods, and to complete the acquisition of the promised dividends”, 2024.8.10
On June 24, the paycheck went into the company elevator channel, and the users passed through it.
If a cell phone touches a small blue ring of equipment, it can take a red bag, coupons or jump shop/buy pages, and the collaboration between the two sets up the advertising-pay conversion chain, it is likely to solve the difficult task of the traditional escalator, while deepening the collaboration with the major shareholder Ali on data and so on.
Further opening up the market space for elevator advertising. The payment treasure was launched in June of 24th year, and then quickly rolled out, with the current user breaking out of billions, and its online promotion is highly aligned with the company's channels.
1) Through an analysis of the changes in the advertising market over the last 10 years, we believe that changes in consumption trends will lead to the creation of new industries or brands. In this process, the pre-run cycle, competition for a strong position in white fever, such as the Internet, online teaching, will contribute to an increase in the number of placements.
Trades such as breeding. New consumer competitions, represented by tidal games, tea and tea, tend to be intense, and brand recognition is one of the key factors in winning, especially for the more homogenous categories of products.
The effect will diminish simultaneously, and the price advantage of brand advertising will become more pronounced. 3) The new consumer companies have a relatively high level of profitability, the industry is still expanding, and the advertising budget is expected to be adequate.
Macroeconomic developments are not as good as expected, new and emerging downstream races are under way, market competition and the acquisition of new-tide media are below expectations. First, the acquisition of new-tide media is expected to improve bargaining power as coverage expands.
On 9 April, the company announced that it was planning to purchase 100% of the shares of 50 new tidal media dealings with each other in the form of shares and cash payments. When the deal is completed, the new wave media will become fully-owned subsidiaries of the company.
The coverage of the population is low and there are differences in the client needs met. Once the acquisition is completed, the location distribution, the population coverage, and the need for diversification of advertisers are more likely to be strengthened. 2) The company’s leadership pattern is expected to be further consolidated and the bargaining power is stronger. 3) Both work in depth with different large Internet plants, and each focuses on the promotion of a combination of performance. Once the acquisition is completed, the data will be available.
Further outreach is expected to further enhance the convergence of results. 1.1. Full location distribution, crowd coverage, and greater satisfaction of brand diversification investment needs. Divisioning, new tide position distributions are focused, overlap is low, and post-acquisition location layout will be more complete.
1) There is a high level of coverage of the mass media. According to the 2024 news report, the company elevator media covered the mainstream consumer population of the city, working, living, entertainment and consumer scenes, and integrated into a life-cycle media network, with major cities, including Hong Kong, China, and covering Korea, Thailand, Singapore and other countries, with approximately 1.26 million devices;
Elevator poster media covered more than 120 major cities in the country, with approximately 1.8 million equipment (including approximately 374,000 equipment from participating companies); 2459 cinemas and 17,000 cinema halls, covering approximately 300 cities in the country. Corporate elevator media distribution has been dominated by one or two cities since 2017, accounting for more than 80 per cent of the total, in nearly two years.
The percentage of points in the line and sub-city areas has increased, and it is expected that the focus will be mainly on the value for money of consumers, and the strategic positioning of low-line cities over corporate layout.) Compared to the comprehensive coverage of the distributed media, the new wave media will focus on outdoor video advertising, targeting the target.
The new wave of resources coincides less with the listed companies, serving a large number of medium-sized and small advertisers through flexible and dynamic investment methods. The new wave media is community-centred, multi-media and multi-frequency reach the target users. As of 30 September 2024, the new wave of the elevator media platforms were located in about 200 locations.
The city operates about 740,000 smart screens, including about 640,000 smart screens in about 45,000 residential districts. After a long period of operation, the crowds accumulate large, high-quality customers, while the new tides are closing down the long-tail market, buying and integrating, and are expected to raise single screen revenues.
Single-media revenue is about $4,600 (including television and poster ladders) and new-tide smart screen revenue is about $2,600, the latter being more spaced, mainly expected to be higher-profile, larger client groups serving higher-quality clients, while new-tide services a large number of medium- and small-sized advertisers, the former with greater bargaining power and ability to talk about advertising budgets.
With the completion of this process, the number of points covered by the new wave is expected to be more effective and single-screen revenues are expected to increase under the power of the new wave. (Number of media), excluding offshore media equipment, new-tide media single-screen income = operating income in 2023/number of smart screens as of September 2024
1.2. The vanguard position is expected to be further consolidated, and bargaining power is expected to increase.
The Division competes directly with clients, etc., and in order to achieve its medium- and long-term strategic objectives, the company has expanded significantly since 18 years q2 Elevator-type media resources. By the end of 18 years, the company ' s own elevator television media had grown by 134.6 per cent over the end of 17 years, its own elevator poster posts by 60.2 per cent over the end of 17 years.
The equivalent of labour costs and operating maintenance costs have increased considerably, and this has affected the company ' s profit level, although it has grown by 21.1% over 18 years of revenue collection; 19 years of company collating, but the cost of rent is still high due to its rapid 18 years of expansion. Public health events began in 2020 with a marked slowdown in positive competition, leading the company to the top.
The position was further consolidated by the 21-year high rate of growth in single-equipment revenue over 19 years, with a significant increase in profit margins, but not the cost = the current year's media rental costs/(the elevator television media + the same year's elevator poster media), excluding the completion of offshore media acquisitions, and the cessation of competition with the new wave, which had had a negative impact on rent costs, single-point income or would have abated.
The new wave continues to be the leading company in China's outdoor advertising industry, leading the market in the escalator track, and further consolidating the vanguard for the company's elevator media. 2) The company now covers more than 400 million mainstream Chinese cities, 180 million urban households in the new wave media, and is expected to do so when the acquisition is completed.
Coverage of the population will be further expanded, thereby increasing the radiation exposure of advertisers. 1.3. Data will be more accessible, allowing for better integration of the data accumulated by the company and the new tide.
Both of them have been operating for years, and their own delivery systems have deposited large amounts of data and are expected to be complementary, depending on location and service customers; they have introduced strategic investments in Ari, Kyundong and 100 degrees, and have worked together on online data, with different Internet plants.
The data accumulated in this area are also expected to differ. 1) Ali, a major shareholder of the company, has worked together in depth since 18 years at the data, business, cloud, etc., to improve the company's chain after the release, and to promote the convergence of its effects. In July 2018, Ali and his associates entered the strategy with about 15 billion yuan yuan.
Shares, drawing on Ali’s new retail infrastructure and large data capabilities, as well as the company’s extensive bottom-up network, are exploring innovative patterns of digital marketing in the context of the new retail trend. Companies have achieved network delivery, real-time monitoring, insight, impact assessment, and digital transformation into brand-wide marketing and upgrading of brand consumer assets.
The core platform, which can assist brands in precision placement, screen-to-end flow interaction and enable brands to increase their sales transformation rates in the digital age. 2) Kyoto, 100%, is a major shareholder of the new tide.
With a total of RMB 2.1 billion, invested in a 100-degree partnership between the two sides, the community line of the new tide media will be deeply integrated with data on the 100-degree line, providing a more accurate media flow programme for businesses and brands, and the new tide media will officially become a new member of the 100-degree media coalition partner, while at the same time 100-degrees will be based on big data calculations.
In August of 1999, Kyoto and the New Tide media will use technology such as big data, alot, to fine-tune the size of the sub-line ads and achieve the “persons, goods, fields, hours” of the online ads.
Accurate matching, with a view to further improving the impact of offline advertising and continuously optimizing and enabling cooperative brands and business ecology, was launched again in September 21.3 In addition, the new tide media released the Bee Smart Induction System (bits) in August 1818, which will provide community-based elevator-based smart system products through big data plus artificial intelligence technology.
A one-stop smart marketing service for advertisers is implemented for new-tide media smart terminals.
▪ On June 24, the company’s official micro-witness message stated that the media and the paychecks were working together to “pay for money” into the elevators. The media and the paychecks were working together, and it was hoped that the post-scaling link would lead to better integration of the escalator channels, which would make it easier to quantify the results and would attract more advertisers and more budget.
1) Discreet elevator position + payment money touch with hope to connect to the "watch ads - immediate interactions - consumption conversion" link. When a user sees payment money touch the device in the elevator, the user unlocks the cell phone and touches the device's little blue ring to get a red bag, a discount coupon or jumps to shop/purchase pages. The collaboration between the two sets the link from advertising to payment conversion, and it is hoped that the transmission will be solved.
In conjunction with the preceding analysis, Ali's 18-year strategic investment company worked together to digitize the escalator channel and promote a convergence of performances.
In 2024, the third-party Internet payment market in China accounted for 20.7 per cent of the money paid, after Silver Union business; and the first transaction was launched in June 2024, using Nfc technology, and the user unlocked the cell phone without opening the payment package.
One touch of the little blue ring will be paid for, and by April 2025, the “Pay the Treasure” ecological conference, which has been deployed in over 400 cities across the country, 5,000+ brands, tens of millions of businesses connected, as well as the scene stretching from payment to feeding, opening doors, cycling, housing, etc., to a total of 300 sub-scenes, and the number of users of the “Pay the Treasure” has been broken by hundreds of millions, half of them young people under the age of 30.
We believe that this collaboration with the paycheck will generate more data on consumer behavior, consumer drawings, etc., and is expected to create an anti-breeding effect on both sides of the business.
Figure 9: Third Party Internet payment market share in China: payment treasures in second place, after Silver Union commerce. III. New consumption trends are clear and are expected to bring about an increase in ladders.
New consumption trends are expected to lead to an increase in escalators, mainly based on the following three points: 1) through an analysis of changes in advertising markets over the last 10 years, and large changes in consumption trends. We believe that changes in consumption trends will give rise to new industries or brands.
Online education, etc.. Competition in new consumer industries, represented by tidal games, tea and tea, has become intense, and branding recognition is one of the key factors in winning, especially for more homogenous product categories.
The value for money is likely to be higher. 3) The overall level of profitability of the new consumer companies is relatively high, and the industry is in the process of expansion, and it is expected that the advertising budget will be adequate. 3.1. Consumer industry changes will have a rematch of the impact on the investment: increased competition, running around, and promotion of increased investment.
Over the last 10 years, the advertising market has changed and consumption trends have changed. We've chosen three sectors that have changed dramatically, namely the Internet, online education, and cosmetics, and we've analysed them in the light of structural changes in advertising. We believe that changes in consumption patterns will lead to new industries, and some brands will rise, and in the process will lead to advertising.
Increment, such as the Internet, the post-car market, online education, low-heat foods/beverages, or the appearance of a large single item. Among them, the period when new brands are running around and competing for white heat is two important stages of the increase. 1) Internet: 2019, when Internet platforms were launched after 19 years, was significantly reduced.
According to ctr, almost all of the bright spots that were advertised in that year were connected to the Internet+, and the telecommunications sector was the only growing industry in the top 10 sectors, except for pharmaceuticals, with the main drivers of growth being websites, competition among the various power providers, and a 1.3-fold increase in television investment costs in the first three quarters of 2015, respectively.
One-fold, it's a ten-fold increase. And with the slow penetration of the Forces nouvelles in mushroom streets, touba rabbits, Ali travels and so on, the Internet sector advertising has changed. Between 2016 and 18, communications, websites (including electricity providers) were on the front line. By the first half of the 19th, the Internet was on the second half of the year, apps, website advertising were on the increase.
At the same time, the Internet media quickly grew into a new channel for online advertising. Scanning for more services. Chart 10: The overall growth of the advertising market is steady, with structural changes in the industry associated with changes in consumption patterns.
2) Online education: In 2021 (July 2021, two-wayd opinions were published), market size growth trends changed and advertising changed. According to economic and social data, the digital education market grew by more than 20% on the same scale in 2019-20, and ctr data show that the whole advertising channel (not including Internet platforms) in 2020 cost up to 20% of the top 20 brands.
The online education brand zebraai class and ape tutors were first on the list, no online education brands were on the list in 2021-23, and small apes again in 24. In 2021, 2023, 2024, cosmetics/brooms were the fastest-growing in advertising in the Top10 industry.
Figure 12: Online education: 21 years of "deep" opinion, market size, ladder channels as important media outlets for the world of life, as well as the changes in investment brought about by the above-mentioned changes in the industry.
Since then, mainly consumer brands, especially the food and beverages industry, we believe that they are more homogenous in their products, that brand-building, brand-building and brand mind-building are important for maintaining medium- and long-term advantages, and that head companies have higher levels of profit, more stable, and relatively adequate advertising budgets.
Figure 15: Changes in the revenue structure of the public media - by industry: the consumer consumer consumer industry is gradually becoming the company base 3.2, new consumer competition tends to be intense and the advertising price rises with effects, and the budget growth of the ladder can be sustained.
In the last 1-2 years, the rise of new consumer sectors such as tidal games, teas, and the United States of America, combined with the previous changes in consumption patterns affecting advertising, we believe that when new consumer brands are homogenous and competition increases, brand advertising budgets are expected to grow, and the escalators are expected to benefit as important underline life media.
The new consumption is a new round of changes in consumption patterns, which are now at a fast-growing and intensely competitive stage. The difference between new consumption and traditional consumption is the satisfaction of its content and emotional value, and the actual functionality of the products consumed has been reduced, as shown by the Insight Report on Emotional Economic Consumption (2024), published by the Mobtech Institute, in 2024.
Buying bills for emotional values and interests is the primary reason for young people’s consumption, accounting for over 40.1%, and the high growth and fires behind it, as well as the increase in new consumption, for example, in tidal games, grains, parley teas, and ancient gold brands.
1) Tide games: In the last four years, the market size capr was over 35% and was entering hundreds of billions of class industries, with high growth accompanied by more players. According to the Chinese Institute of Business and Industry, the size of China ' s tidal toy market grew from 22.9 billion yuan to 76.3 billion yuan in 2020-2024, with an average annual compound growth rate of 35.1%, with China ' s tidal toy market projected to reach its size in 2025.
Billion dollars, and it is expected that by 2026 it will be over 110 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 20%. High-growth markets also attract a large number of new entrants, and data from a professional survey show that there are currently more than 50,000 active, sustainable and economic-related enterprises in the country. Of these, about 3100 new businesses were registered in 2025.
More than 9,200 high-rise economic-related enterprises, accounting for 18.3 per cent of the country ' s total, followed by Henan, Fujian, Shandong and Hainan provinces (2) Teamaking: the current tea market has grown by more than 23 per cent in the last four years, and the number of shops has risen in the last two years, with competition patterns emerging.
The current tea market has been growing faster, with the current tea market growing at about $272.7 billion in 2024, as compared to the entire tea industry, and the competition has also been intense: 1 public health events have had a direct impact on the decline in the number of teahouses in the current market, 23-24, depending on the change in the number of teahouses.
During the year, the number of shops grew again, reaching 448,000 in 24 years, an increase of about 90,000 over 22 years;2 in terms of competitive patterns, the country has a high concentration of tea, close to half of the industry, with the share of the ice-cream city fields significantly higher than that of the other four, and the share of the Gudhu, Chau-Dao cities is close to 9 per cent, with the share of the High King's Chai and the upper aunt's cities being around 5 per cent.
In addition, tea brands such as tea color and tea are well known, and brand competition is intense. Chart 19: China's current tea-drinking competition pattern - “Super-deep” Chart 18: China's number of current tea-drinking shops: back to normal growth in the last two years
In 2024, the market share of China's five top brands before tea is now made, and in the light of the analysis of advertising in the light of the previous changes in consumption patterns, we believe that the new consumption is expected to lead to an increase in the volume of the escalator, mainly based on the following three angles:
1) In times of intense competition in the industry, brand awareness is one of the key factors in winning, and it is hoped to increase investment, especially for more homogenous product categories. Competition in new consumer sectors, represented by tidal games and tea, tends to be intense. 2) As a result of competitive mechanisms, the price of effective advertising will increase as the volume of investment increases, and the marginal effects of increased investment will be synchronized.
At the same time, while effective advertising can directly quantify the impact of the investment, branding is a matter of clear positioning, long-termism, and, for brands, effective advertising is less likely to create brand styles. For example, in the branded cosmetics (Senwanii) industry, sales costs have increased steadily in 2020-24.
Cosmetics Corporation, with a sustained increase in sales costs from 20201 to 24 years, with the exception of Perea, where the sales rate for other companies increased in 24 years, while the net interest rate for parentage fell in 24 years, with two companies having a higher overall profit level for new consumer companies, and industry in an expansion process, where advertising budgets were expected to be available.
We've chosen two representative new consumer companies from tidal games, teas, gold jewels, benefactors, pet lanes, most of which have grown by more than 20 per cent over the last two years, and are relatively high-growth companies, including Bubble Matt, Buco, the old shop gold, which doubles their 24-year earnings; and Māori, which has a higher Māori rate and a higher Māori rate for four companies in the US nursing industry.
In the last three years, it has been almost 50 per cent on average, and in the last three years the Māori rate has been even above 80 per cent; at the end of the net interest rate, close to 24 per cent in 24 years, while Brucco has a clearly narrow deficit; at the end of the sales rate, Māgöping's sales rate is higher than that of the other industries selected, almost 30 per cent, and the lower selling rate is in the tea shop.
In combination with the above data, we believe that the income of new consumer companies is still growing at a relatively fast pace, with most showing a relatively good level of profitability and a good trend of marginality, and that there is room for increased sales costs. 1) Word media operations: taking into account the relative maturity of the print media market at present, the company is firmly on top of the high line.
Urban locations, large and high-quality layouts, which create barriers to competition, will increase the number of post-tide acquisitions directly, and the strength of the vanguard will be further consolidated. However, the acquisition is not yet complete, so the impact of the acquisitions will be ignored.
In addition, the rise of other emerging industries, such as the al-Ai, may lead to an increase; at the same time, cooperation with the paycheck is expected to break through the backlinks and enhance the co-benefits of the company in securing more advertising budgets, 2) cinema media: the business is more connected to the ticket house, considering the historic q1 ticketing this year, but
q2, which has not performed as well as in previous years, is expected to show a modest increase in revenue from the operation in 2025, with media leasing, employee pay, depreciation, and the expected increase in media rental costs as the number of points increases, but the company has a strong leader and assumes a small annual increase in single-point costs, but at a slower rate than income growth: in the area of employee remuneration.
The company does not have a plan to expand its recruitment and the industry is mature and is expected to shrug with income growth; depreciation is expected to increase with location and equipment, but the cost is also expected to increase with relative rigidity and rate: 1) sales rate: it consists mainly of sales business fees, employee remuneration, etc., and is expected to increase with income
Advertisement marketing companies are mostly advertising agents and are less comparable with companies, so we value companies based on their level of apparition for almost five years, with the company pe center at 20x, taking into account the company's acquisition of new tidal media, the movement of cooperation with payouts, and the rise of new consumption and so on, giving companies 25 years of 23xpe, the corresponding city.
The advertising industry is more relevant to macroeconomic trends, and macroeconomic developments are likely to continue to shrink in advertising budgets than expected, thus exposing firms to lower-than-expected risks to their performance, as well as to new and emerging races such as tidal games, tea and pets.
The market competition for advertising increases the risks. Companies compete for more than just offline media, and Internet media are robbed.
The company will be negatively affected if the advertising owner’s budget is stolen by mobile Internet media. Buying new media is less risky than expected.
There is uncertainty about whether or when to register, and when to obtain the relevant approvals or registrations.