"Catch-and-Step" business helped to divide the big ads into the big ones.
▪ "Catch on" opens a new era of media performance, underpinned by the elasticity of media coverage in the next cycle: under a digital wave, a group of people pay for the roll-out of the ladder nfc, and combine the flow below the line with the payment ecology, from advertising exposure to interaction to transformation.
As consumption recovers, its high-performing leverage model collides with "flash" as consumption recovers.
The incremental impact of the first touch is expected to release a significant elasticity at the profit end.  A “touch-touch” re-placing of the coal conversion chain, a digital transformation of the new interactive technology application-led industry, a full-link data tracking capability to match user precision in the long term to release the growth dividend: the traditional ladder.
Faced with effects that are difficult to quantify, long transformation paths and weak interactive pains, “touch” simplifies paths through nfc technology, and the cps mode connects full-chain data and solves the attribution problem. The thousands of floors match with the accuracy of the data build-up, which leads to group preferences.
Personal insight, which addresses the problem of invalid transmissions from users who do not use coupons, also compensates for the lack of low-cost, high-precision growth paths for advertisers, and promotes a shift from brand exposure to a two-track model of “brand-plus effect”.
The pioneers of the transition are expected to take advantage of the pioneering advantage of the interactive innovation of the ladder, taking over the increased demand for efficient transformation from the advertisers. Tier-based incentives and targeted operating mechanisms enhance user sticky, and achieve precision and efficiency at low cost.
Upgrades the conversion rate of the under-line door shop. A "happy bump" promotes long-term user interaction through a stratification incentive mechanism, first moves to activate initial participation with a cash reward, followed by long-term stickyness with coupons, gifts, and both lowers the cost of the business and directs the line down to the shop.
"Segregated Media (002027): The targeted distribution logic of 2024 reports and data further optimizes the efficiency of operations by excluding specific groups, cross-brandings, one-quarter review of the 2025 quarterly reports: companies are growing steadily, and companies are expanding steadily.
Cross-broadcasting, reducing the new cost of single-guessing. For a brand of regional cognitive differences, it is possible to reach low-prevalence area users to try new ones, and the matching process can be completed at the moment that the back-office data system is ready to touch and strengthen the combined competitiveness of the "happy touch".
Divisional Media (002027): Acquisition of a new tidal medium  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We're going to make a significant improvement in the industry profile of our 25-27 year return net profit projection and the industry's valuation is expected to be large
The cost of releasing and integrating the new tide is optimized, with a medium- and long-term view of the “flash-on-the-job” rate moving up and downside market pricing by the new M&A. The current recovery in corporate performance is expected to benefit from an increase in the valuation of the short- and medium- and long-term drivers, so we give the company 30 times the number of years in 2025.
The traditional forms of advertising are also under profound pressure to change and upgrade in the context of a digital wave.
On 24th day, the payment treasure official microsigner wrote: “Elevator also has the ability to touch the payment treasure”, marked further collaboration between the public media and the paycheck online advertising market connection, launching an interactive nfc “touch-touch” ad, “touch-touch-touching” which opened the ladder by integrating the flow of the payments under the channel with the ecological advantage of the payment treasure in the distribution media.
The era, and hopefully a new engine of growth for the mass media. The use of "happening" communication technology in the near-field of the Netonfc, which allows for instant interaction between households and advertising, dramatically improves the efficiency of advertising, connects down-to-line scenes with the closed link of online consumption, and provides advertisers with a truly “good-for-one” solution.
The media cover more than 340 cities across the country, more than 3 million elevator points, and a combination of the size and mature ecological advantages of payment for billions of class users, thus opening a new era of euphemisms. Through the Gmv commissioning mechanism, the escalators are expected to become a new growth engine for the mass media, enhancing their overall profitability and market competitiveness.
This new feature has led to a loss of brand exposure and sales and significantly increased its core competitiveness. The launch of the new business was held on 8 August 2025, and a total of 100 million cash and red bags are planned to be released in the future to provide users with the benefits of wool.
As a result of the immediate closure of brand exposure and sales conversion, the traceable transformation chain will significantly enhance the core competitiveness of the mass media. 2. The high density of the distributed media and the high proportion of consumer goods will facilitate the expansion of contact.
The building media has a very high core point penetration rate, providing absolute excellence for the installation of stair coal “touch-touching” and its branded advertisements occupy absolute point penetration in the building media in two cities and three overseas countries, with a total of 1.8 million equipment (including 26,000 offshore).
The high coverage of the public media in key urban buildings and related advertising areas has made them prominent in offline advertising. High coverage has led to a rising share of the public media under the line, with the media contributing $11,549 million, or 94.19 per cent, in 2024.
The number of consumer goods customers continues to rise, offering potential cooperation in the mating of the ladder, and the share of consumer goods customers continues to rise. Since 20-21, when the new consumer lanes in the market were financed, a new consumer brand, represented by the gas forest, Naysche's tea, the perfect diary, etc., has emerged, the daily product has become popular.
In the past few years, successful brand marketing has contributed to the growth of consumer consumers, which has deepened the share of daily consumer goods in income distribution. In 2023-2024, the popular daily consumer goods advertising business started in 2019, and the structure of the company's advertising owners improved.
Social consumption has an increasing impact on company performance. By subcategory, companies contribute daily consumer income mainly from beverages, foods, alcohol, cosmetics and personal care, with the top five categories together accounting for about 90% of the estimated fast-out products. Internet customers account for about 12% of the income, most of which are also consumer-oriented companies, and the surplus.
Home-based retailing and automobile and transport-based retailing are also the main clients. Consumer-type customers are expected to continue to contribute to income growth, and the improvement of the domestic economy and the ongoing rehabilitation of consumption will draw on the key role of daily consumer advertisers in public media operations, setting the stage for high-frequency use.
As consumer awareness of brands continues to grow, especially as consumption recovery drives the demand for advertisers to change, focusing increasingly on precision placement and instantaneous transformation, and on the transformation of effects in the short term. This trend has given rise to the enormous potential of building media in the field of effect advertising, providing for the use of the "Teammaker Touch" function.
New opportunities have emerged. So, as the client ratio rises, the front-loading of the mass media will play an increasingly important role in helping advertisers achieve the twin goals of branding awareness and instant transformation.
The traditional escalator has three major painful points that are difficult to address, and the director of the media, Jiang Namchun, has pointed out that the advertising industry is now too keen on “precision interaction” to ignore the value of “consensual repetition” of the bottom distribution. The traditional elevator media is faced with three central pains:
(1) The effects of advertising are non-quantifiable: the head of the group media, by analogy with the “broom theory” of brand advertising, the final transformation of the consumer (buying decisions) is often attributed to the last step of marketing (the fifth), while the value of the exposure of the front brand (the first four) is difficult to quantify, making it impossible for the advertiser to assess the true contribution of advertising; focusing on the broad spectrum of the ladder.
In the traditional cpd model, media companies can only provide basic data such as location of buildings, frequency of broadcasts, failure to track user behavioral links from viewing advertisements to actual consumption, data blind areas, difficulty in quantifying advertising's true path of transformation (2): traditional methods such as scavenging need to be multi-stepped, and the increase in operational steps is often accompanied by interaction
Delays, further aggravating the drop in conversion rates. The sweep usually involves multiple operations such as "opening the camera - two-dimensional code - waiting for recognition - jumping to the page - which may then be manually confirmed", which can easily lead to loss of users. The amazon pay optimization study released by visualsoft notes that: simplify the clearing entrance, merge the field, reduce the number of hits, and increase the conversion rate most.
Simplified processes reduce transaction frictions, thus significantly increasing the rate of transformation. The technology is being improved in the escalator, and nfc technology is being put in place. The current program is the same as the q-card concept developed in the past. q-cards need text messages to be distributed, whereas nfc
The scheme is achieved by paying for the pop-up page, without the cost of texting, which reduces the cost. The cost relates only to the installation of the equipment, which is partly covered by the payment. (3) The interactive experience is weak: the physical properties of the elevator compartments, which are mostly metal material, result in space signals in the elevators.
Poor; less than 50 per cent of the country's multi-provincial and municipal elevators are receiving signal coverage, a phenomenon that is more prevalent in the second and third-line cities; moreover, the closure of the elevators and their intensive staff further weakens users' willingness to interact.
On June 24, 2025, the paying treasure and the public media officially announced that they would be connected to the national elevator scene by installing nfc “Small Blue Ring” devices on the elevator's advertising screen, and that users would unlock their mobile phones, lightly touch them, and receive a red bag, coupon, or jump to a commercial page to complete the full chain of “advertise exposure-user interaction-consumption conversion.”
The highlights of nfc technology are as follows: (1) operations are simple: when a user uses nfc “touch-touch”, it takes only three simple steps — unlocking a mobile phone screen, touching advertising devices, receiving benefits or benefits — to complete the entire conversion process, with 80 per cent cross-fertilization;
(2) No signal is required: nfc technology is not subject to the impact of elevator closures and takes full advantage of the freeness of the closed space population (3) Users are broadly fit: no additional download apps are required for all age groups, especially those seeking low-threshold interactions.
In terms of business links, this innovative interactive model has achieved a triple breakthrough: first, the extreme reduction of the interactive threshold, the shift in advertising from “passive reception” to “active triggering”, the upgrading of user behaviour from unconscious browsing to conscious decision-making, and the direct increase in flow conversion efficiency; and second, the connectivity of data links, through user behaviour labelling systems that pay for treasure ecology.
Advertisers have access to full-process data for “exploitation-interactive-release” to support data for optimisation; third, a re-evaluation of the site's value, the 1-to-2 minute fragmentation time in the elevator is converted into a “high-intentional conversion window” that upgrades the escalator from a simple brand exposure medium to a flow operating platform for “goods-on-one”.
3.3.nfc " Touchdown" strategy is on the ground: the writing building and the community are synchronized with the construction of a double-scenario coverage scene setting and moving forward: in order to accelerate the achievement of the "Work+Life" dual-scene coverage goal, the nfc " Touch Up" ladder plan will be set up in parallel with the residential community. According to the public information, the strategy will be as follows in 2025: at the end of July:
Completion of installation of 400,000 + elevator poster equipment covering core city writing buildings and communities; end of August: expansion to 600,000 to 700,000 spot posters, 200,000 to 300,000 smart screens covering the country's second-line cities; end of September: completion of full surface landing of the core city's main sites and implementation of double “work-life” coverage.
In contrast to a single scenario, where simultaneous coverage of writing buildings and dwellings can reach the mainstream urban consumers more comprehensively, the value of the ladder network is maximized by the high exposure of the high-impact and working days of high-end consumption on writing floors, as well as by the combined advantages of the wide coverage of residential communities, the high rate of reach, the low cost of cpm, and proximity to household consumption decisions.
Nfc's scalding is a deep digging of the value of the landscape in the digital transformation of the escalator industry and the re-engineering of the logic of discovery and commerce, with the core of activating the potential for flow transformation in the closed space through technological empowerment. Nfc's slamming is designed to use the time of fragmentation of the user while waiting in the elevator to stimulate immediate senses and traditional advertising.
The “passive exposure” is changed to “active transformation” and user participation is increased. 3.4. The “touch-touch-touch” core transformation site profile: eight of the eight main pathways activate the immediate transformation potential of the flow, and the “touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-the-spot scenario consists mainly of eight:
A very low operating threshold, combined with a red package, is attractive, especially in the catering, entertainment, etc. Platform activities lead to rapid consumer behaviour.
The platform can effectively increase the activity of new users and accumulate user data for follow-up marketing. Trader transactions: after users touch the advertising equipment, they jump to the commercial platform and directly complete the purchase of goods. The process from advertising to buying is shorter, and users do not need to search or switch applications.
Low shopping thresholds, and higher purchasing conversion rates, especially for commodities that consumers often buy. To shop consumption: when users touch the equipment, they take the coupon and write it off at the store and finish the offline consumption.
To the home: the user “touches” and receives a coupon, completes the purchase on-line and enjoys the delivery of goods. Breaks the traditional off-line shopping restrictions, improves the consumer’s ease of shopping, enables the consumer to buy directly on-line and obtains concessions.
Members join the brand after a "happy touch" and enjoy exclusive privileges. Through membership, brands can build their own customer databases, further improve client stickyness and loyalty, and increase the repurchase rate and long-term value of their users.
By collecting data on potential customers, businesses can conduct accurate advertising and follow-up marketing to improve customer stickyness.
Applying downloads: " Touch " , jumps to the application store, downloads and installs commercial apps. Applying, in particular, the app for dry new lines, directs users to download and install them via advertising screens, creating a more efficient user growth path and upgrading the daily dynamic " Touch on-the-spot" conversion links
It is worth noting that the central attraction of the “happy touch” function, in terms of the user’s motivation, is the Red Pack Incentive System. As an immediate reward for the first encounter, the cash bag can quickly lower the user’s participation threshold; while brands and platforms, Red Pack, continue to direct subsequent interactions and generate sustained participation.
In the future, the feature also plans to enhance user viscousity through innovative design. For example, the introduction of the philosophies, which are based on the " one touch " function to show the user constellation's current position on the day.
The aim is to further enhance the willingness of users to engage proactively through fun, personalized forms of interaction, from benefit-driven to 3.5. Touch user interaction rules and precision operating logic 3.5.1.
The first time a user touches a cash reward, with only one cash reward; the next one is based on a variety of coupons, followed by the introduction of free milk tea and other gifts in the context of business collaboration. This model increases initial participation through a cash reward, and a coupon.
It is important to note that free gifts have to be collected at the store and that when distribution is selected, the user pays for the cost of the shipment itself, which reduces the cost of the business and leads down the line to the shop. 3.5.2. The directional distribution logic optimizes efficiency and cross-renewals.
The system allows accurate and targeted distribution based on user data by excluding specific groups of people. For example, for tea products, for example, when the user is a brand member, a brand coupon is issued, and a brand discount is granted to increase efficiency through cross-diplomatic cross-promotion of cards.
Free trial drinks are distributed “on the touch” to new users in low-prevalence regions, leading to long-term rejuvenation. And the matching process depends on the data systems available at the backstage, so that users can match the nfc device in an instant, without extra time to calculate, and is highly efficient.
3.5.3. Unleashing long-term user precision and compensating for the lack of graphics from the under-line brand has limitations in reaching individual users, but increasing accuracy can be achieved through scene matching and data accumulation. While the current touch cannot be adjusted in real time for each user, it can be done through
Scene matching achieves a "thousands of squares" of coupons, for example, for coffee advertisements in Rising, which can be directed to a building with a door shop downstairs. In a touchdown mode, user preferences can be gradually identified through nfc interactive data accumulation. Compared to the unused Swiss coupon, a user will no longer be offered the brand preference; it can be based on high in the long term.
Frequent interactive data, targeted when new brands are created, and upgraded from building preferences to personal preferences. From brand matching, brands with membership systems, such as milk tea, can be used to upgrade their user labels to match accuracy.
Gaps, even the available data in Alibaba make it difficult to fully cover the identification needs of users of such underline brands, while the accumulation of “touch-and-touch” interactive data provides a new path to bridging this gap, providing vital assistance to the image analysis of users of this underline brand.
Business model innovation: “cps model” enabling local life and power providers, promising to deepen product convergence 4.1. Enhancing consumer interactions and breaking through the “hard-to-be” dilemma of brand advertising
Traditional ladders are dominated by brand advertising, most users are passively exposed to advertising information, it is difficult to interact with users, and the advertising effect is difficult to quantify. Brand advertising is centred on creating brand image, creating customer long-term awareness, and advertising owners prefer to choose mediums that can force high-frequency demand, such as elevators, but this also makes most users simply one-way.
The introduction of a crowd-to-peer “touch” model can change the inherent pattern of traditional escalator single-way exposure, enhance interaction with users, and meet the need for a combination of client effects.
With motivation, a user can get a red bag, coupon or jump to a shop to buy a page by using a cell phone to lightly divide the nfc “Small Blue Ring” next to the elevator advertising screen, a model that innovatively connects the sales chain directly, achieves a direct flow from advertising to sales, then completes the full chain of “advertisement exposure-user interaction-consumption conversion” and closes the whole chain,
Access to users from passive acceptance of information to active participation enhances the user’s interactive experience and compensates for the lack of transformational effects of traditional brand advertising. At the same time, the model allows for a synergy of effect, from a single brand advertising to a double-driver of “brand advertising + effect advertising.”
Figure 6: The stages that consumers have experienced from exposure to marketing information to the occurrence of purchasing behaviour, and the introduction of “touching” has also reduced the transformational link of advertising, helping to address the dilemma of brand advertising, which has long been difficult to quantify, and whose transformation is difficult for advertisers to track accurately.
As a result, consumers experience attention between exposure to advertising information and the purchase of goods, interest, desire, memory, purchase action, five stages, brand advertising mainly in the first four phases, distance from the consumer's ultimate purchasing behaviour, effectiveness.
The result is difficult to measure, while the effect ad focuses on promoting consumer purchasing, which leads to the creation of brand advertising as a problem. As Chairman Jiang Namchun put it, “A man eats five buns, eats five buns, fills his head, and considers the fifth bun as a basis for eating, while the first four buns are useless” for the public.
The content of many of the brand advertisements that it completed in the previous period was a central factor in earning final profits, but it was taken away by the final effect commercials because of the difficulty of attribution. “Catch” contributed to the reduction of the transformation chain and the solution of the attribution problem by optimising the path and tracking the data.
By effectively reducing the transformation path by moving consumers from the traditional route of attention to active purchases to the simplified path of “deprived cell phones - light touch devices - consumer payments”, the tipping line has enabled the first interaction between the crowd and the user, crossing the trade chain and moving closer to the end of consumption, making advertising more directly attributable. At the same time, the caps model leads to a more direct attribution.
The ability to track accurately the full-chain data from advertising exposure to consumption payments eases the pains of having to quantify the effects of advertising in elevators and helps to solve the problem of "causedness" of brand advertising.
During the pilot phase, the group has worked with several business modules in Ali's ecology, and the Treasure Treasure Buyer has been the first to land as a standard electronics market. Advertisers can issue coupons that can be transferred directly to the Treasure Treasure Purchase, using the home, after contact with the elevator, to get a red bag or a full coupon at the nfc touch, and then to the Flash Purchase Page to complete the order.
Purchases. Multiple brands, represented by joyful living, sunning, triple profit, etc., have completed the full chain of exposure, interest, leaping to the next purchase in a “one touch” scenario. In terms of data performance, a limited spot test between 5 and 25 July 2025 shows that the “one touch” has a cumulative impact.
Five hundred and fifty thousand hits, 79 per cent, and a 93 per cent pick-up, or the vast majority of users, reached the Treasure Flash page after touching. In branding, the three-treeds achieved 68.6 per cent of coupons in Hangzhou, 66.8 per cent of jumps to Shanghai, and 65 per cent of average daily activity, reflecting the strong transformation potential of “touch-touching” in a fast-out scenario.
The wealth of goods, performance efficiency and price sensitivity of the bounties are highly compatible with the instant-touching and instant-incentive mechanism of the "happening" scenario, which is expected to become an important relay position at the end of the power vendor for future-effect advertising. Combined with the payment of map data for treasure users, the distribution can also be made on a thousand-person basis depending on the identity of the users, their location and their time.
On the whole, the "hake-hall" and the "boot-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-perhaps-a-perhaps-a-perhaps-a-perhaps-a-perhaps-a-perhaps-a-been-a-been-a-been-a-been-a-been-a-been-a-bitch-a-buck-a-buck-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-a-buck-a-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-boom-a-b-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
And efficiency becomes an important player in the publicizing system. 4.2.cps model practice, with a shift from “buy exposure” to “buy conversion.” The cpd model used by traditional ladders makes advertising more difficult to quantify.
Main payments are based on surface data, such as exposure, but the direct relationship between user conversion data and input costs, such as consumption decisions, active participation, that are actually generated after advertising, is difficult to measure, making it difficult for advertisers to accurately assess the actual value of each offer, and the roi guarantee capacity is weak. This “buy out” fee logic may lead to
The misalignment of advertising resources also raises to some extent the test costs of advertisers. The "cps" model introduced the result-based payment logic into the field of coal, bringing about a shift from "buy exposure" to "buy conversion."
A direct link between behaviour and the need to only receive vouchers, registration activities, click on purchases, etc., for retroactive and efficient transformations, essentially ensures a strong correlation between advertising inputs and actual returns, effectively improves the efficiency of advertising funds and builds a more reliable roi safeguard system for advertisers.
At the same time, the caps model reduces the entry threshold for advertising through the “effects-pay” design. In the traditional cpd model, fixed-cycle high package costs tend to keep small and medium-sized enterprises with limited budgets out of the market, while in the caps model, SMEs can exercise flexibility in controlling costs based on their actual transformational effects without having to bear a substantial pre-surge.
Designing input risks directly contributes to the expansion of the range of niche advertisers, which in turn activates the demand of SMEs for advertising and creates an incremental client base for the market. 4.3. Precision of demand matching and exploitation of the potential value of ladders
The location of the cps model effectively fills the needs of local life and power company platforms. Currently, the core claims of local life service providers, such as the United States Corps, hungry, and instant retail platforms have shifted from brand exposure to precision traffic capture, requiring direct exposure to immediate consumer demand through advertising.
The main exposure type of business is different, with the “touch-touch” model focusing in depth on local life consumption and power-market transformation scenes, which, based on the advantages of the ladder to cover the community and the core life scenes such as the writing building, can effectively effect the “scenario-user-transformation” and match the platform’s flow needs. At the same time, the “touch-touch” has deepened the crowd’s presence with Ali Baba.
Cooperation in data, etc., promotes the refinement of user portraits through their dissemination techniques, thus enabling the precision of advertising content and increasing competition in the instant retail market. Large companies have increased their budgets for advertising, with major customers such as the United States, Ali, and Kyundong.
In addition, the model enables the efficient use of slot-time resources. The crowd is highly competitive in the field of escalators, and by the end of December 2024, the total number of elevator televisions and elevator poster outlets owned by the crowd had reached the end of December 2024.
3.0870 million, leading the industry. But in traditional escalator operations, part of the non-goldtime or regional advertising position is often idle due to insufficient demand from brand advertisers, and the value of resources is not fully exploited.
At the same time, the overall efficiency of the escalator ' s resources has been accompanied by the activation of untapped potential resources under the traditional model, creating a positive circle from meeting the needs of small and medium-sized clients to the growth of the platform ' s revenues, which can take full advantage of the niche in the escalator and bring more potential value to the salience.
Figure 7: In 2025, the instant retail market was very competitive, and in 2025, the instant retail market was very competitive.
The retail brand "The United States of America Flash" is officially released at 2025.4.11.
Figure 8: In 2024, the decentralized media ranked first in China ' s outdoor advertising market in 4.4. Optimizing the customer structure and activating small and medium-sized advertisers to bring about an increase in the market ' s cps model has helped to activate a large number of small and medium-sized local providers of low-frequency passenger unit prices.
Class clients are generally characterized as “budget-limited, but demand-for-transformation” and are difficult to absorb in the traditional cpd model, and the “effect-for-effect” mechanism of the cps model is well suited to their claims. The need for a ladder-for-investment by small and medium-sized advertisers has been stimulated, resulting in an optimisation of and an increase in the client structure of the ladder platform.
In the caps model, advertisers pay only for effective transformations, so that advertising prices and conversion values are closely combined, significantly lowering the entry threshold for small and medium-sized advertisers, resolving the problem of small and medium-sized customers who are less likely to be in the driver ' s seat because of their budget constraints, and activating them to be in the driver ' s seat, with the hope of reducing the dependence of the public on top customers such as large brand advertisers.
To diversify the client structure and transform it into a “size-and-size” structure, more capable of creating an incremental market through the long-tailed demand of small and medium-sized clients, opening up new growth space for the ladder platform. For example, the catering, retail, and retail industries, with rapid currents in the form of red-bag incentives, coupons, etc., their high-frequency consumption properties can continuously fill slots in slots for slots.
At the time of the launch, small and medium-sized caterers around the community can use coupons for mid-day dinner, precision to reach the residents of the community and write white collars, while raising the shop rate to a manageable cost. Local life service providers, including small and medium-sized businesses in the areas of home economics, beauty, fitness, etc., can use cps.
The precise transformation of the model, which directly links advertising to service appointments, experience coupons, etc., effectively reduces the cost of access, and the scalding of this segment of clients further enriches the escalator's client ecology.
5.1. Core measurement model: gmv, driven by "hake-hall" and advertising revenue 5.1.1. Scenario simulations. To assess the commercial potential of "hake-hall" advertising in different business scenarios, we set out the following in the calculation:
1. Number of dots. We use 2 million self-employed places as a benchmark. 2. Unit prices. To help simulate the transformation of the two core scenarios of “electric-trader transactions” and “cost-to-house”, we set two different types of unit prices: electricity-trade single-transactions are assumed to be $150, which corresponds mainly to medium-to-high.
Prices of consumer goods, such as wired goods such as escort, paper, small household appliances, are transferred to platforms such as treasure-hunting/cats through coupons, while the single transaction for shop consumption is assumed to be $20, and coupons are written off against high-frequency low-cost consumer scenes in the lower end of the line, such as tea, coffee and convenience of retailing.
Conversion rates. We set pessimistic, neutral and optimistic conversion levels, with different daily user encounters (3, 7, 10) and conversion rates (3, 5, 7) used to simulate the performance of the equipment under different flow lines and user activity. At the same time, the monthly gmv is calculated based on a 30-day business cycle and is based on this basis.
Multiplies the platform by a factor of 10 per cent (which is the proportion initially expected to draw the commission, which will increase gradually at a later stage). At this stage, the public media have not charged the commission, and will have to start charging the bill when the market matures) to measure the platform’s advertising revenue.
In the ad model, payment treasures are used as a key link between user interaction and payment, and they are also part of the income. In the calculation, we assume that the split media and payment treasures are split according to a 5:5 ratio, i.e., the split media and the payment treasure each receive 50% of the income.
From this perspective, this model is actually competing with the flow platform. And the above-mentioned division of the media into the payment treasure is a calculation assumption, which will depend on the commercial agreement between the parties.
5.1.2. Monitoring of key elements of flow realization and improvement of follow-up impact optimization measures for “haps-on-business” vouchers write-off rates is one of the core variables that has a direct impact on the transformation effect and the scale of the Platform's income.
At present, the core data still need to be validated through actual operation, with a focus on the number of users involved, the total amount of vouchers issued and, it is worth noting, the fee logic of effect advertising being potentially challenging. When conversion is more efficient, the existing model may not be able to fully release the benefits of efficiency; and when it is less efficient, advertisers may still have to pay for conversion to be easily induced.
Issuance of its concerns about the return on inputs. Therefore, the Platform will further optimize the pricing and charging mechanisms to balance the relevant benefits to facilitate sustainability of the model once core data, such as write-off rates, are clear.
The distribution media, in collaboration with the advertising of brands such as Rainsing, Teaway, Trinity, etc., have been able to achieve precision coupons in writing buildings, elevators, etc., and to increase brand interaction and write-off conversion rates. Most of these coupons are written off online, directly driving shop consumption.
The user will give priority to the platform ' s general voucher, which will drive the on-line power provider to buy conversions and form a closed-link link in a scenario where no branded voucher is available. The bottom voucher mechanism is often used in areas where no flow is concentrated or where the advertiser is not online, and the platform distributes red packages or other generic benefits in a uniform manner to ensure that the user ' s interaction experience is not interrupted.
We estimate that, of the coupons that are currently being issued, branded self-serving vouchers account for about 45%, and that the platform voucher source structure will also shift from platform-based to brand-based coupons, further enhancing the ability of interactive advertising to effect-transformation. In the early days of the bump, the flow orientation was followed by a relatively friendly percentage of smokers, with long-term room for upturns.
6. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Building media operations: the largest corporate income-earning business, benefiting from high-frequency mandatory landscapes in building elevators covering the mainstream population, as well as the ongoing urbanization process, with the largest number of pioneers and leaders in building media and
The industrialization of the ai industry is expected to achieve high efficiency and precision investment in users, gain income increment and estimation patterns, increase the proportion of maids in size, and increase the sunk market position integration and pricing power as a result of new mergers and acquisitions; and slow growth in the industry, but the penetration and maturity of impact advertisements have been sustained in the harvest.
Industrialization applications were upgraded; the increase in the proportion of small and medium-sized advertisers in 2026 and changes in the unit price structure led to a small decrease in the Māori rate, which continued in 2026; and the recovery in 2027, which focused on optimized operating efficiency and reduced subsidies.
Film studios, covering approximately 300 cities in the country. The concentration of viewers in spring holidays, national holidays, etc., is still relatively high, with warmers in spring holidays, national holidays, etc., and the steady expansion of cinema-cooperative networks.
Model effects, gradually increasing Māori rates; the penetration of new media forms such as interactive advertising, brand names, etc., will further enhance the release of single halls for profit elasticity and the cost optimization of the integration of new tides, with a medium- and long-term view of the “flash-on-the-job” rate moving up and downside market pricing rights resulting from the new wave of mergers and acquisitions. The current recovery in corporate performance is expected to benefit from short-term and medium-term gains.
Based on business model similarities, we select blue cursors and synthesic interconnections as comparable companies. Compared companies valued an average of 52.5 times Pe in 2025, compared to 20.9 times Pe in 2025, which is significantly lower than possible.
In our view, the group media are expected to integrate their innovative business with the acquisition of new media, using the caps model to effectively activate the demand of small and medium-sized advertisers, and are expected to contribute significantly to income growth in 2025-2027, while increasing the diversity of client structures. On the other hand, the group’s presence in low- and medium-level cities is supplemented by the acquisition of new media outlets.
The housing community landscape, which was restructured through cost optimization and a unified pricing system, is expected to release the value of new tidal stock assets, increase industry pricing rights, and obtain higher valuation premiums. So we gave the company a 30-fold valuation in 2025, and the economy recovered less than expected.
Aigc penetration rates fail to rise as expected, the application landscape is limited, the potential market size is not released. Industry competition increases.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the public media The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.