The main varieties are re-energized, and the rising quality of the pharmaceutical industry, the Chinese East Medical Insight Report, 16/05/18.
• A high-quality and stable-performing pharmaceutical enterprise, both business and industry, the production and circulation of pharmaceutical research and development in the East Chinese pharmaceutical business, the country-wide industrial coverage, the commercial focus of Zhejiang, the performance of the industry has increased steadily in recent years, and it is expected that the industrial sector will benefit from future health insurance adjustments, consistent evaluation, and the downfall of channels to the dominant varieties
With the new drivers, the business plate gradually eliminated the two-vote effect and maintained an overall growth rate of more than 20%. • The Acapo sugar title, the variety of research and development, the potential for diabetes, the company’s vast distribution in the field of sugar medicine, the benefits of which are growing.
The downfall continues, the market space expands, and the company’s product consistency assessment is ahead of schedule, and the market share is expected to rise. Lilarupine has started clinical trials and is ahead of schedule; new medicines such as ttp 273, hd118 are well under development; and three generations of insulin are in pre-clinical research.
In addition, the company has increased its outreach to the 100% capsule, which has been able to improve the health care classification in 17 years of health care, and has been effective as an oral therapeutic drug to avoid limiting the policy impact of injections.
The Unit, in contrast to the trend of depth 300, is characterized by market growth + health-care access restrictions driving the rapid growth of immunosuppressants, three potential health-care varieties building future elasticities, the expansion of the three main immune inhibitors benefiting markets, and the lifting of restrictions on cyclics and takmos, which facilitate the transition from transplantation to exemption.
The epidemic inhibits the expansion of the market, and the company’s immunosuppressive line is expected to continue to grow at a rate of more than 30% in the future.
• The offshore market is fast-tracked, the R & D pipelines are rich in strategic transformations The company speeds up internationalization, the Xutola is expected to get a dodage this year, and the dads of the Tacmos, Akapo sugar, da Totocin, etc., are moving in sequence. In R & D, the company also deploys innovative medicines and quality imitations.
Medicines, through both in-house research and development and License-in, have gradually made breakthroughs in the hot areas of diabetes, anti-cancer, anti-infection, and monolithic resistance, which have accelerated the transformation of companies into innovative businesses, creating a vast space for growth.
As a result of the impact of the two-count system and the loss of transfer operations, 17 years of business block growth has slowed down. Direct sales by companies are now well under way, the loss of transfer has now been offset by an expected upward trend in business performance over 18 years, and the Māori rate has increased as a result of the increase in the direct sales ratio.
Core products are priced down: core product otc is not as popular as expected; the R & D process is not as successful as expected.I. Business-cum-business polydrugs, with steady growth in performance, sales capacity (i) private polypharmaceuticals, industry-wide, business-focused Zhejiang
Founded in 1993 as the largest comprehensive pharmaceutical enterprise in Zhejiang, China Medicines Co. Ltd. brings together pharmaceutical research and development, pharmaceutical production, wholesale retailing, pharmaceutical power suppliers, pharmaceutical logistics, the health industry and covers traditional medicine, Chinese medicine, innovative medicine, medical equipment, the production of health products, and the sale and development of health products.
Fig. 1: At the beginning of its listing, China East Medical Development Corporation, with a hundred capsules as its main product, invested in the construction of the Acapo Sugar Foundation Renovation Project in April 2001 and officially entered the field of diabetes in 2002 with the exclusive acceptance of the certificate of new medicines for Acapo Sugar and Pyricone hydrochloride and related technologies.
From 2010 to 2015, the technology of dichotomies, volglebo sugar and Acapo sugar continued to grow in the field of diabetes. The company has now developed 100 capsules and diabetics at the heart of the industrial plate, immunosuppressants, antibiotics, and road-blocking anti-cancer patterns. In recent years, the company has gradually moved towards innovative drugs.
Clinical batches of dpp-4 inhibitors have also been obtained for species such as Jean Lilalupe, Majuadaloni and oral glp-1 receptor agonists.