Health insurance adjustment plus grass-roots spending to maintain corporate performance, increase R & D, Jodji, Xiaoyang.
▪ Benefiting from the restructuring of the health-care catalogue, active grass-roots markets, and the upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry. 100% of the capsules benefit from the expansion of the clinic and the expansion of the out-of-court market, with the hope of sustaining steady growth from the current sales of about $2.3 billion; Acapo sugar has been adjusted from the health-care category B to the category A, with the diabetic base taking over from year to year.
Upgrade, accelerated import substitution process is expected through consistency evaluation, with Acapose expected to maintain more than 30 per cent of the growth rate; Immunosuppressant product lines provide new growth points due to the lifting of restrictions imposed by health insurance.
In 2017, the company spent $462 million on research and development, an increase of 74.84 per cent over the previous year, and projected expenditure on research and development in 2018.
In important varieties, currently in clinical i; ttp273 has now completed clinical ii research in the United States. 2 new drugs for the Kagles 2-A and Dabarwan and Frozen-Dry Powder have received clinical approvals, and the new specifications for the Lenoxone 2-A-Purposes (15,850 mg) are about to begin a clinical trial.
Three-stage clinical programs, one-line, two-line, three-line, and more, are under way in Myvartini, and a large-scale multi-centre clinical trial is expected to take place in 2018.
In November 2017, Zhejiang Province, which is leading the company’s pharmaceutical business (about 20%), was officially introduced with a two-vote system, with the company’s transfer of more than $1 billion in business, but mainly at the revenue end. The company has also stepped up its internal layout, and the company’s future business concentration will benefit directly.
The pharmaceutical business reached 30 billion in 2020 and 50 billion in 2025, with a profit of 1 billion, with the exception of Hangzhou City, where commercial activity averaged market ownership across the province.
Increased industrial potential, q4 transfer of business flow re-routing and bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company ' s medicines, and a rich stock of varieties will lead to a rapid increase in the number of industrial plates as companies adjust their catalogues.
To develop the potential for development, the company, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, has benefited significantly from the integration of the pharmaceutical business — 201,70830 — from the policy. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Under-expected; second-line variety unit promotion, etc.; lower-than-expected development of grass-roots channels; coordinated growth in industrial commerce, with mainstream products maintaining industry leadership.
The company’s core business, a large, integrated pharmaceutical enterprise that brings together pharmaceutical research and development, the pharmaceutical industry, the distribution of pharmaceuticals, and the logistics of medicine, was listed in a deep-seated market in 2000 for $288 million. The company’s main business is the pharmaceutical industry’s production, marketing and commercial operation of medicines.
China’s Faraway Group Limited is the main shareholder of Chinese medicine, holding 41.77% of the company’s shares, the second largest share being Hangzhou East Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd., and 16.46% of the company’s shares.
Holdings and holding subsidiaries cover the industrial, service, and commercial spheres. The company’s existing main business can be broken down into two areas: pharmaceutical industry production, marketing, and pharmaceutical business.
1) The pharmaceutical industry is dominated by China and China, with four main product lines. The pharmaceutical industry consists mainly of the production and sale of raw materials and preparations, with the formulations in the main and the raw materials in the form of supplements. By 2017, operating income increased by more than 17 per cent on a year-to-year basis, and the Māori rate remained at a high level of over 80 per cent.
The company’s main controlling manufacturing subsidiary, China East, achieved operating revenues of $6.613 billion in 2017 and net profits of $13.36 billion, an increase of 21.72 per cent and 21.57 per cent, respectively, over the same period in the previous year.
In 2017, 100 capsules were the company's main formulation, with sales of more than $2 billion and a 10% increase in the same year, while Acapo's sugar was also a company star, with sales reaching $2 billion in 2017. In addition, the company market in the field of treatment of kidney diseases, diabetes, immuno-transplants, digestive tracts, etc.
In addition to continuing the four main product areas, the company has been active in improving the blood sugar of diabetics by strengthening research and development of new products, focusing on anti-cancer, super antibiotics, liver treatment, and cardiovascular care.
Xingleketone dimethylene 78.2(15 mg/50) cotrimoxone insulin formulation
2) Medicine Business - Zhejiang Province Medicine Business is in the top 10 pharmaceutical businesses in China for several years, with the size of the pharmaceutical business and market share
Zhejiang Province’s leader. The company will also be actively engaged in building core and niche industries such as Western medicine, Chinese medicine, appliances, and healthy beauty industry, through innovative business models, making full use of existing channels, sizes, and brand excellence, transforming traditional commerce into modern services, extending specialized services to production and marketing terminals, and working to provide “comprehensive medical solutions”
In 2017, corporate business revenue was $21.19 billion, an increase of 7.37 per cent over the previous year. Various subsidiaries holding shares in the company ' s total revenues developed in tandem with the business sector, with Toningbo focusing on innovation and professional promotion, with agent imports of beauty products remaining at a high growth rate of 100 per cent for the third year in a row, with a sales breakthrough in 2017.
700 million yuan; retail chains are actively involved in slow disease management, operating in community platforms, large hospital platforms and mobile medical platforms; supply chain companies rapidly develop third-party logistics operations and create an integrated management operating model across the province; and the Medical Medicines Business Network has become one of the most influential pharmaceutical b2b electric power platforms in the country, matching the provincial collection platforms as well as supporting them.
The company has established regional subsidiaries or offices in various cities and cities in Zhejiang province to be close to the market and customers and to increase market ownership.
Policies such as double-counting have facilitated the acceleration of the pharmaceutical circulation industry and opened up new opportunities for companies to increase market ownership.
Since 2011, the company ' s principal income and net profits have risen steadily, with annual operating income growing by more than 10% on a year-on-year basis, and business income growth has declined slightly in 2017 as a result of two-vote operations, resulting in a slightly lower overall growth rate of 10%. Business income is the main share of the principal income, while industrial profits are the main share of the gross profits.
Significant R & D costs to ensure that companies take advantage of future markets and increase their continued profitability. The net interest rate on corporate Maori rose in 2017, mainly because of a gradual increase in corporate industry.
Figure 10: Corporate Māori Rates & Net Interest Rate Figure 11: Corporate R&D Costs
2.1. Keeping the industry as a leader and maintaining high market ownership 100% of the capsule is a star product of Chinese medicine, consisting mainly of fermented winter insect summer herb powder, which is a medium-forming drug supplement. In 2016, 100% of the capsules were sold over $2 billion a year, and we estimate that in 2017 100% of the capsules were sold to 23%.
The main market rivals of 100% of the capsules are credible gold-water-bore capsules for the benefit of the people, 100% of Qing Haiju Peaks, and the spiritual capsules of the long-spring drug. Among them, the lowest-priced silicon capsules do not pose a threat to the long-term position of the 100% capsules because of their low market share.
The top competitor of the 100% capsule should be the slightly lower-priced gold-water capsule, and the pdb data show that sales of the 2015-2017 gold-water capsules continued to decline, the market share declined, and sales of the 100% capsules remained on the rise, showing strong competitive power and good competition patterns.
2.2. The adjustment of the National Health Insurance promotes further market exposure 100% of the capsules are prescribed and unprescripted between medium and medium, with the effect of rehydration of the kidneys of the lungs, salivation and cough control. In October 2015, the State published its Opinions on the Control of Unjustified Increases in Health Care Costs in Public Hospitals and the introduction of new doctors
The catalogue, the 100% capsule, which is transplanted by neoplasm-assisted drugs (Category B) for organ resistance, kidney failure and lung fibrosis, has been adjusted to be a “gas-blood double supplement” free of paramedical restrictions, and is now widely used in hospital kidneys, respiratorys and transplants.
As the restrictions on the use of health-care aids are lifted, 100% of the capsules will be widely used in other classes. Health-care policies drive further market exposure of 100% of the capsules, meaning that future markets will have greater potential and sales.
The market for medicines at the grass-roots level is large and the distribution channels are further sunk. The market for medicines at the grass-roots level has the potential to grow faster than at the end of public hospitals. In 2017, the domestic market for medicine terminals grew by 7.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with public hospitals accounting for 68 per cent of the total, with the highest market share, but controlled by public hospitals.
After more than three years of project construction, Jiangdong I became operational in July 2016, resulting in an overall shift of company fermented winter worm summer herb powder to Jiangdong base.
The project base, using the smart production self-control system and the automated warehouse management system, automates production process monitoring, data collection and alarms, halves staffing, increases in per capita labour efficiency, increases production capacity by one-fold compared to the previous workshop, and secures annual production of 1,200 tons of winter summer herb powder from 100 million capsule raw materials, which has been effectively addressed.
The solution to the problem of insufficient capacity in the long term has allowed the marketing of 100% capsules to be further expanded, and the company, using the branding effects and therapeutic slogans already available in the 100% capsules, has stepped up its efforts to reach the Otc market on the basis of the consolidation of the public hospital market in large cities.
Using the branding effect of 100% of products and therapeutics, a full-time team has been set up to expand the national market for otc and self-funded patients. The otc market sales team is now in place, with 200 people in strategic reserves, and the sales team will expand further in 2018 and 2019, mainly to upgrade the county level.
The ratio of hospital to community hospital operations and market contribution rates. Health insurance catalogues are adjusted to the Acapo sugar, which contributes to grass-roots operations 3.1. The market for diabetes is in high demand, and sales at the grass-roots level are the main growth point in the future
According to idf data, the global number of diabetes patients (20-79 years old) reached 425 million in 2017, up from 2000 to 2000. The number of diabetes patients in 2017 was 114.4 million, the world ' s largest. This figure is expected to reach 119.8 million in 2045. The large patient base has created a huge demand for treatment drugs.
The demand for Acapose is expected to grow steadily and the market is promising. The data from the annual edition show that 36.5% and 32.2% of type 2 diabetes are known and treated, respectively, in 2013.
Increased demand for oral drugs for type 2 diabetic treatment, with increased knowledge and treatment rates. Figure 20: Diabetes II knowledge, treatment and control rates. Distribution of diabetic patients shows a slightly higher incidence in urban areas and a slightly higher incidence in rural areas than in rural areas.
The demand for Acapoo sugar in basic hospitals is growing more rapidly. Diabetes accounts for an increasing proportion of the population. According to the distribution of diabetic drugs on the public health-care market in 2013-2016, the share of urban public hospitals has declined year by year, from 64.40% in 2013 to 2016.
55.69% of public hospitals and urban communities at the county level have risen significantly, with 5.44% and 2.96 percentage points, respectively, rising in 2013-2016. The trend towards the sinking of the diabetes market is evident.
The hospital preferred the original medicine produced by Bayer, and China and the Middle East grew relatively slowly in large hospitals, but the primary hospitals below level II grew much faster than Bayer. In 2017, we were expected to account for about a third of Acapo sugar sales, and the company has been pushing forward with marketing reforms in recent years. There are 500 full-time Acapo sugar sales workers, covering the entire spectrum.
At the same time, the company is expanding its grass-roots marketing team, promoting channels, and the future, Acapose still has much room at the grass-roots level and in the community, and sales are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
In February 2017, a new version of the health insurance was published, in which Akapo sugar was raised from class B to category A, with a significant increase in the reimbursement rate. At that time, the number of new provinces in China and China rose from 23 to 29, and the number of new provinces in Beijing, Hebei, Liaoning, Zhejiang, Fujian and Tibet, respectively.
As seen above, after the introduction of new health insurance in the first quarter of 2017, the second quarter of Acapose Sugar in East Central China rebounded, rising from 1.42 per cent to 9.8 per cent. The fourth quarter of 2017 saw a decline in ring growth, but in 2016, the volume of sample hospital sales increased by $11.24 million compared to the same year, a rapid increase of 16 per cent.
Figure 23: Quarterly sales and circular growth rates of Acarbo sugar in East Central America are an oral drop-in drug whose effect is a reversible combination of alpha-glucose enzyme in competition between the upper part of the intestines and the nest sugar, which slows the absorption of intestinal glucose, thus easing the post-dinner high blood sugar.
His oral meth or insulin combination is used for insulin-dependent or non-insulin-dependent diabetes, and because of the special nature of Akapo sugar and its fermented raw materials development, the cost of research and development and testing of medicines is high and there are relatively high technical and financial constraints. Currently, there are only three major competitors in the market: Bayer, Central China, and Sichuan Green.
Since then, China has been growing in the amount and market share of Acapose sugar. Central China’s share of the market in 2017 was 29%, an increase of 1.8 percentage points over 2016.
Acapose is an oral formulation that is more dependent than other diabetic treatment injections. Acapose sugar has an absolute price advantage compared to the main competition against the handbail, and the average price of Acapo sugar is much lower than Bayel and allows for import substitution. The company's exclusive Acapo chewing is more in line with the country's eating habits.
The price of the Acapo chewers is 80.7 (50 mg) more than original research 59.82, and one step is to boost the company’s product collection. 3.3. Consistency evaluation is ahead of schedule, and policy is expected to benefit.
The Akapo Sugar Consistency Evaluation was declared early in 2018 in Central America, and was officially accepted on 9 April, and is currently under review and approval. There are currently nine Be-tested Akapo Sugar tests, but only one in China is in the process.
4.1. The number of cases of organ transplantation in the country is increasing year by year, and the market for transplant surgery is promising.
Open space. The steady growth in the number of stem cell transplants over the last 15 years is ample evidence of the sudden rise of the organ transplant city, from 32 stem cell transplants in 2002 to 6198 stem cell transplants in 2016.
At the same time, the number of organ donation cases increased from 34 in 2010 to 4080 in 2016, a factor of 120. According to data published by the Chinese Organ Transplant Development Fund, 16,223 cases of organ donation after the death of citizens had been accumulated in mainland China as at 11 March 2018, 45.7 million organs had been donated, and organ donors had volunteered.
In 2020, China is expected to be the world’s largest transplanting country. The annual increase in organ transplants will certainly lead to increased sales of immunosuppressants.
The market for immunosuppressants in the country has more than a dozen drugs, with the top three currently in the city being Tacmos, and whether to replace wheat esters and eptocin. The overall market for immunosuppressants has increased year by year, reaching 2,727 million yuan in 2017, the corresponding growth rate being 14.02%.
As a leader in the domestic immunosuppressant market, China’s largest immunosuppressant drug research and development base, and China’s largest pharmaceutical base, import substitution has accelerated in recent years. The share of Chinese medicine in immunosuppressive cities has increased steadily over the years, from 16.73% in 2012 to the third largest in 2017.
Of these, in 2017, the market was 22.46%, 34.88%, 48.43%, and the market was higher than that of former researcher Novartis.
The relatively low price of the company's immunosuppressive products compared to the price of the original researcher in different provinces of the country is another competitive advantage of the company, which can help the company to further promote the process of import substitution, achieve a sustained product supply of 4.3. Health-care cut-off provides a new point of growth, and his Kemo Division's overseas certification opens up international markets.
Immunosuppressants have always been corporate strong as a second-line variety of companies, benefiting from the elimination of restrictions on immunosuppressants from new national health insurance, higher growth in corporate immunosuppressants, and greater scope for company expansion in the field of treatment of new adaptive immune systems.
In 2017, the company ' s sample hospital for general immunosuppressive products amounted to 735 million yuan, representing a growth rate of 19.27 per cent in comparison with the previous year, of which the sales of his komoh, McKophenol and epoxy were 245 million yuan, 268 million yuan and 219 million yuan, respectively, representing a growth rate of 21.34 per cent, 21.68 per cent and 14.64 per cent respectively.
The company's immunosuppressant product, Tacmo, was successfully completed in the first half of 2017 as a clinical laboratory study overseas, and is actively seeking accreditation from the United States' fda-anda, which is expected to be processed in the first half of this year.
The drug certification will significantly improve the competitiveness of the domestic market, create opportunities and conditions for exports, and provide advantages for product bidding and re-arrangement, which will continue to grow in sales.
Figure 39: Companies selling and increasing the speed of McCorb ester sample hospitals Figure 40: Companies selling and increasing the speed of epoxy sample hospitals.
5.1. The increasing cost of R & D and the establishment of overseas institutions to drive the corporate internationalization strategy process The company continues to increase its R & D investment, significantly improves its R & D capacity and efficiency, and invests in expanding its range of research in order to win competitive advantages in R & D and in the quality of its technology. Total expenditure on R & D in 2017 amounted to $462 million, an increase of 74.84 per cent.
The pharmaceutical industry received 6.95% of the revenues in 2017, which strongly supported corporate R & D projects and innovation progress, with firms investing in upgrading existing product processes, technical services, consistency evaluation, clinical costs of R & D products, purchase of reagents, international registration certification, etc. Under the guidance of a development strategy for internationalization and innovation transformation, companies will accelerate new production.
In March 2018, the company established scientific offices in Silicon Valley, San Francisco, United States of America, and Boston, respectively. The establishment of scientific offices helped the company to strengthen international exchanges to understand and track advanced drug research and development techniques abroad.
The latest developments in technology and new drug research and development, the exploration of opportunities for research and development and cooperation on innovative drugs and projects, the promotion of overseas market certification and the active role in marketing expansion, and the further development and refinement of corporate internationalization strategies.
Through research and development of new products, companies have continued to deploy four traditional areas of advantage: chronic kidney disease, immunosuppressants, diabetes and gastrointestinal tract drugs, and have been active in expanding four new areas of anti-cancer, cardiovascular treatment, anti-heavy infections, monodrugs, and accelerating the transition from generic to innovative drug research and development models.
Accelerating the formation of a cluster of products in the eight main product areas. In 2017, the company ' s priority research and development project progressed well, with the production approval of Chinese medicine pills, a net two-mixed capricorn and two new clinical approvals for dabarwan and frozen dry powder, and a new specifications for a double-mixed platinum module.
15,850 mg) Clinical approvals are about to begin. The Myhuatoni and the film are the third generation of egfr-tki, a highly selective and effective new-generation target-oriented drug to counter egfr-tki's access to t790 m resistance, have now completed the I phase of clinical trials, and three-stage clinical programmes are under way, one-line, two-line, three-line and more than three-line ii.
A large-scale multi-centre clinical trial is expected to take place in 2018.
A new pharmaceutical institute belonging to the Hangzhou East Pharmaceuticals Group, but with its successful development, it was agreed that exclusive ownership would be transferred to companies or companies affiliated with them. In 2018, the core task of research and development was to complete 20 pre-clinical statements and obtain more than 10 new product production approvals by the end of 2020.
One innovative drug of the kind that has been granted China’s interests; (3) two to three formulations are internationally registered each year; (4) one major pharmaceutical technology or one major technical equipment is imported every year to a minimum. 5.3. Diabetes development and development of drugs in a variety of colours, consolidating the leading role in the field of diabetes
(1) Lilalupi--glp-1, leading the country in research and development, Lilalupi, as a heavy-pound product of the company, is used mainly for the treatment of adult type 2 diabetes. In June 2017, the company agreed to transfer the first clinical approval in Lidolupi, which acquired nine sources of genes.
Similarly, during the first six years of having successfully received and marketed the new drug technology from Jean Lilalu, Hangzhou Central American East Pharmaceuticals Ltd., 3% of the net sales of its related products are to be withdrawn and paid for the use of the technology from Hangzhou Nine Sources Genetic Engineering Ltd.
One clinical trial was successfully conducted, and we expect to complete one clinical session in 2018 and complete all clinical work in 2019-2020, with the onset of accommodative treatment in mid-2018. Lilarupine as glp-1 receptor agonist, new target for product action, precise therapeutic effects, low risk, and research and development
Production is more difficult, with a promising new drug for type 2 diabetes treatment. Lilarupine sold the third-largest sugar drug globally in 2017, amounting to $3.541 billion globally.
By 2022, the market share of diabetics in glp-1 will increase from 14% to 22%. According to clinical declarations, the only companies currently receiving clinical approvals are the nine-source genes and Hanwoo drugs under the Chinese drug flag.
The Hanwoo Pharmacy industry differs in terms of its technical route and research, as well as its nine-source genes. At present, Lilaru Peng is relatively competitive.
Another heavy-pound species of more than $1 billion in diabetes after Capo sugar. (2) h118 - dpp-4 inhibitor, with a clear potential for exclusive clinical approval of hd118 in the country, belonging to the dpp-4 inhibitor, is the company's new drug for type 2 diabetes.
In 2014, technology was transferred to Sino-medinational in the United States and China. According to data released in 2010 from the International Multi-Centre II Clinical Trials, hd118 Clinical II Clinical Trials show that it has not worked in comparison with Sigletin, the second-largest degenerative drug sold worldwide (with dpp-4 inhibitor).
There is a slight difference, and there are no serious and high-impact adverse effects, and the market for drugs has a high potential. At present, hd118 films have been approved in only the East of Central America and China, without any declarations from other manufacturers. dpp-4 inhibitors were sold on the domestic market at $281 million in 2017, with an annual growth rate of 30%.
Over and above. In 2016, the Chinese public health-care end-use oral blood sugar drug top 20, the dpp-4 inhibitor drugs were ranked 12, 16, 18 and 20, respectively, respectively, with Sigretin and Shargletin selling more than 100 million yuan, with growth rates exceeding 20 per cent in 2016, while Ligletin was ranked 12, 16, 18 and 20 in 2013.
Fastest variety. The dpp-4 unilateral species are included in the new version of the 2017 national health insurance catalogue and are expected to bring a steady cash flow to the company as doctors and patients are expected to be listed in 2020. (3) ttp273 — a major breakthrough for the company License-in, a clinical iib study in the United States has been completed
ttp273 is the first global glp-1 oral agent used to treat type 2 diabetes. In December 2017, the company obtained an exclusive licence from the United States company vtv for intellectual property and commerce in 16 countries and territories, including China and Australia, where the patent is authorized until 2030. tttp273 is currently clinically completed in the United States.
In 2016, according to the Minet data, the country ' s diabetes market accounted for 59.63% of the oral type, the main route of treatment for diabetes, and 43.07% of the syringe market.
The ttp 273 product, with its greatest bright spot, is a small molecular non-peptide oral agent type, which can complement and cover more of the patient ' s needs with the strength of the agent type; at the same time, the product may be on the market later than the Lilalu injection, using time differences to provide a market basis for oral ttp273 products; and is more conducive to taking over more regional cities under lower competitive dynamics and cost advantages.
6. There are good opportunities for pharmaceutical commerce, rich in multi-field layouts, 6.1. The Zhejiang commercial market is entrenched, and the two-vote system has been adjusted and gradually rebounded.
(i) Increase the opening rate at the grass-roots level in the province, the two-vote accelerated trade shuffling industry The company leads Zhejiang province (about 20 per cent) in its pharmaceutical business, and regional subsidiaries or offices have been set up in all municipalities in the province, with the formation of two major modern logistics centres in Zhebei and Zhenan Wenzhou, supported by Lake County, Shaochen, Ningbo,
The logistics of regional affiliates such as Lei Shui are accompanied by a province-wide logistics distribution system, with a total of 118,000 square metres of warehouse space. The Department’s operations have had an impact of more than $1 billion, but mainly at the end of revenue, with less profit-side impacts.
The company’s market coverage and competitiveness in the Nakayama area has been enhanced by the full integration of the company’s network of companies, such as Chinadong Medico Co. Ltd. and Chinadong Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., which is dedicated to innovation and specialization, continues to work in the fields of medical beauty and health, while the proxy imported beauty products, Yvonne, are in the market.
The “two votes” triggered a major change in the field of medicine circulation, leading pharmaceutical business leaders into the peak merger period of the “big fish eat small fish.” The introduction of the two votes system will make industry size more visible, and concentration is expected to accelerate.
In August 2017, after the two-vote system was officially introduced throughout Zhejiang province, the business landscape in the province was about to change. The company actively launched a “weaving network” operation to improve the distribution chain layout of the province of the business in Huadong, to speed up the acquisition negotiation process, and has completed the negotiation and signing of an intention to restructure the stockholding of the Chinese Medical Corporation in the Shoshan region and the Tianshan Medical Corporation.
Business expansion and cooperation in other parts of the country is also taking place. Building on existing operations, the company has made significant efforts to expand the market share of basic and private hospitals, regional distribution ratios and intra-hospital ratios to assist manufacturers in their market access and re-arrangement efforts.
Millions of dollars, with sufficient cash flows, are expected to contribute to the expansion of domestic grass-roots lending and internationalization. In the long run, the two-vote system is conducive to expanding the company’s share of hospital net sales, accelerating the company’s acquisition of small and medium-sized dealers in Zhejiang, and increasing the market share of pharmaceutical distribution.
(b) The new platform for the procurement of medicines, known as the “third stream” in Zhejiang province, began organizing 15 medical institutions to pilot the procurement of medicines on the new platform, and became fully operational on 1 July in the pilot hospital.
Establish a unified provincial drug joint procurement control account, oversee the hospital’s procurement account, call the purchase account to the control account within 30 days after the receipt of the drug examination, and pay the next day the new “triple one” platform of the Zhejiang Pharmaceutical Procurement Centre, all of which will be refunded for 30 days.
Strict implementation would greatly improve the liquidity efficiency of commercial companies, which would be strengthened by increased concentration under a more stringent cost-control policy. 6.2. Innovative business models to build new business enterprises
(1) The steady development of markets for the circulation of traditional medicines and the emergence of pressing demand for medicines, along with the implementation of the “Healthy China” strategy and the “13th Five” deepening of the reform of the pharmaceutical health system, the complex and changing economic situation at home and abroad, as well as the increasing competition in the market, pose enormous challenges and challenges for the country's medicine circulation industry.
In 2016, there was a steady increase in the volume of sales in the drug-flowing sector, a slight increase in the rate of sales, and a steady increase in the market for medicines in the province of Zhejiang, which in 2016 saw a steady increase in the volume of sales in the drug-flowing sector, at a rate of 9.04 per cent. Revenues of $21.6 billion, an increase of 7.45 per cent over the same period, decreased; the Māori rate was 7.31 per cent.
At present, the legal framework and monitoring system in the field of drug circulation are largely in place, and the ability to guarantee the supply of medicines has increased significantly. Linkage and centralization have become two of the most important features of China’s drug circulation industry. As the two-vote system has been implemented, the allocation has gradually declined, and the level of Māori has risen, from 6.70 per cent in 2013 to 7.00 per cent in 2016.
Large-scale pharmaceutical wholesalers have increased their sales faster than the industry average, but at a slower rate. In 2016, wholesalers grew by 14.1% compared to the previous 100 years, a 1.5 percentage point decline in income from their main business.
In recent years, as national economic development and the standard of living of the population have increased, population growth and ageing have led to rising demand in the domestic health market, rising incomes have increased the population’s ability to consume medicines and chronic diseases have also increased.
The demand for medicines has increased, and the overall demand for medicines is good. We expect that in the future, multiple factors will together contribute to the continued growth of demand for medicines and the expansion of the pharmaceutical circulation industry. (2) Optimizing the business layout and transforming integrated health enterprises.
By 2020, China will be the largest country with 230 million elderly people, with a healthy industry worth more than 10% of the gdp. State policy guides, markets have multiple advantages, and the government will encourage the deep integration of social capital and health-care institutions, and will jointly promote the development of health in China.
In the US, family and community health services account for the largest share of health-care services, 50%, followed by hospital care, 19%. In China, hospital health services and medical commodities dominate, at 95%, and out-of-school care still has a significant growth space in China.
In the context of the new era, there are both opportunities and challenges for a healthy industry. On the basis of its current business leadership in Zhejiang Province, which has a strong capacity for hospital coverage, factory cooperation and distribution, the company has moved forward to extend to greater health and is committed to becoming a new type of “comprehensive medical solution”
Businesses. Businesses in China explore the links between high-end home-based ageing and beauty services. Chart 56: Distribution of medical businesses in China. 6.3. Successful transition representative - lg urinary acid agent.
China East Pharmaceuticals Ningbo Ltd., a Chinese pharmaceutical holding company, has gained 10 years of exclusive marketing power for the Korean LG Life Sciences Company, Yvonne, to join the medical beauty industry. As China’s overall agent for Yvonne Pinco acid in Korea, there are now more than 800 co-operative medical beauty agencies.
According to the data, the consumption of medically produced products in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, accounted for 15 per cent of the consumption, followed only by Shanghai in the comparison of individual cities; at the same time, the incidence of medical porcephalic acid is 32 times, it is more frequent than that of thin-faced and white, and it is the injection type dominated by porcephalic acid, which is becoming the central driving force behind the rapid development of the health-care industry.
Figure 58: Net profits from Ningbohua
Increased consumer awareness and the upgrading of health technologies are expected to usher in a rapid expansion of the medical health market over the next 10 years, providing sufficient impetus for the health industry in China.
In the pharmaceutical industry of companies, 100% of the capsules and Acarbo sugar sales are over 2 billion yuan, and with the restructuring of the health-care catalogue and the construction of grass-roots markets at heavy points under the company channel, it is possible to maintain the current steady growth rate, with the immunosuppressant product line medicine providing new growth points, the product itself being competitive and with clear synergies, we estimate that it is now 1 billion.
Business blocks, redeployment of business impacts, have been largely eliminated, benefiting from a two-vote increase in concentration, taking full advantage of the company’s leading position in the pharmaceutical commercial market in Zhejiang, and constantly innovating business models to build new business enterprises. Business growth is expected to rebound this year, while promoting overall performance growth through business linkages.
(1) The expansion of the market for promotional agents in the capsule room has steadily advanced, with the gradual release of new production capacity; (2) the Acapose sugar has benefited from the adjustment of the health-care catalogue, the sinking of its channels and the gradual increase in its use at the grass-roots level. (3) The immune suppression line has benefited from the growth of the overall organ transplant market, with the three varieties maintaining the current growth trend.
4. The company’s revenue from its business operations is gradually rebounding after a two-vote adjustment. The company has gradually increased its efforts to develop and introduce varieties, and the space for future development has been raised. We therefore believe that the company estimates that the rich stock of varieties provides the potential for its future development, and that the company is a regional hub for the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province.
Business integration of medicines is a significant benefit of the policy. Therefore, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. 1) 100% of capsules, Acapose sugar sales are below expectations: hospital fees, controlled auxiliary drugs, 100% of capsule sales, lower than expected risk of sales, and lower than expected risk of grass-roots market expansion.
2) The bidding for medicines is lower than expected: in some provinces, the collection of medicines has not yet been completed, there is a lower than anticipated risk that the product will be awarded less than expected, and in those provinces that have already won less than expected. 3) Business is lower than expected: there is a lower than expected risk that the commercial operation of medicines will be affected by the double vote system.
4) New drug research and development is less than expected: companies compete for diabetic drugs and there is a risk that research and development progress will be lower than expected.