The only high-end connector company in the country with both light, electricity and fluid connector technology is the second largest country in the world.
In parallel with the further expansion of the defence and new energy car connector markets, the year has seen an increase in overseas market expansion and new products Industrialization: radio frequency and photovoltaic connector support 5g the first 5g commercial network worldwide, 25g high-end backboard connection, circulation capital (million shares)
New products such as commercial scale, high-end industrial robust engineering, vpx systems and liquid cold solutions, such as high-end backboard links to 56gbps, are expected to open up further civil infrastructure markets, such as communications/data centres, and a combination of cards and products for a number of high-growth civilian markets are expected to drive a new round of corporate growth.
In 2018, growth remained positive, q4 or the release of apparent profits; in the first three quarters of 2018, revenue was 5,775 million yuan, an increase of 28.34 per cent in the previous quarter, resulting in a net return of 697 million yuan, an increase of 10.75 per cent in the same year, of which 49.31 per cent was increased by the same year as the q3 season, and 23.42 per cent by the same quarter, an increase in the previous two quarters.
Overall, in the third quarter of 2018, new energy vehicles, connections to 5g and light communications, etc. The sales of civilian products increased faster, the share of defence products declined, the growth of new business made the company more rational and risk-resistant, but the growth of competition in traditional markets and the rise in the share of the population slightly reduced the Māori ratio.
The market for high-value new energy car connectors has continued to grow rapidly: the production of new domestic energy vehicles in the first 11 months of 2018 reached 1.05 million vehicles, an increase of 63.63% over the same period, and sales of 1.02 million, an increase over the same period.
68%, an estimated 1.2 million vehicles in 2018 and a promising 1.6 million in 2019. At the same time, with new energy and intelligence trends, the number of bicycle connectors and the performance of connectors will increase significantly. Traditional cars are weak, while new energy cars require high voltage, large currents, and traditional connectors are more difficult to transform.
China’s PV is based on military technology and has accumulated for almost 10 years in the field of new energy vehicle connectors, with long-term deep cooperation with autonomous brand companies such as Chiré, Jiang Huai, Biadei, Woo-Tung, and China’s leading companies, with market share. At the same time, companies are actively expanding international markets, and have gained access and access to many well-known overseas car companies.
Ordering, laying the groundwork for companies to enter the international market. One billion high-speed backboard connector markets are scarce national producers: high-speed backboard connectors have a $10 billion market space, 25g and above have been dominated by Western companies such as Moss, Anfino, Teco and others, and are now in the process of being captured by Western companies.
The company ' s 25g high-speed backboard connector project, which has received tens of millions of orders in the field of defence through a nuclear high-base inspection, has received a number of orders in the field of defence, and has received several successful breakthroughs and small bulk deliveries from several leading communications companies, which are moving faster than expected, within the country.
There are no strong competitors in the market who are expected to share the multiple dividends of technological upgrading in the field of defence, growth in the data and communications industry, 5g-based medium-flight luminous performance in the medium to long-term, high-end construction, transfer of value of data and communication connectors, and substitution of national production.
56gbps high-speed backboard connector successful in winning the National Industrial Power Project to lay the foundation for sustainable development. Medium optic power: the civil-military market needs both, new capacity to help produce cold systems cut into large-scale data centres and super-counted markets; with cloud computing, big data, especially artificial intelligence.
China has made a significant contribution to the creation of new production capacity, and subsidiaries are expected to be able to innovate in technology, to absorb a large number of data centres for computing and storage, and to be more efficient in meeting business development needs. In solving the problem of evaporation of high-heat density data centres, liquid cooling has traditional data centres.
China Oceanic Light Power: Downstream demand for civilian and military goods is strong, with the first half of the year running, the market size of the global liquid cold data centre will be $4.55 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 27.7 per cent.
The scarcity of products, we maintain the company’s buy-a rating. Progress or results are less than expected, or the company’s share in key clients is falling or losing, making the company in the future.
Income growth in key sectors has fallen short of expectations; increased trade friction between the United States and the United States has had a negative impact on the export of corporate products, resulting in less than expected growth in firms ' overseas operations; increased competition, lower prices for products, lower rates for products such as company new energy vehicles, and a higher than expected decline in the Māori rate, resulting in less than expected growth in corporate profitability.
A connector is a power element that connects, disconnects or converts circuits or light channels by means of a telecommunications signal or a light signal and mechanical force that transmits a signal or electromagnetic energy, and maintains that there is no signal loss or energy loss between the system and the system.
Connectors, connectors, have been widely applied in the fields of aviation, space, military equipment, communications, computers, automobiles, industry, appliances, etc., and the global market for connectors, of almost $70 billion, has grown into one of the pillars of electronic information base products. (i) Classification of connectors
Connectors can be divided into: (1) internal connection connectors for chip encapsulation: (2)ic connection connectors to pcb, typical products such as the ic plugin;
(3) Print circuit boards for connection connectors to conductors or printed circuit boards, typically such as printed circuit board connectors; (4) for linkers to base panels, typically such as machine cabinet connectors; and (5) for connection to equipment, typically such as circular connectors.
Depending on the technical characteristics of the connector, the connector can be divided into an application-type connector and a standard connector. The application-type connector consists mainly of a car connector and a military-industrial connector, the application-type connector is largely customized as required, and the design capability of the connector manufacturer is higher; The standard connector design is fixed and a model connector is usually used in multiple locations, and the connector manufacturer has a bulk-to-mass capacity.
Cost control and quality control requirements are high, by application pattern and technical characteristics: connectors have telecommunication links (low voltage weak currents), radio frequency connectors (wireless, coaxes, etc.), electrical connectors (high voltage major currents) for applications such as new energy vehicles, light signal transmissions, etc.
Connections are driven by progressive dynamics such as consumer electronics, new energy vehicles and autopilots, network applications, data centre construction, proximity of 5g construction, and upgrading of traditional defence technology.
(ii) Market space in the connector industry as a whole is in a growth cycle. (ii) As of 2017, the global connector market was about $63 billion and is expected to be close to $70 billion in 2018.
China has become the world’s largest hub for connector production, with rapid growth in overall manufacturing levels, and markets growing year by year, becoming the most promising and fastest growing region. The domestic market is nearly $20 billion, and its share has gradually increased from 20.9% in 2008 to 30%. And with the rise of the downstream mobile phone, communications, cloud computing, ai, and intelligent driving industries, home-grown enterprises.
(iii) Global distribution of the connector industry chain; United States: connector standard setters, global in terms of patents, basic technology, design, applications, market occupancy rates, etc.
Leadership, global top3 companies, Teco, Anfino, Moss, all American companies, with 35% global connectivity market, covering all industries such as communications, data centres, automobiles, space engineering, medicine, consumer electronics, etc. Europe and Japan: leading on basic materials (copper alloys, plastic materials), advanced model design, high-precision impulses, etc.
Taiwan and mainland China: Taiwan’s connector industry, which began early as computer-based and sophisticated manufacturing, has gradually been overtaken by the continent in recent years by the mobile phone industry, with its advantages in manufacturing links, low costs, and a full complement, with a breakthrough in the computer and cellular supply chain.
At the mid-to-low end of the consumer electronic applications sector, market ownership has exceeded 50%, leading producers have made breakthroughs in the data and communications market, and efforts have been made to expand the market for large-scale connectors such as new energy cars and auto-drive cars.
Accomplishments. National producers are expected to achieve a gradual penetration of high-end markets in the context of domestic demand booms, the rise of domestic downstream producers, autonomous and global industrial shifts. (iv) Market structures in the connector sector
Connectors have a wide range of applications, with three major areas: automobiles, telecommunications and data communications, consumer electronics (including computers, mobile phones, home appliances, etc.) accounting for more than two thirds of the connectionr market, and are expected to account for more than eight percent of the connectionr market in the future, with domestic connectors mostly based on consumer electronic connections.
New energy vehicles, data and communications are the high-value market for connector markets, high technology and quality thresholds, high integration, interface speed, reliability requirements, and better product Maori.
The Chinese PV profession is engaged in the development, production, sale and servicing of medium- and high-end light, electricity, fluid connectors and related equipment, as well as in the development, production, marketing and servicing of interconnectivity technology solutions for systems, with products widely applied in the fields of aviation, space and defence, as well as in the areas of communications and data transmission, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, consumer electronics, industry, energy, medical care, smart equipment and high-end civilian manufacturing such as robots.
(i) Leadership in the field of defence connectors, with sustained growth in the scale of performance, which currently differentiates company operations by type of product between the four main lines of operations, namely, connectors, optical devices and photovoltaics, cable formation and integrated products and fluids, gears and other products, while consolidating the leading position of the military market, expanding the public goods market, communications, communications, communications, etc.
New energy vehicles, inter-trading, and head-to-head customer resources within the industry are visible. With increased investment in the defence budget, rapid growth in the communications industry, and growth in the new energy automobile industry, companies are earning more and more on the basis of their technological and product innovation advantages in the industry.
Figure 4: Main operating income and speed of companies, 2011-2017. The company is the only specialized company in the country with both light, electricity, fluid connectors and integrated technology development and production, and is the second largest and largest producer of defense connectors in the world, with complete pilot systems for connection technology development, manufacturing and testing.
A full range of technology solutions for civil-military connectivity can be made available, in terms of the size of revenue and profits generated by a listed company and industry, as well as the firm ' s (ii) level of profitability, cash flow performance is subject to fluctuations in downstream repayments The Māori ratio of the product lines of the company ' s connectors, optical devices and cable components has been less volatile over the years and has contributed more to Māori than the Māori.
As a result, the overall Māori rate of companies is less volatile and remains at over 30 per cent; as compared with industry, the nature of the products and the competitive dynamics of the connectors vary considerably from one company to another, and the Māori rate of companies varies considerably from one company to another, with companies at a higher level than the same industry, mainly for company connector products.
In the area of defence, such as aviation, space, ships, and weapons, the product is dominated by small, multi-package customized products, with a higher combined Māori rate. Companies perform similar rates in net interest rates to Māori, while China Phototoms’ net interest rate is steadily rising year by year, more robust than in the same industry.
Figure 13: Comparison of the Māori ratio of major connector manufacturers in a share, Figure 14: Comparison of net interest rates of major connector manufacturers in a share
Net negative, mainly as a result of the apparent seasonal nature of the repatriations in the military industry, which were mostly concentrated in the fourth quarter and spring spring supply, and the higher concentration of payments by commercial suppliers. Cash outflows from corporate investment activities were mainly to meet the development needs of the company and were used to build construction in progress, fixed assets, and intangibles.
Cash paid for assets and other long-term assets, cash paid for investments, and net cash paid by subsidiaries and other business units.
In terms of international business development, companies have been strengthening their overseas marketing channels, opening up the United States data centre market, entering the international telecommunications giant supply chain, with good growth in overseas income, reaching $322 million in the first half of 2018, a 25.08 per cent increase compared to the previous year, slightly higher than the domestic revenue growth rate (17.58 per cent), which represented 8.99 per cent of total income, and continued to rise over the same period last year.
(iv) Growth remained positive in 2018, with q4 or profit-seeking q4 attaining revenue of $5.775 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 28.34 per cent in the same year, net return to the mother of $697 million, an increase of 10.75 per cent in the same year, a growth of 49.31 per cent in the third quarter, and a 23.42 per cent increase in the return to the same quarter, an increase in the previous two quarters
According to the sub-operation, in the first half of 2018, corporate electricity connections, photovoltaic equipment, electric machines, doors and so on generated revenues of 2,092 million yuan, an increase of 42.93 per cent over the same period, mainly from the demand for 4g expansion, with a Māori rate of 19.51 per cent compared with the change of 3.61 percentage points. Overall, corporate profits in the first three quarters of the 18th quarter grew at a slower rate than income growth, mainly from new energy vehicles, communications, etc.
Sales have increased faster, defence products have declined in proportion, business structure changes and competition in some markets have led to a slight decline in the Māori rate. It is anticipated that the profits will increase significantly in the fourth quarter, with the concentration of military orders released and the strengthening of intra-firm downside controls.
According to bishopassociates data, the global connector size has grown from $8.6 billion in 1980 to a combined growth rate of 5.30 per cent in the global connector industry from 2016 to 2021. Corporate connector products cover fibre-optic connections, radio frequency-axis connections, high-voltage large current connections, fluid connections and cables.
In the domain, access qualifications, reliability, precision density, speed of connectivity are more demanding than in the consumer domain, there is a lower likelihood of easy replacement as a core component, a longer-term stable partnership, and, in the light of the trend towards new energy vehicles, 5g, companies are expected to emerge as domestic defense champions for a new round of growth.
(i) Sustained investment in military spending, steady growth of defence connectors, basic mechanization of the army in 2020 and significant progress in information construction, and the urgent need for defence-building panels. With disarmament completed in 2017, military spending will be more oriented towards weapons construction, new weapons development
US President Trump has raised the US defense budget by $54 billion in 2018, up 9% from 2017, and Japan’s military budget has been innovative for five consecutive years. As the US and Japan re-launch the military expansion route, the country faces a serious security situation.
As military spending continues to grow rapidly, the demand for weapons replacements accelerates the release, and the market for military connectors expand rapidly. Military connectors are used mainly for aviation, space, ships, missiles, ground uniforms, etc., be they land, sea or air weapons systems, or military.
Communications equipment, motors, on-board equipment, etc., have a high degree of internal complexity and integration, and demand for connectors is high. According to data from the Industrial Information Network, the market for military connectors in 2015 reached $7.25 billion, with a five-year complex growth rate of 12.5%. The total market for military connectors is expected to reach $50.7 billion during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
Entry will maintain a robust growth posture. (ii) New energyization, automation-driven car connector multi-fold market space, company market 1, new energy-based, automation-led car connector market multiplier opportunities
Cars are the largest consumer of connectors, and according to Bishopassociates, the market is more than 20%. In 2015, the global market for car connectors was about $70 billion, the domestic market for car connectors was more than $20 billion, and with the spread of new energy vehicles, the new energy car connectors took over the entire market for car connectors.
According to the China-China Air Association, 1.03 million new energy vehicles were sold in mid-November 2018, an increase of 68% over the same year, and 1.2 million in the year, with our new energy vehicles continuing to grow at a high rate of scale over the next five years.
At the same time, the new generation of automobile products, represented by smart cars, uses more electronic parts in power, control, sensorization, security, etc., and the demand for connectors increases. Currently, there are more than 100 car connections, one car has about 300 to 500 connectors, and each car is expected to use more than 800 connectors in the future.
In order to meet the demands of increasing car-borne entertainment, increasing network transmission, and security, the connection product will need to be upgraded accordingly. It will be possible to see that new energy sales, the use of bicycle connectors, and connection performances are all in the upscaling lanes.
It's a multi-growth market space for connectors.2 The company's share of the new energy vehicle market is far ahead, and overseas markets are expected to break through, with conventional cars as weak power, and new energy vehicles are in demand for high voltage, high currents, and the transformation of traditional connectors.
The difficulty is that the company, based on military technology, has accumulated for almost 10 years in the field of new energy vehicle connectors, with long-term in-depth collaboration with autonomous brands such as Chiré, Jianghuai, Bia Di, Woo-Tung, China-Tung and the leading battery company Ning Ding, and with the market, although the new energy vehicle of the joint venture is now mostly developed overseas, with foreign brand connectors, and the company's current customers are home-grown and autonomous.
While brand names dominate, companies are actively expanding international markets, and as the company’s new technology industrial base project builds up the company’s overall R & D capacity, manufacturing capacity, and testing capacity to lay the groundwork for the company’s access to international markets. We believe that with the rapid development of the domestic market for new energy vehicles and the expansion of new customers, both at home and abroad, it is expected that the company’s new energy vehicle connector will be available.
Business will continue to grow at a rapid pace. Figure 23: Corporate new energy vehicle connection solution (iii) Core suppliers of communications connectors, with a continued expected benefit of the 5g construction cycle
The construction cycle of 1,5g has been reduced and the demand for communication connectors has been steadily upwards. Connectors' applications in communications and data transmission have been in network equipment, wireless network infrastructure, cable equipment, etc., accounting for about 3-5 per cent of the value of communications equipment and over 10 per cent of the value of some large communications equipment.
The rapid growth of mobile Internet and the rapid growth of global data flows have contributed to the continued expansion of network equipment and mobile terminal markets, resulting in rapid growth of communication and data transmission connectors. Between 2012 and 2014, the market size of global communication and data transmission connectors grew from $7.843 billion to $10.760 billion, an increase of 37.19 per cent, significantly higher than the city as a whole.
The increase in the speed of the field, from 16.67% in 2012 to 20.36% in 2014, is the second largest application area for connectors. 5g commercials are expected to be officially opened in 2020, and the entire industrial chain is expected to meet a new winding cycle. Connectors are needed upwards as important upstream applications for base station radio frequency systems, controllers, network switches, modular terminals, etc.
In anticipation of a longer than 3g/4g and the wide range of connector applications, we believe that the connection needs will show a sustained and steady increase in the construction of 5g.
Connectivity solutions in the area of corporate communications cover a number of scenarios, such as a gift system, a small base station, a data centre, etc., and have a share in the world ' s leading communications equipment manufacturers, including the selection of 92 core suppliers in 2018, the award of the best technology innovation award as a core supplier of communications in China, and the company ' s three-star clientele, the first global 5g company announced in December 2018.
Provision of a package of light-connected solutions in the project. Figure 25: Medium-ship photovoltaic communication and data centre connection solutions 4g/5g Sky Feeding System solutions
Quartermaster, groundcard, lightning rod, jumper components.
(i) The rise of China's connector market and the company's leading breakthrough in the high-end industrial sector, with the transfer of factories and production activities from North America and Europe to the Asia-Pacific region and the consumption of electronics, mobile equipment and cars in the Asia-Pacific region
In 2016, China’s connection market was about US$ 16.5 billion, accounting for more than 30% of the global market. According to bishopassociates, the size of our connection city will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with domestic connections expected to reach US$ 17.994 billion in 2018 and 2015-2020.
At a time when the development of our connector is in the midst of a transition to creation, the overall level of national producers is still far behind the international giants in the area of high-end connectors. At the same time, there is huge demand in the areas of automobiles, communications and data transmission, computers and peripheral equipment, industry, military aviation, high-value, high-end connector markets, and in the face of a trend of trade friction and industrial transfer.
As of 30 June 2018, the company had 2.801 technicians and 3.846 university graduates.
The share of R & D inputs in operating income from January-June 2018 was 7.29 per cent, and corporate R & D costs have been in the same industry for a long time.
Arithmetic liquid cooling system development: business extension in multiple areas to facilitate the development of company integrated interconnection technology; company breakthroughs in smart automatic fabric technology and masters of fibre-optic flexible panel manufacturing processes: company-developed tensile deep water seal connectors, tsn traffic circuit connectors, ballistic complexes, large-car-mounted long-range PV conversion devices, etc.
The company focuses on basic research in original and photovoltaic technologies, focusing on key basic technological research, developing new products at an international level, and filling domestic gaps in a number of alternative imports, with high technology content and added value.
In 2018, the company completed the development of debt-transferable funds, which were channelled mainly to the new technology industry base project and the photovoltaic industry base project (phase II). The new technology industry base project, with a total investment of $10,240.0 million, proposes to scale up the production of the relevant products, with a focus on the development of high production levels.
Technical content, high-value-added liquid cold products, light and photovoltaic equipment products, high-speed backboard products and vpx system products, new energy electric car electronics, etc., three years of project construction, 60 per cent of production load in the first year of construction and 90 per cent in the second year of production, total investment of $832.73 million in the PV industrial base project (phase II) consisting mainly of special connectors, deep water collars, etc.
The project was built for three years, with 60% of the production load in the first year of construction, 80% in the second year, 100% of the production load in the following years, and generated a sales income of $10.320 million in the year of completion of the project.
(ii) The scarcity of national producers in the market for high-speed backboard connectors, the increase in demand in beneficiary industries, the replacement of the double dividend with national production The high-speed backboard pcb does not normally exist or has only a small number of active devices (chips, power sources, etc.), mainly pcb, connectors
and simple blockers, the backboard is a hardware component that provides signal connections to the various subcards of the system, provides interfaces to the system's power source, and is associated with the machine box structure, which provides auxiliary physical support to the various subcards or modules. Signal speed, interface density, mechanical strength, etc., are key to the high-speed backboard connector selection, and higher technical thresholds and market size make the market a high-value connector.
The most demanding high-speed backboard connectors are communications equipment (e.g. backbone and urban area network transmission equipment, high-end core routers, base station controllers, etc.), followed by the int industry (e.g. servers, storage, data centre supernet switches, high-performance computers, etc.), which is generally customized and needs to be designed in concert with clients and therefore has a higher threshold.
The market rate is still 10 gbps, and 25-56 gbps (pam-4) has emerged and will be extended to 56 gbps (nrz) and even 112 gbps in the future. 5 gran, 100g/400g light transmission equipment, core routers, servers, storage, 100 g/ 400g to be exchanged with the Tainet
The demand for high-speed backboard connectors, such as machines, cars, etc., will continue to grow with the construction of 5g, virtualization and the growth of data centre traffic. The company’s 56gbps high-speed connector project has successfully won industrial engineering in the country, and the product is technologically advanced at the international level.
There has also been a major customer certification breakthrough in the application of civilian goods, with technology research and development, industrialization progress and client breakthroughs clearly ahead of national counterparts, with the prospect of sharing the double dividends of industry growth and national production substitution. (iii) Depending on the military hardware base, the liquid cold system achieves a data centre client breakthrough
At present, in order to adapt to rapid technological developments, the military and military sectors have begun to gradually introduce night-cold technologies and to accelerate the introduction of foreign product replacements. In the military field, the integration of military weapons and equipment has increased with rapid developments in the field of defence, such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, etc., and a sharp increase in the power of electrical equipment. At the same time, modern airborne equipment will have to assume responsibility for communications, navigation, detection, and pre-emption.
The number and complexity of electronic equipment in military equipment are also increasing significantly, and the heat power of equipment is increasing. To adapt to the rapid development of technology and the domestication of products, the use of night cooling has been introduced in various fields.
In the data centre area, the data centre serves as an infrastructure for cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and big data development, with large-volume networks, it is electronic equipment. In 2017, the global data centre market was close to $4.65 billion (including only rental income from the data centre base, excluding cloud services, etc.), an increase of 10.7 per cent compared to 2016, and is expected to reach $51.4 billion in 2018.
Domestically, benefiting from national policy guidelines such as the Internet+, big data, digital economy etc. and the rapid development of mobile Internet, the country ' s idc market has experienced continuous high growth, and it is believed that in 2017 the idc sector as a whole earned $65.4 billion, and does not have figure 32: Global idc market size and speed of growth
Figure 33: China’s idc market size and speed of increase forecast is currently dominated by wind-cooling technologies in the country, which are expected to become widely available in idc building as energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, cost-effective and performance-enhancing factors are taken into account in the future.
By 2023, the global market for IDCs is projected to be $4.55 billion, with a compound annual growth rate that will enable the current company to build on the military hardware technology of the company and the cooling source of the company. Corporate products have a greater cost advantage than overseas manufacturers. With the construction of the new technology industry base, the company will add 106,000 new fluids per year.
Cold-product production is expected to be a significant increase in company performance. In aerospace and defense operations, national military spending will continue to grow, companies will be leading the industry, and demand will continue to grow well.
In terms of opening up domestic non-aeronautical goods: the communications market, closely following the 5g communications project, the light and electrical series of products are being tested through sample tests of priority customers; high-speed products are being qualified for major customers and small bulk orders are being made, while the data centre market is operating smoothly. The new energy vehicle market: companies are actively responding to the impact of the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy and are consolidating and upgrading existing markets.
On the basis of the occupancy rate, there was a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars and logistics vehicles. The field of railings was standardized, and the motor teams were fully equipped to successfully support the operation of the high-iron “Recovery.”
In the supply chain, the Eurobarrel gun became the sole supplier of the platform ' s high-voltage interconnection system, breaking patent barriers in the medical field, and initially exploring the international civil aircraft market. Companies were well established in the civil-military segmented markets, with a positive upward trend in the demand of the industry in the various connectors and a steady increase in performance.
During the period, and with companies positioning high-value, high-end markets and product technology outpacing their leading counterparts, it is expected that the international giant will gradually break its monopoly in the high-end domain, depending on the country ' s wide market for communications, automobiles, consumer electronic connectors, and the firm ' s strong efforts in overseas markets to see a further upturn in the corporate sector over the long term.
1) maintenance of demand in the main connecting areas of aerospace and defense, new energy vehicles, communications etc. where the company is located; 2) implementation of intra-company management and downside measures to effectively respond to price reduction trends in highly competitive sectors such as new energy vehicles, and business stability of Māori rates;
3) New clients in the areas of new energy vehicles, communications, etc. of companies are well developed: 4) Corporate fund-raising projects are proceeding in an orderly manner, productive capacity is expanding in an orderly manner, and research and development and industrialization of new products, such as high-speed backboards, liquid cooling systems, etc.) The costs of the various periods have steadily increased in an orderly manner with the expansion of operations.
Compared with the current valuation of major industry companies, taking into account the high demand downstream, the leading position of companies’ military industry connectors, and the scarcity of breakthroughs in high-value areas such as communications, new energy vehicles, we maintain a corporate buy-a rating. The change in military tax-exempt policies has made the company’s defense operations less growing than expected.
(b) Increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, with adverse effects on the export of corporate products, resulting in less than expected growth in the company's overseas operations;
Increased competition, lower prices for products, lower than expected Māori rates for products such as new energy vehicles for companies, resulting in a lower rate of growth in corporate profitability