Europa: moving forward with the transformation of the whole world, the industry's leading industry, the Europa (603833) event: the company published its semi-annual 2025 report.
The real estate sector is still under considerable pressure, and the industry is entering the stock development phase. Faced with a highly fragmented market environment, companies are actively empowering distributors to transform their homes, break through the traditional guest model, and reshape the business concept.
Source: Revenues of $3.53/61.31.13.3 billion from the direct stores/distributors/substances of 2025h1 have been realized, and the transformation has shown positive results, with companies empowering distributors through measures such as promoting the business model for everyone, systematic end-loading, upgrading the urban operating system, and accelerating the retailing of the premises for everyone.
In response to the upward trend in the flow line, the system of access to the iron triangle (Headquarters, Markets, Local Electricists) has been strengthened, and innovative online acquisition and design operations have been developed to help the terminal.
Retail transitioning, the company 2025h1 retailed more than 1,200 and covered more than 60% of the dealers, and is actively exploring a new path to home-based development. Multi-grade co-development, creating a one-stop platform.
During the melting period, a combination model centred on “non-specific wood + building materials + personal softs” becomes the main stream that drives competition for goods from a single to a complex competition. Companies continue to integrate the whole class of household business, construct a one-stop service system, and apply artificial intelligence technology to optimize the entire value chain and build the most competitive ones.
Everyone is on the platform. 2025h1 company cabinets/ closets and furniture products/baskets/cargos are earned -2.67 pct, with sales/management/research and development costs, respectively.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Gold Mandarin Building No. 127 West Avenue, Beijing City West Side, b Company stock turnover days of 26.32 days (6.06 days compared to the previous year) and receivable turnover days of 27.33 days (the same day)
The cash flow was 1,667 million yuan (year-on-year + 417 million yuan) and the quality of the proceeds was maintained at a better level. Kang Wen-hyun, Assistant Director of the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, General Manager of the New Consumer Research Centre, Master ' s degree in Shanghai Transport University, the first author published several sci+ei essays, who worked in the country ' s securities and led the team to win the best new wealth in 2024.
Lee morning, he graduated from the College of Physics at the University of California, Bay, where he majored in mathematics/accompanied accounting; graduate students graduated from the rich, golden quails, crystal ball, etc., and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2024, mainly covering paper, light-work exports, electronic tobacco, etc.
He graduated from the China Maritime University, and he graduated from Kings College in London. He was successful in his career in open-source securities research. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in 2025, covering inter-border power suppliers, gold jewels, two-wheeled cars, etc.
Lu Yanin, a Master’s degree in economics at the University of Illinois’s Champagne School, was employed in trade securities, Western securities, electricity dealers, and the United States of America, among others. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.