• Investment rating: buying (maintaining) and running with Cao's high performance.
In 2022, Jiangsu Bank registered an increase of 10.66 per cent over the same year, and the net return profit increased by 28.9 per cent over the same year.
(1) Not only is it a regional advantage: Jiangsu has a strong population and a strong demand for finance (first in the country and second in Zhejiang in the third quarter of 2022), but the financial supply is equally abundant, with prices as far as 2021 compare to 300 in depth.
In a fully competitive environment, Jiangsu Bank’s performance is much more referencing, and Jiangsu’s lead edge over the city’s comptoirs is scarcer than that of the major exhibiting regions. The net profit gap of 2.32% at the end of 2022 was the highest among the reported annual comptoirs, with interest rate returns back to the level of 2021.
4.53 per cent, the cost of the interest-bearing liability was between 11bps and 2.42 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year, and we believe that Jiangsu Bank will be able to maintain a lead-rate margin based on the consolidation of the existing customer base. (2) Jiangsu Bank's liquidity has been validated, with a double gain: as of the end of 2023q1, the asset size was over 3 trillion
For the benefit of a proactive and strong investment in public business, the discounting of notes in public loans has fallen by 7 to 7.5%. The ability to be financially more flexible and the downside cost of the liabilities has contributed to net interest income, and the financial investment portfolio has performed well in addition to the loans, with other non-interest income.
• Clear targeting of the population and continuous upgrading of asset-side capabilities: strong investment, rising interest-rate deficits, assets (1) to the public end: manufacturing, micro-enterprises: urban farmers' comptoirs are the main force serving local economies, deep-farming small and medium-sized enterprises, sunk under the requirement to regulate two-in-one controls.
But with the release on April 27th, 2023 of Silver Guarantee 42, which clearly leaves aside two increases, the cost of maintaining stability and increasing the level of support for the uncredited, we expect future price competition among banks in the inclusive micro- and small-scale sector to ease.
The differential advantage of Jiangsu Bank in the area of inclusion is difficult to replicate. See, in particular, our report, “Back-in-the-Step” Report, published on December 2, 2022, which we believe is correct.
Regional clients are better informed, able to provide diversified products, responsive, life-cycle services, and fast-track performance rating for the year 1.2022: longer boards are stronger. Banks have higher service premiums and are priced to be sustainable.
In 2022, the reverse rise in 4bps was also due to the fact that the customer structure was further moving toward small businesses and manufacturing. 2. The regional flagship comptoirs had a “stable-and-stable” advantage. The quality of assets was still gradually improving with price increases, with 29.3% of inclusive lending increasing at the same time.
Repressed, Jiangsu Bank’s consumer loans grew by 13.13% from the beginning of the year, keeping the city’s comptoirs in the first place. Of the 43.1 billion dollars added to retail loans throughout the year, 94% were contributed by consumer loans + credit cards, and improved consumption in 2023 supported the profits.
In-depth collaboration with head Internet agencies, superseding the profits of Silver Cage Consumers, the main players in consumer finance are also a scavenging crowd that competes differently with national stock companies, while Jiangsu Bank is ahead of its partner's intellectually empowered advantage (a multi-editorial application of early data).
In 2022, the Big Data Level was established, the front-line applications of technology were deepened, and mobile banks were first in the city's comptoirs to a certain extent. The rate of poor individual lending was higher than it was at the beginning of the year.
From 12bps to 0.86%, mainly due to normal fluctuations in macro-environmental impacts, our personal trust systems are more complete, binding and robust than companies, and as the economy expands, they are returning to bad futures.
The reason for the continued improvement in the quality of assets over the cycle is not just in the region, but more so because of its strong economic capacity, its poor financial position, our adjusted profitability projections based on the annual reports 2022 and the first quarterly reports 2023, and the projected increase in the net return of Jiangsu Bank in 2023-2025, respectively.
There is a significant competitive advantage in comparison with their counterparts, with clear and continuously rising asset-end capabilities, a gradual liquidation of historical burdens, and a promise to maintain a high upward trend in performance, with 20 billion transhipments likely to further expand core-level capital, open valuation ceilings, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Interest rate risk: interest rates under broad credit and broad monetary policy continue to fall, with narrow interest differentials. Market risk: the macro- and regional economy’s sharp downswing has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance; Debt markets’ adjustment of non-interest-bearing income has continued to drag performance.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected and declining demand for financing slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.