The harvests have been growing in double digits, and the profits have been growing at a steady rate in the first three. Jiangsu Bank has performed well with a strong pattern of growth, and the harvests have remained at double-digit levels for 17 consecutive quarters: the net profit returns have also increased at a similar rate for nine consecutive quarters.
Practice number: s15005192120002 has remained above 20% and has been in the top three banks for four consecutive quarters. Corporate performance has increased steadily over the long term, largely as a result of the provision of anti-breeding and expansion in size, and the year-to-year increase in interest differentials has contributed significantly; 2023q1 profits have increased.
In 2022, Jiangsu Bank recorded a 2.32% increase in net interest, 4bp, and Liao Ziang is in the lead of the listed banks. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets is equal to the rate of return and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities is lower than the same rate.
The company is based on a high-quality region and is expanding at an accelerated pace. Assets at the end of 2023q1 are of stable medium quality, and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans is reduced. Companies have increased their recognition of non-performing loans, the interest ratio has dropped by 7bp to 1.24%, the pressure on hidden non-performing loans has been reduced and asset quality has been strong;
The company is a national system-critical bank, with $2023q1 \triangleright in debt and non-equity transfers. Future firms are expected to accelerate the pace of capital transformation, with multiple sources of internal and external capital and complementary capital.
Profit predictions: Jiangsu Bank’s strong position, combined power, is accelerating the two-fold breakthrough of “light capitalization + digital intelligence building” with a focus on three drivers: “big wealth, tradable banks, direct and indirect financing together.” In 2022, retail aum was the first and brightest to break the trillion-dollar mark in the city’s comptoirs.
The effects of the transformation of retail and large wealth management are further evident. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit in 2023-2025 with \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
I mean, it's the same speed of collection and performance.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year acceleration of performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision coverage vs. Industry
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a candidate for the School of Honour, Financial Science and Testing. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities. Previous studies in finance, household electricity, and colored industries.
Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.