Vitamin taps, four major business blocks to help grow, Shen Xiaogen, November 21st, 2017.
New peace is a quality indicator of a weak cycle and growing. First, the company is a life-sustaining leader, with fewer new entrants into the vitamin industry in recent years. New production can be derived mainly from the expansion of production, which does not necessarily lead to higher prices, and the industry’s cyclical characteristics are being weakened; second, the company’s products are being reduced.
Lines are no longer limited to vitamins, and in recent years the growing space has been opened through the laying of pheromones and new materials, and the company has three production bases and four major business plates: the company has been working for years in the field of precision chemicals.
Four major operations have been developed: nutrients, raw and pharmaceutical intermediates, fragrances and new materials, with three production bases, namely, supremac, high risk, and a growing business map.  In the short term, vitamin prices are expected to increase and companies are more resilient: environmental policies, front-line business inspections.
The company is a leading vitamin company, with rapid increases in the prices of va, vd3, and biomass, ve industries or opportunities for reversal. The company now has the highest capacity in the country; vd3 and bioferon production are among the highest in the country.
Third, there is greater resilience, and product prices are expected to increase significantly.  In the long run, the vitamin industry is becoming less cyclical: vitamina, vitamine, etc., are entering higher walls, creating oligarchic patterns.
In general, the concentration of supply in the vitamin industry is increasing, and industry patterns are improving. There is some industry synergy between the fragrances and vitamins: some of the company’s products are not just fragrances.
In the future, the company will continue to be rich in fragrances, as well as in the potential for progress towards the fragrance business.
The company's 50,000 tons of ammonium ammonium a quarter of a year and plans to expand to 300,000 tons in the future. After all, the company will join the international community.
The company has a higher potential for growth in the future, with a first-line producer of ecstasy, which, at current prices, earns more than $7 billion for postpartum acid.  Investment proposal: the company benefits from a short-term increase in the price of vitamins, while the medium- and long-term ecstasy and spices will be hit.
The company is the leading producer of fine chemical industries in the country. 1.1. The company started with the pharmaceutical intermediate. The map continues to expand.
Plants. For 28 years, company technology has been innovative, moving from a single pharmaceutical intermediate producer to a country-level high-technology firm, which is now mainly involved in the production and marketing of nutrients, fragrances, new materials and raw materials.
The production and export of vitamine, vitamina and acetylene fork are among the first in the country, and the company has become one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world.
56.36 per cent of the shares and the actual control of the company is Hobbons.
Hobbes New and Holdings Group Ltd. Zhejiang Shin and Sung Company Ltd.
Zhejiang New Animal Nutrition and Health Products Ltd. Zhejiang Chunjian Environmental Energy Co. Ltd.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng Special Materials Co. Ltd. Zhejiang Novivip Adders Co. Ltd. Zhejiang Shin and Cheng Import and Export
Chuanhai Bori Industries Co. Ltd. Shandong New and Alamine Acid Co. Ltd. Shin Chang Shin and Vitamins Co. Ltd.
Sino-Shang (Hong Kong) Trading Co. Ltd. New and Biochemical Industries Co. Ltd.
Zhejiang Sambo Polymeric Co. Ltd. New Chang County Innovation Services Ltd. Zhejiang New and Cheng Pharmacy Co. Ltd.
Xiao Xinchen New Materials Ltd. (Hong Kong)
1.2. The company now has three main bases and four plates. After nearly 30 years of sedimentation and development, it has accumulated technology, moving from a former producer of a single pharmaceutical intermediate to a state-level high-technology firm for fine-chemists.
In 1989-1999, the company was mainly a pharmaceutical intermediate producer, accumulated technology for the production of pharmaceutical intermediates such as ethyloxymethyl fork and trimethyl hydrogenium, and changed the import status of the raw materials.
In the period 1999-2009, the company entered its second stage of development. In 2003, the company set up a risk base, converted its products from medical intermediates to vitamins, supplements, etc., and the industry upgraded and the company moved towards biochemistry.
In 2009, the company entered its third stage of development. In 2009, the company set up the Shandong base and moved into the fragrance industry. Subsequently, in 2012, the company moved into the area of new materials apps, and in 2015, it established a joint venture with Tesman to develop the apps. In 2017, the company moved into a higher technical barrier to further enhance its business capacity.
At present, the company has three major production bases, Xinchang, Utsumi, and Shandong.
1.3. The company ' s profitability improved significantly in 2016, benefiting from higher vitamin prices. The company ' s level of profitability was more affected by the volatility of vitamin prices. In 2016, the company ' s performance improved significantly, with operating income of $4.696 billion, compared to $4.696 billion in 2016, as a result of the rebound in the prices of major commodities.
22.86 per cent long; net profit on maternity amounted to $1,203 million, a significant increase of 199.11 per cent. In 2016, the company ' s overall sales of Māori fell sharply, and profits fell sharply. Because of higher income from the nutrient plate, the company ' s profits were more affected by fluctuations in the price of vitamins. However, as the company ' s business grew, it earned less than in previous years, 2014-
Fragrance fragrances have grown steadily in profitability. The variety of fragrance plate products has continued to grow, and the income share has increased. The revenue from fragrance flavours has increased from $435 million in 2012 to $1,180 million in 2016, with new materials on average annually in the market expansion phase.
We believe that, as the downstream application of the pps expands, the company's new material business will have a much higher potential: short-term price increases and industry cycles are weakening. Currently, the company's nutrient plate income comes mainly from higher vitamin varieties such as va and ve.
In addition, the company has a place in the vitamins market, such as vitamins d3, and biobiotics. On the demand side, vitamins and amino acid are downstream mainly for feed additions, rigid demand, and growth is stable.
In the context of environmental constraints, small businesses are increasingly out of business in related areas, and industrial order has improved noticeably. One obvious feature is the weakening of the cycle, and the expansion of the industry’s flagship has not led to a sharp fall in product prices.
In the short term, as a result of environmental stress, repairs, and accidents at the Basque plant, the prices of vitamins a, vitamin d3, and biomass have increased, and the pattern has changed in recent times, and the price of vitamins has rebounded. As a company that is the leader of vitamin production, the company is expected to benefit from higher prices for its products.
In the long run, the cyclicality of the vitamin industry is weakening, leading firms have a stronger price control, and future vitamin prices are now balanced by global vitamina demand and supply. In the short term, environmental factors have constrained the start of work this year, with fires at the gasf lemon formaldehyde plant at the end of October having a more severe impact on global vitamina supply, leading to higher prices.
In the medium term, the focus should be on three areas: the progress of the amyris company on vitamina, the industrial cooperation between Tethman and amyris, and the progress of domestic firms on the va intermediate. Overall, in the context of environmental tightening, the expansion of leading firms should be understood more as a disincentive to potential entrants.
High concentration of vitamina production and stable supply and demand patterns do not necessarily lead to large price changes.
The production of vitamina is concentrated, with six major producers around the globe, including Tesman, Bassov, Andesu, and the country's main producers are Shinzu, Zhejiang Medicine, Kimdawi.
According to data, three companies in the country produce 9,600 tons per year, or 38 per cent of the total global supply. According to our research, the annual production of new and liquid vitamina (equivalent to 500,000 itus) is 6,000-7,000 tons, and the supply pattern for full vitamina is stable and largely non-existent.
In the long run, there are 1,500 tons of production expansion projects in Basfe (of 2.8 million tons, or 8,400 tons). Market patterns are likely to change, but in the short term there is a steady increase in the demand for vitamina supplies, which is around 2% per year. Vitamina is used mainly for feed and food medicine.
Medicines, of which feed is the main application area, demand is about 82%. According to Boa and Telecommunications, the global need for vitamina in 2015 was 245,000 tons, and in 2016 it was about 25,000 tons, with an annual increase of about 2%.
Some 36% of domestic vitamina is supplied for export, and the share of new and imported exports is higher. The domestic market for vitamina needs to be smaller, and the share of domestic manufacturers is higher. Of this, the share of exports of new and emerging vitamina is more than 50% per year, and the share of new and imported exports increased in 2016, at about 65%, from Zhejiang Medicine and Kinda.
2.1.2. High technical barriers to vitamina Vitamina Vitamina is also referred to as shoalol and its derivatives due to shoal acid, air, oxidizing substances, high temperatures, etc.
Ultraviolet (UV) is vulnerable, so vitamina is generally available on the market in the form of yellow ethanol and yellow ester palm acid. The current synthesis of vitamina is mainly in the form of roche and basf processes: the rochec 14+c6 synthesis process can be broadly divided into hexacarbonols (starting with acetyllite, butylene ketone).
The synthesizing (started with b-Valoxone) of XIV aldehyde. Biglycerin reacts with the main carbon rack of vitamina and then furthers the chemical transformation of the side chain of the hydrogenation, lodification, upper debromination, etc., with the advantage of the vinyl acetic roche synthesis process being technologically mature, with a stable yield rate and a relatively clear three-dimensional structure of the reaction intermediates.
Clarity does not require the use of a very special raw material. The deficiency is that there are more than 40 originals used, which are larger. Vitamina manufacturers in the country are using the roche process. Basfc15+c5 synthesis processes are also based on beta-violetone, and acetylene reacts to glycerin.
Acetylene-beta-violetol, which selects hydrogen for ethylene-beta-violetol and, following a witting reaction, produces vitamin acetic acid by constriction with c5 formaldehyde. Basf synthesis process has the obvious advantage of having fewer response steps, shorter process routes and higher rates of harvest.
The core technical difficulty is the witting reaction and the recycling of triphenyl phosphorus by by-product. The use of highly toxic photogas in the basf synthesis process for recycling triphenyl phosphorus, which is more demanding for process and preparation, is more difficult to achieve.
Since then, research institutions abroad have used tetraethyl phosphate and cl5 formaldehyde, successfully synthesizing c15 phosphoric esters to avoid the use of high-priced tribenzole and highly toxic photogas in the traditional basf synthesis process.a Vitamina is a financial and technology-intensive industry with relatively complex production processes, thus entering a higher threshold.
In the case of domestic enterprises, the roche route process is relatively mature, and the improvement of the synthetic process for key intermediates, such as hexacarbonol, 14th hydrazine, and the improvement of the rate of collection and product quality are the focus of the current study.
Vitamina production is based on beta-violine ketone, which is made from lemon hydrazine. Lemon hydrazine production is concentrated in a few firms in Germany and Japan, so lemon hydrazine supply is critical for vitamin a.
Basve is the world ' s largest producer of lemon ellipses, which once accounted for more than 60 per cent of the world ' s production capacity. In 2014, a fire at its German Lemon ellipse factory in Devesie led to a strain on the supply of lemon formaldehyde and an increase in the price of vitamina. In 2016, the lack of delivery in Bassif Lemon ellipse in the first half of the year led to a shortage of raw materials, and the Ludwig plant explosion exacerbated the supply tension.
In the first half of 2016, the price of vitamina went up sharply because of the addition of environmental production restrictions; on 31 October of this year, a fire broke out at the Basve Lemon ellipse plant, where the force majeure of vava and v was announced.