Ning Qing Qing Quantities (600377) Quarterly Loss 27 04, 2020 Ning Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Que
Events: A quarterly report issued by the company, 963 million (-59.2 per cent) of the company's revenues, excluding the net return of the company to the mother, which is mainly engaged in investment, construction, operation and management of the company, profits - 3,759 million, a significant decline from the previous year's profit of $1.03 billion, mainly the highway during the epidemic
The highway sector and the other provinces of Jiangsu have the largest assets in the country's road industry.
In addition to to toll-bridge operations, the company has accumulated only 30.1 per cent of the revenue for the same period last year, and the main road-producing high-speed revenue for the same period last year was 30.3 per cent.
In addition, under the new network charge model, the main business is an important component of the main business.
Lower-than-anticipated costs result in lower-than-expected losses: lower-than-anticipated operating costs. The first quarter of operations was $743 million, a decline of nearly $200 million in comparison, and lower depreciation amortization costs for highways were the main reasons.
On the one hand, the decline in traffic during the epidemic led to a decrease in amortization under the depreciation of traffic; on the other hand, a change in the 2020 route network charging pattern, whereby companies converted standard minibuses to the new model classification of vehicles. On the other hand, traffic was used as a basis for amortization of road operations, and the new guidelines reduced the amortization of business rights by one quarter compared to the previous guidelines.
The company is expected to maintain a higher red mark by raising the red mark: the company has never seen a drop since it was listed, and even in 2005, when the profit from the expansion was significantly reduced due to the expansion of Xinning, the company relied on a significant increase in the red mark to 105%, which ensured that the red mark for that year was the same as the previous year.
This year, however, corporate profits have declined significantly because of the impact of the epidemic, but it is common practice for companies to secure higher dividends through a large-scale increase in the red rate. It is attractive to maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the Ning Dynasty High Highway (600377), the loss of a quarter is lower than expected, waiting for the end of the free period, the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Ning Dynasty (600377): a quarterly loss is lower than expected, pending the end of the free-of-charge period.
Tsao Fung Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Gangdan, 3 years of investment research experience, employment in Broadway Securities, 2015-2018, 2019, and presentation by Research Assistant, East Hing Securities Research Associates
Research in the transport sector. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.