Incident: 27 March, Business Bank disclosed 2023: annual net profit returns were equal to +0.79% (formerly Chamber of Commerce and Industry (601398), with a small drop in revenue and a steady increase in profits. Business Bank receipts in 2023 were higher than the previous three.
The profits of the company have remained positive, largely as a result of faster expansion and the provision of anti-breathing.
The modest growth in performance was largely offset by positive contributions, such as increased provision, and delays, such as a decline in income tax contributions and a narrow net income gap.
Net interest differentials continue to weigh, and the trend of deposit periodicization persists. In 2023, business and industry banks recorded net interest differentials of 1.61%, down 6bp from the previous three quarters, down 31bp from the same year. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 9bp to 3.45% and the rate of cost increased by 22bp to 2.04%, respectively, below the difference.
The main reason for the line is that the end of the asset is mainly the result of the downturn of the lpr, the lack of credit demand, and the failure of the king to write down the interest rate on the loan; the end of the liability is mainly due to the periodicization of the deposit and the increase in the foreign-currency financing rate.
At the end of 2023, the business bank failure rate was equal to 1.36 per cent compared to the end of the q3 ring, a decline of 2 bp compared to the same year, with a decline of 15 bp to 1.85 per cent compared to the same period in corporate-type lending, and a reduction in the pressure on hidden non-performing lending generation; provision coverage
At the end of 2023, business banks had a core capital adequacy rate of 13.72%, a capital adequacy rate of 15.17% and a capital adequacy rate of 19.01%, respectively, with a profit forecast of long-term soundness and high dividends. Companies have accelerated in recent years.
\triangleright Builds a "big, medium, and small" co-development client system, dynamically upgrades the "gbc+" basic process, accelerates the formation of a new quality of productivity, and accelerates dynamic digital energy.
A new breakthrough has been made, with the balance of personal financial assets breaking the $20 trillion mark, old-age financial services, Sunda Securities, Inc., which has been very effective and has improved overall risk management capabilities. We believe that the company is going well in the future.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown Street, Beijing City West Side, Risk factors: the economy is over-expected down, policies are not in place as expected, asset quality is significantly deteriorating, etc.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year acceleration of performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision coverage vs. Industry
Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels, Master ' s degree, Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor ' s degree from Zhejiang University, selected for the College of Honors, Financial Science Test.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre. Part of it is unsatisfied, unsatisfied, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.