Incidents: 27 March, the Bank of Commerce and Industry issued its annual report for 2023. The cumulative revenue for 23 years was 843.1 billion yuan, or 3.7 per cent; the net profit for mothers was $364 billion, or 0.8 per cent; the negative rate was 1.36 per cent, with a provision coverage of 214 per cent.
\triangleright net profit equal to +0.8%, increasing at the same rate as in the previous three quarters.
\triangleright productions have been growing at a high rate of expansion and continued to increase the supply of financial resources to the real economy, manufacturing at the end of 23 years, 24 years, the first being the liberalization of the central bank ' s universal micro-identification criteria and the possibility of greater use of inclusive micro-businesses.
Space; and second, the report of the Government's work on the proposal to issue “extra-long-term special State debt for several years in a row” is expected to boost the demand for complementary credit in areas such as capital finance and construction, thus contributing to lending to the Bank.
The difference is still under pressure and the cost of the deposit falls down. Businesses have a net interest gap of 1.61 per cent at the end of 23 years, compared to \triangleright, which still expects downward pressure on the pricing of new loans, and stock mortgage rates are adjusted and local government debt is paid off.
The current trend towards the periodicization of deposits is continuing, with the ratio of fixed-term deposits at the end of 23 years being 57.7 per cent, compared with 23 q3 at the end of +0.4 pct, although deposits are listed at interest 1. Business and Industry Banks (601398.sh) reported for the year 2022:
Play the role of geese, highlighting the fact that the Bank of Commerce and Industry plays a role in maintaining a stable asset quality of 2023/04/. Business banks have a negative rate of 1.36% at the end of 23 years, the same rate as at the end of 23q3.
2. Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398.sh) in the three-quarterly reporting point of 2022: 1) at the end of 23 years, public real estate loans were at a low rate of 5.37 per cent. On the one hand, combined with a low increase in public property loans, the associated adverse exposures are being or are being increased and stock risks are being addressed; on the other hand,
The negative rate has dropped significantly from the peak of 6.68 per cent at the end of 22 years. 2) Local government debt is “time-for-space” thinking is clearer, so that while it may put some pressure on the difference, it may not lead to higher asset quality.
Rapid expansion; continued pressure on property risks; and overall stabilization of asset quality. Second, with a high dividends investment value, the share of gold in cash was stable, 31.3 per cent in 23 years. Third, in the context of macroeconomic rehabilitation, the overall repair of the bank plate valuation, and the catalyticization of the “medium-specialized” concept are expected to boost the company's valuations further.
Figure 1: Business banks' performance at year-on-year rate up to the end of 2023 (cumulative) Figure 2: Business banks' net interest income at year-end 2023, median gain at year-on-year rate (cumulative)
Figure 3: Other non-interest-bearing income of business banks up to the end of 2023 at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 5: Total liabilities of business banks up to the end of 2023, total deposits up to the same rate of increase Figure 6: Net interest difference of business banks up to the end of 2023 (disclosure value)
Figure 7: Rates of return on interest-bearing assets of business banks, rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities (disclosed value)
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.