PhillipCapital
用友網絡 (600588.SH)
雲業務增長保持強勁，成本控制理想，惟估值偏高
香港 |科技、媒體及通訊| 公司研報
投資概要
用友網絡是中國領先的企業服務提供商，提供雲服務、軟件、金融服務。集團半年業
(現價截至8月27日)
績表現理想,收入上升 10.2%,亦持續首季成本控制的成果。此外,雲服務增長保持
目標價 HKD 30.64 (-7.2%)
強勁，同比增長 114.6%。集團期內亦發布多個產品，例如：用友雲平臺 iuap V3.5.6 及
用友 NC Cloud 1903 等等。我們給予目標價 30.64 港元，較此前目標價上調 3.6%，下
公司資料
調至“中性”評級，潛在跌幅 7.2%。(現價截至 8 月 27 日)
普通股股東 (百萬股):
2,486
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
82,042
業績更新
集團公佈中期業績，收入 33.1 億人民幣，同比增長 10.2%；歸屬於上市公司股東的淨
利潤爲 4.8 億人民幣,同比增長 290.1%;歸屬於上市公司股東的扣除非經常性損益後
主要股東， %
王文京
的淨利潤爲 2.6 億人民幣,同比增長 155.1%;歸屬於上市公司股東的扣除非經常性損
上海益倍管理諮詢
益和股權激勵成本的淨利潤爲 3.2 億人民幣,亦同比增長 40.5%。
成本控制理想
股價表現， %
集團持續首季成本控制的成果，銷售費用和管理費用佔收入分別為 17.6%和 16.3%，同
比下降 2.2%和 2.7%，惟研發費用佔收入比則有所提升至 22.7%，同比上升 2.7%，主
要由於加大對雲產品的開發。此外,毛利率亦同比下 2.9%至 66%,由於毛利率較低的
股價 ＆ 上證指數
業務增長較強勁，使整體毛利率出現下跌。
雲業務增長強勁，加快推出雲產品
公司雲服務業務收入(不含金融類雲服務業務)為 4.7 億人民幣,同比增長 114.6%。按
照企業規模分類,小微企業雲服務業務實現收入 4,527 萬元,增長 142.3%;大中型企
業雲服務業務實現收入 4.3 億人民幣,增長 112%。按照業務形態分類, SaaS 業務實
現收入 2.9 億人民幣,同比增長 133.6%; BaaS 業務實現收入 1.1 億人民幣,同比增長
146.1%; PaaS 業務實現收入 6,877 萬元,同比增長 39.5%; DaaS 業務實現收入 414 萬
財務資料
元,同比增長 78.3%。
15.1,亦加快了用友雲平臺 iuap5.0 和 NC Cloud 1909 的開發。此外，公司重點加強了
與華爲、中國電信、中國工商銀行等戰略合作夥伴的業務合作;公司雲市場入駐生態
夥伴穩步增長,入駐夥伴突破 4000 家,入駐產品及服務突破 6200 款。另外,集團
聯合中國軟協及華爲、中國電科普華、上海兆芯、龍芯中科、360 企業安全等國內知
名廠商,共同發起組建了“企業數位化自主可控服務聯盟”,積極推動了企業數位元
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
化、國產化工作。
研究分析員
李學滔 (2277 6527)
基於 2020 年的歸屬母公司的淨利潤,我們給予目標價 30.64 元,較早前目標價
上調 3.6%, 對應市盈率為 75 倍, 主要反映集團雲業服高速發展。由於集團在雲
業務將加大投入研發，在短期內或會降低淨利潤率，但有望打造長期競爭優
勢。雖然我們看好集團長遠發展,但由於近日股價大幅上升,我們下調至“中
性”評級，潛在跌幅 7.2%。
風險提示
雲端發展不及預期
中國經濟走勢轉差
雲端 ERP 的出現令傳統 ERP 軟件受到一定打擊，尤其對中小企客戶
財務報告
(財務資料截至 8 月 27 日)
用友網絡(600588.SH) 公司研報
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2019 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kay 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street.
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia