PhillipCapital
用友網絡 (600588.SH)
雲業務增長保持強勁，國產替代可期
香港 |科技、媒體及通訊| 公司研報
投資概要
(現價截至7月18日)
用友網絡是中國領先的企業服務提供商，提供雲服務、軟件、金融服務。集團首季業
目標價 HKD 29.58 (+10.1%)
績表現理想,收入上升 16.6%,成本控制亦有所改善。此外,雲服務增長保持強勁,
同比增長 95%,付費企業客戶亦同比增長 46.3%。我們給予目標價 29.58 港元,較此前
公司資料
目標價上調 6.4%, 下調至“增持”評級,潛在升幅 10.1%。(現價截至 7 月 18 日)
普通股股東 (百萬股):
2,486
66,802
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
業績更新
集團公布 2019 年首季業績。期內,收入 1.25 億人民幣,同比上升 16.6%;營業虧損
1.55 億人民幣，較去年增加增加約 4,000 萬人民幣。此外，毛利率下降 1.6%至
62.5%,但集團成本控制有所改善,銷售及管理費用佔收入比分別下降 3.5%及 4.7%。
淨利潤則爲 1.02 億人民幣,較去年比轉虧爲盈,主要由於集團今年出售隨銳科技部份
股份所致。歸屬公司股東扣除非經常性損益後的淨虧損爲 5,477 萬人民幣,同比減少
51.2 % •
股價表現， %
雲服務收入 1.25 億人民幣，同比增長 95%。目前，雲服務企業用戶約 477 萬家，付費
企業客戶則約38萬家,同比增長46.3%。
股價 & 上證指數
其他業務方面，軟體業務收入 8.46 億人民幣，同比增長 20.6%；支付服務收入 0.74 億
人民幣,同比增長 230.1%;惟互聯網投融資資訊服務業務收入同比下降 29.7%,至
1.97 億人民幣。
加強及推出雲產品，打造雲生態
集團推出NC Cloud
1903,採用最新混合雲技術架構,爲大型企業提供混合雲解決方案,相信新產品將有
助集團打入大型企業的雲端市場。另外，集團亦加強了NC
財務資料
Cloud,集團將會加快研發,並加強在行業的推廣。
集團持續構建雲生態,在雲市場推出了52
款，其中物聯服務、商旅服務、雲客服小企業版等雲生態產品。雲市場生態夥伴入駐
總數突破3500家,產品及服務總數突破5500個。
我們預期集團將會在雲業務加大投入研發，在短期內或會降低淨利潤率，但有望打造
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
長期競爭優勢。
研究分析員
李學滔 (2277 6527)
華爲造訪，國產替代或加速
有媒體報導，華爲ERP團隊造訪用友北京產業園，因此有猜測華爲可能放棄目前
的SAP轉爲使用國內，我們認爲可能性頗高。在中美貿易戰下，華爲成爲美國其
中一個打擊對象,並禁止美國企業向華爲提供任何服務。爲了減輕對國外軟件
的依賴，我們相信華爲有充份誘因把目前的國外ERP系統轉爲國內。雖然目前並
未有落實的消息，但這次造訪亦反映出華爲的意向。
基於 2020 年的歸屬母公司的淨利潤,我們給予目標價 29.58 元,較早前目標價
上調 6.4%,對應市盈率為 75 倍,主要反映集團雲業服高速發展。由於集團在雲
業務將加大投入研發，在短期內或會降低淨利潤率，但有望打造長期競爭優
勢。鑑於近日股價大幅上升，我們下調至“增持”評級，潛在升幅 10.1%。
風險提示
雲端發展不及預期
中國經濟走勢轉差
雲端 ERP 的出現令傳統 ERP 軟件受到一定打擊,尤其對中小企客戶
財務報告
(財務資料截至7月18日)
用友網絡(600588.SH) 公司研報
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2019 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kay 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street.
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia