ningbodeetechnoroy (605117) as inverterbecomesthemaingrowthdriver, deye expectsrapidgrodrowthtrompvandengergystorage
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it again.
i) grid-tiedstringinverter (gtsi), eergystorageinverter (esi), andmicroinverter(mi). marketdata itsrevenueofphotovoltaic(pv)andenergycysbusinessdownwrewby 262% in2021,
It's 50%. Invertbusinessbecomeshefast-groveingsector and constrictesthemostprofit, whelegtsi/esi/micontributed 45.7% / 9.1% overallinvertrevenuein2021reactively.
Thefastdeclineofpvcostbringslargeingecreaseintheindustrydemand: global solarstallationextedesterecheach456gwin2025.otherisingpenetrationrateof
Wemodelthemi maretsizetoreachrnb21.2bnin2025, with increasingmarketshareofstringinverter.basicdata
ii) incorporated powerservabilityandfavourablepolishiesbringrosperityto theenergystorestorestallationexpectedtorech131gw/318gwh, divening youthrowofesi.3)higher-than-industrygroveth
Interbusiness: benefiting Fromromrapidescalationofglobaldemandforpvand energystorage, invertmanufacturersmaintainedahghgrothrateofshiprofshipadfrom 2017 to 2021, whilethecagroftevereached 169%.
♪ ♪ grid-tiedinverterengestogeinvertingthewomaingrowthdrivers, readreports devecontinuestobenefeipromportsubstituteofchip.1) long-standingfocusson ♪
Low-voltageesi: 82% oftotalsales, deyeenjoyschannel
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, brokeragemited wouldliteto crossprofusereactivelylowcost.deveincreasesr&dinvesmentin2022andlaunches productswith 8-channelppddesigntoenhancecompetitives, expecatingships
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Soochowlifeofmorethan25yearsandacapacitacioofthedcandacsideupto1.5help researchinstitute, andindicalarits

I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Overseastradopolicies; insufficientsupplyofawmatials. German shares (60517) Reversers operate in the middle of the stream, with a sharp increase in the luminous + storage.
Chen Weibin has been steadily developing its traditional business, and it's a new start in the field of inverters.
Large plates. The company is the only one in the country with a grid-connected inverter, a storage inverter, a micro-reverse inverter, with an increase of 262 per cent in 21 years in light storage operations, with a net profit of 50 per cent + becoming the first operating block with the fastest growth and profit-contribution rate in the company.
The share of income is 45.2 per cent/45.7 per cent/9.1 per cent, respectively.
Distributed light-voltage penetration has increased, driving a higher growth in the microreverse + cluster, which is projected to be 21.2 billion yuan globally in 2025, with a rising chain-based market share.
131gw/318gwh, which leads to further growth of the Reverse Resilient Reverser. 3) Reverser market growth is higher than industry growth: the demand for photovoltaic + storage energy for the benefit increased significantly, and the output of retrogent manufacturers remained at a high rate in 2017-2021, with a German cagr of 169%.

The advantages of the US and South Africa markets are strong and are expected to double in 22 years. 2) Micro-reverse business high growth: companies grow on a high base, with South Africa as the main market. Companies are expected to increase their market share on a continuous basis by multiplying the high cost of Māori. 3) Cluster products have multiple advantages: companies produce chained production.
Over 25 years of design life, direct flow side and communication side matching are 1.5 times higher to achieve overall benefits. 4) the igbt chip takes the lead in national production, with significant cost advantages. The igbt lacks the market to report on support for professional research and analysis.
Demand is strong, affecting the inverted industrial chain. The company's igbt chip industry is ahead of the industry in terms of national production, and it's grateful to the great red, Chen Goo and Goo Ya-men for their ability to provide and for their low cost of national production, which guarantees profitability.
1. The three main lines of activity in the reverse changer field are being developed simultaneously, and the reverse changer is becoming a medium-flow pillar.
Ningpod Industries Science and Technology Inc. is a major year in which R & D, design, production, marketing, and services are integrated, and completes a full-scale technological transformation from traditional molds, plastics industries, to diversified industrial chains. Currently, it has four core industrial chains: solar reverse systems, trans-frequency control systems, environmental appliances, and heat switches.
The company’s main business consists of heat exchanger operations, which represent three major sections of the environmental electrical and inverter business. Currently a major supplier of well-known air-conditioning brands, such as the American-Ox, the company’s humidifier product has achieved revenue from the sale of the same product first on the platform in Kyoto and on the Skycat line for the fifth consecutive year, with increased oral radiation and brand influence.
The three main lines of business go hand in hand. The company develops its products using heat exchangers, inverters, environmental appliances. In a carbon-neutral trend, the landscape of the photovoltaic industry continues to rise, the air-conditioning industry declines, the heat exchange business gradually declines in the company’s revenue ratio, and the income and profit ratio of the inverter will gradually rise.
Inverser business is one of the company’s most important core business in the future, and the company is committed to becoming the lead business in the domestic household industry. The company’s inverter product consists of a chain-to-web-reverser of 1.5kw-110kw, a storage-reverser of 3kw-12kw, and a mini-reverse-reverser of 300w-2000w. In 2021, it generated operating revenues of $1,198 million.
To date, German reversible products have been sold to over 40 countries around the world, effectively reducing global carbon emissions and contributing to sustainable social development. Companies are working on technological innovation, and research and development capabilities are building core competitiveness.
The development and technological innovation of the product has led to the development of a professional research and development team that is experienced, multidisciplinary, and capable of autonomous innovation. The company currently has 203 patents, including 21 patents for inventions, 147 patents for practical applications, and 25 copyrights for software. In the reverse sector, the company has autonomously developed three flatsvpwm-driven technologies.
The technology associated with three lock-in-links and reversible products, such as solar control systems with mppt algorithms, can be effective in increasing solar power utilization, inverter energy conversion rates, and in ensuring the stability of the inverters. The corporate equity structure is concentrated. As of 12 June 2022, the company had 240 million shares in total equity, controlled by Zhang and King.
Total holdings of 62.05 per cent of the company, of which 24 per cent are directly held; indirect holdings of 37.59 per cent of the company ' s equity through the Aethwig investment; indirect holdings of 0.32 per cent of the company ' s income, 1.2 per cent through the German shareholding platform and the Henry ' s investments, respectively, with a high rate of net profit growth and excellent fee-control capabilities
Corporate profitability is well reflected in its ability to negotiate and control costs for its excellent products: 1) net corporate interest rates, Māori rates, new products, and increased input into photovoltaic reverse transformer technology.
On the basis of the three main products, the inverter is the bright spot of growth The inverter business is the main performance growth point. The inverter business became the business block with the fastest growth rate in the company in 2021, the second highest contribution rate, and the first profit contribution rate.
55.85 per cent, with a growth rate of 12.42 per cent; 13.49 per cent, with a growth rate of 23.75 per cent, in the wetter business; 28.73 per cent, in the reverse gear, with a growth rate of 262.34 per cent and a contribution of 46.56 per cent; and 46.56 per cent, in the reverse machine business, with a strong growth point in corporate performance.
In 2021, the company ' s Reverser Business received 1,198 million yuan, or 262 per cent. The three main categories of the company ' s Reverters ' products remained high, of which 532 million yuan, or 265 per cent, was sold, and 539 million yuan, or 266 per cent, was sold, from the collusive Reverse Transversors;
This is 2.37 percentage points higher than in 2020, mainly as a result of the rise in the ratio of high-moric energy revers. The micro-reverser ratio is 33%, the group-reversible is 36%, the storage revers are 40%, and the storage capacity ratio is still on the rise.
Photovoltaic storage energy upwinds, reversor markets open up high-speed growth space 2.1. The new cycle of photovoltaic parity, the new energy revolution is overwhelming, the path of photovoltaic precipitation is clear, and the price-neutral cycle is set in motion.
The annual rate of $0.048/kwh is as high as 87 per cent, bp is expected to reduce the cost of photovoltaics by 65-Khan and South Africa by 2050 compared to 2018, all of which will be carbon neutral by 2050, and many countries emphasize the ratio of renewable energy to electricity generation over the next 30 years, driving the global shift towards “carbon neutrality”, and the new energy revolution is unstoppable.
The global demand for photovoltaics has increased, with 514gw installed in 2025. Due to excellent photovoltaic resource endowments, costs are still falling rapidly at global parsing rates and matching storage capacity development, power sector emission reductions, improved power generation structures need to be achieved through low-cost and efficient photovoltaics, which will grow from ancillary energy sources to primary energy sources and develop potential.
Largely overlapping national policies are driving the development of photovoltaics. Globally, we expect 514gw in 2025 and 1400gw in 2030.
Annual demand has increased significantly, with China ' s distribution reaching 53% of the first ultra-centralized light voltage, and a global distribution of about 43% of light voltage in 2021. In 2022, with the outbreak of the conflict in the Russian Federation, traditional energy prices have risen, high electricity prices abroad have stimulated the spread of light voltage, the energy revolution has flourished, and the energy revolution has accelerated, with the country ' s 2022q1 distribution of light voltage supermarket expectations, accounting for about 43%.
By about 67%, we expect a global distribution of 48.5% in 2025, with a global distribution of 485gw measured in 2025, and a distribution of 235gw. United States: California forced the installation of a photovoltaic system, with an expected increase in distribution. US distribution of light in 2017-2019.
Voltage growth has slowed somewhat, but California in 2019 introduced a policy of mandatory photovoltaic systems for new buildings up to three floors starting in 2020, with US-distributed photovoltaics reaching 6.6gw in 2021, an increase of 18% compared to the previous year, and we expect a rapid growth in future distributions, with an expected increase in distribution ratios.
Europe: Distribution is more stable, maintaining high growth rates. Europe’s distribution is more stable, accounting for about 59% in 2021, Europe’s distribution of about 15.2gw in 2021, high electricity prices for residents of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, Europe’s distribution of high demand, and we expect Europe’s distribution of light to continue to grow in 2022, rising to 70-80%, corresponding to 70-80%.
China: Distributed photovoltaic economics are highlighted, and the share is expected to accelerate. In 2021, 500 million households benefited from supplementation, and our distributed photovoltaic machines reached 29.28gw, representing 53% of the new installed machines. In addition, the county as a whole is pushing for the opening of distributed long-term market space, and our distribution ratio is expected to accelerate.
Fixed spending on cable cables, lower taxes on cropland and roads, economics, high household rates of return, acceleration of businesses 40gw+, business 15gw+, distribution expected to reach 58%. Figure 18: China ' s distribution ratio (%)
Stable power + good policies drive the boom in the energy industry Stable and efficient power supply, and storage capacity develops into a certain trend. In recent years, the market share of photovoltaics has been shifting from centralized to distributed photovoltaics.
One, the storage reversible, is becoming a new strategic leader for traditional inverters as a preferred solution to secure continuous power supply. To achieve large-scale affordable access to the Internet, new energy generation requires, in addition to a further reduction in the cost of power generation technology, a call for more advanced FM peak technology to cope with power system regulation and power supply and demand.
There are mismatches. And storage technologies are like a cure for these problems, with their own absorption and release of energy that achieves the function of high-efficiency peak frequency, the smoothing down of new energy sources, the consumption of new energy sources, improving the quality of electricity, while also realizing the benefits of residual access and the full value of storage.
Domestic policies are intense, and follow-up policies are more catalytic. At the end of July 2021 to the present day, domestic policies have become frequent, guiding the 14th Plan for the provinces of origin to propose a 5-15% ratio of strong storage capacity, which exceeds the 20%*4h ratio of grid security, priority grid-based tariffs are set on the side of the user, and we have a difference in the price of the Grand Peak.
We believe that policies such as a separate system of electricity storage, new storage and distribution costs on the side of the grid will be introduced gradually, and storage policies will be improved. By 2025, overseas markets are expected to take the lead, and public projects will be matched with household demand.
Policies for the development of storage capacity. From 2017 to 2021, domestic and foreign reserves could grow rapidly, benefiting from the price-pricing system, variations in energy structures, and appropriate government subsidies. In 2020, the US stock market became the third largest global stock market, with public utility projects concentrated in a significant increase from 2021 to 2024, while the supply of electricity stimulating households was unstable.
With storage capacity demand, we expect the demand for new storage capacity in the United States to reach 138gw/441gwh in 2030. Europe opened its storage year in 2019, re-innovated in 2020, and jumped to the largest market in the world ' s accumulated storage capacity, with German and British leaders, Germany being the world ' s largest stock market, mainly as a result of high residential electricity prices and the shift of subsidy policies to domestic storage, and expected to be the largest in the world.
European storage needs reached 131gw/394gwh in 2030. Global new reservoirs are expected to open up high-speed growth space in the reverse transformer market by 2025, depending on technology routes, energy storage, output exchange voltage numbers, downstream applications, etc.
Specifically, the dimensions are classified. 1) Depending on the technical route, they are divided into centralized inverters, cluster inverters, bulk inverters and mini-reversers; the current domestic market for light-voltage inverters is still dominated by centralized inverters and cluster inverters, while other micro and bulk inverters account for less. 2) Depending on energy storage, they are divided into photovolts.
Net reverse transformers and storage energy inverters; 3) a number divided into single-phase reverse transformers and three-phase inverters based on the number of output exchange voltage; 4) a division into grid reverses and off-grid inverters based on whether the application is in a grid-connected or off-grid power generation system; 5) a division into centralized photovoltaic reverses and distributed photovoltaic inverters based on the type of application.
The market mainstream is divided into four main categories: ground-based power stations with grid-reversers (in combination of centralized and cluster), distributed grid-reversers, microreversers, storage-reversers.
A centralized inverter is the main solution for a ground station. For a large ground power station, it is possible to select a concentrated and a cluster inverter depending on the terrain. For a more flat terrain area, a centralized inverter remains the main solution for a large ground power station. A centralized inverter is used as a centralized mppt and a centralized grid-connection, with lower levels.
The annual share of centralized PV inverters dropped from 62% to less than 30%, and in the future, the market space for centralized PV inverters will be further compressed as a combination of string inverters permeate in large terrestrial power stations. The current centralized PV in-country manufacturers are predominantly sun-activated, upper-energy, super transformers, etc.
The first company to be listed as a national photovoltaic inverter has developed into a leading country in the field of centralized photovoltaic inverters with a high price and market potential. Since 2020, centralized photovoltaic power stations have used a large number of group inverters because of a high power trend in the combination invertors, a rapid decline in unit prices and a high value for money.
According to cpia, in 2021, the Chinese market for photovoltaic inverters continued to dominate, accounting for 69.6 per cent of the total, and would benefit from technological overlaps and accelerated precipitation in the future, with a continuous increase in the penetration rate of the chain inverters and a wide market space. Figure 25: Prices for the cluster inverters (mb/w)
2.2.2. Benefits for the beneficiary sector, profit for the distributed inverter, profit for the distributed inverter, profit for the better. The distributed market has a higher unit price and a better profit. In terms of unit prices, household invertor unit prices are much higher than those for commercial and industrial industries due to the large cost differences.
More applications are applied to centralized power stations, with 2b models having low unit prices, distributed markets with more individual consumers, differentiated products, and new entrants have difficulty breaking their client-brand collaborations in the short term, and class c-consumption properties are strong and profitable. As distribution machines increase, the number and value of inverters used across the industry has increased.
2.3.3. Overall security of function is good, microreverse occupancy is better than continued growth The overall security of microreverse function is better and costs are better at lower or lower power. The combination + optimizer/closer is still in operation, there is still a direct flow high pressure, there is a security hazard, there is an increase in failure points, and the post-sale dimensions are more complex and more sophisticated and are applied in larger power.
The cost advantage is more pronounced, but the combination + interlocking form has only a closing function and no other features, such as fire protection, while the microreverse function is more comprehensive and can be maintained for up to 25 years. In addition, the microreflexion in the small power band has been reduced to less than one gross, and in the power below 3kw, the price of the microrefouler has been lower than the band + optimifier/closer, with a slight reversal.
Europe and the US, the most important delivery region for mlpe, are accelerating their penetration, with the cost between micro-reversers and optimizers.
The gap is narrowing, the value of the value of the sex ratio is becoming more pronounced, and the share of micro-reversers in mlpe is rising, reaching 31.58% in 2020, and we expect that the next small-reverse ratio will continue to rise. And the important growth forces in Asia and Latin America as a microreverse market are costs due to the relatively low policy maturity and user-paying capacity.
We expect the size of the global market to be $21.213 billion in 2025. Assumptions: 1) based on previous global installation forecasts, 454gw in 2025; 2) projected global distribution ratio to 48.5% in 2025; 3) total
The world's micro-reverse penetration rate is 14 per cent, with a forecast of 220gw for global distributions in 2025, 30.83gw for global micro-reverses, approximately 212.13 billion yuan for global micro-reverse markets, and rapid market space growth. 2.3.4. Storage of trillions of blue seas, competition patterns are emerging.
Reversers require a two-way flow, with a high individual value, with a Maori rate of 40% or more between 2020 and 2021. Because most of the remodifiers are available overseas, the Māori ratio of storage reversors in 2021 was significantly higher than that of photovoltaic grid reversors in companies such as Gudway and Germany.
The storage market is booming, with hundreds of millions of blue seas attracting hundreds of millions of blue seas and more new entrants, and we believe that the core barriers are technologically and channeled, and the pattern is gradually emerging.
Solar power sources, Kostya, Gudwy, and Journey technology are all well-placed to store energy reversibles. In particular, face-to-face, a group of China's 2nd Plasma Reversers are actively searching for ways to break down the market. Sun power is built up with technology and channels in grid reversors to maintain domestic storage capacity.
Reversers + storage systems have the advantage of accelerating the flow of goods from overseas. The combustible reversor households have intensified their R & D and their exports in terms of storage of energy reversors, and we expect that there will be an increase in the share of subsequent and domestic deliveries in the market.
2.3.5. The reverse market is growing faster than the average growth rate in the industry, which is still close to 60%. Sun power has surpassed sma for the first time since 2015, and it has been second only to China.
The reversor's main manufacturer kept up the speed of the increase. The global reverse transformer's tap sun power came out in 2021.
The volume of goods was 47gw, far ahead of the industry. At the same time, it benefited from a massive increase in the demand for photovoltaics in 2021, focusing on the fast-growing volume of cargo from the coiled reversors, and about 680,000 in 2021, totalling about 14gw.
The world’s photovoltaic inverter market has been growing faster in recent years, driven by the growth of the global photovoltaic industry. Since 2017, the world’s photovoltaic inverter output has risen rapidly, rising from $1.5 billion in 2017 to $5.1 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 35.9 per cent.
The transformer growth is higher than the average growth rate in the photovoltaic industry. 3. Nets-plus storage combined with high growth in domestic production import support 3.1. Focus on low-pressure storage reversors, with strong product performance
Focusing on low-pressure storage reversibles and adapting to overseas household needs. The company's storage capacity is increasing, and the current owner will consist of 3-3.6kw, 3.6-5kw, 5-8kw single low-pressure inverters, mainly for domestic use, and will also develop low-pressure, 3-8kw inverters with increased power to adapt to larger household applications.
At the same time, the public-sector inverted products are equipped with smart surveillance platforms that can be shut down remotely in the event of an accident. With smart communication coupling functions, the existing grid system can be easily upgraded and the grid used more efficiently and securely.
Product performance is high, providing low-voltage household solutions. The company has developed seven to eight years of storage, with four types of power: wind power, photovoltaics, diesel engines, municipal power, supporting a maximum of 16 cogenerations, leading the country.
Critical loads are powered; using frequency drop control algorithms allows a combination of individual and three items for a maximum of 16 storage inverters, without additional controllers, with a maximum power of 80kw/128kw and a leading position within the industry. Thus, storage inverters of the company ' s household type are widely used in the context of charge and even co-connection, and are accessible to users.
In 2021, the company sold 38.8 million reversors, of which 7.03/21.5/10.29 million were stored/combined/micro-reverters, with 44.5 per cent sales. The company's storage capacity, which is dominated by households, is expected to account for more than 44 per cent of sales in the last three years, and remains the largest.
High demand in the market has led to a high premium, a higher price for the company’s storage reversibles and a higher Māori rate than any other type of product, 2021, a high-quality track for storage. The self-owned plus tag model coexists, with Germany enjoying the advantage of overseas distributors’ channels.
12kw, dominated by overseas markets, sold to the United States, South Africa, Pakistan, etc. Outsourcing is based on two types of own + tags, with companies selling 82% of the cards, including United States, Pakistan, and South Africa, where 60% of the tags are. Unlike their counterparts, companies are flexible in choosing their own brands/autonomous brands based on market barriers.
In the United States market, for example, foreign brands are harder to access, while local distributors have the advantage of access, and companies can effectively access the United States market using a sticker model that increases product diffusion efficiency and profitability while maintaining a high premium. Leading the opening of the American Reverse Responsive Power Market, with the market leading.
In the United States, reversible manufacturers competed with local brands such as Schneider, Sma, Tesla, with products dominated by low-pressure storage and retrochargers. US storage capacity needs a strong, tendentious and off-grid machine, and corporate production supports diesel generator replacement, matching US demand. First generation hybrid sun-8k-sg was launched in 2017 for the North American market.
A company that binds its tag-sol-ark in the United States for five years, allows only the only German supplier. The high demand in the United States market and its strong consumer capacity have resulted in higher product premiums, which now account for 18-20% of the company’s inverter revenues and 37-38% of the storage inverter revenues.
In South Africa, the market is 30% + and the company is in the top position, with thousands of installers and fast-growing markets. In South Africa, Germany has the largest number of autonomous brands, with 60% of tags on sunsynk, and 40% of sales.
South Africa, like the United States, has a highly volatile electricity grid and a high demand for off-grid rigidity, so companies are favored to move off-grid as a whole. South Africa’s market reserves account for 34-35% of the revenue.
In 2021, the company produced 70.3 million reversibles, 3.2. In Latin America and the rest of North America, there was a slight rise in reversibles, high product performance, a new product-rich matrix, and a delay in expanding the power range.
Reverse products are mainly two-to-four series, with a range of 0.25-2.00kw, with a relatively wide range of power, better than their overseas counterparts, with a performance density that is second to that of the country and far better than that of other competing players, and a firm's commitment to new product R & D that will introduce an eight-thousand and uncompensated micro-reversible product will enrich the company now.
Brazil is the main market for corporate emblems. In terms of distribution of corporate vendors, the main markets for German industries are Brazil, South Africa, Turkey, Poland, and as of December 2021, there were 83 vendors worldwide, including Brazil.
Twenty-nine vendors. In 2021, South American markets accounted for 70% of the revenue, followed by Europe, accounting for about 20%, Asia, about 10%, and Brazil, the largest market for corporate micro-reverse business.
In terms of single-watt costs, the company ' s micro-reverse single-watt costs are only 0.45/w, slightly higher than domestic producers ' costs, but they are still far below the overseas micro-reverse header ' s single-watt cost of 1.46/w. With the company ' s roll-out of a series of eight products, the public insignia costs are expected to fall to 0.5/w. The low-cost price provides a price advantage for the company, and the company ' s micro-reverse single price is only 0.5/w.
For $0.66/w, the lowest level of co-operation, well below the $2.43/w of enphase, while markets such as Brazil are more price-sensitive than those of Europe and North America, so that the low-priced assistive industry captures South America ' s share of the micro-reverse market. In addition, the company ' s advance against the largest market in the United States in the second half of 2022 and the relatively higher price acceptance of North American markets in the second half of 2022 will be conducive to higher corporate profitability.
In Brazil, the company’s annual micro-reverse and fast-disbursed market, with strong hand orders, received 39 million yuan in 2022q1, an increase of 123 per cent in the same year, and 2022q1, a slight reversal of about 40,000. With the company’s new output released in mid-April, the capacity will reach 4 billion in 2022, and the number of infractions will rise, and we expect the company to deliver about 400,000 in 2022.
The same-year increase is about 300%. 3.3. Grouped product has multiple advantages, value for money highlights group value for money, price strategy raises market share. Companies grouping product reversible.
lid 1.5kw-110kw, consisting mainly of household-oriented 1.6-6kw inverters, 30-50kw inverters for small businesses, and 70-110kw inverters for large businesses. A chain-based and network-based reverse transformer has a 1.5-fold ratio to the direct flow side, allowing system optimization to be achieved on the straight side, which means an increase in system returns and system electrode costs.
Reducing, maximizing overall gains, companies are constantly exploring a high proportion of renewable energy use to make significant progress. In terms of the reverse-market unit price, the German industry is well below the foreign firm’s selling price, is relatively cost-efficient, accelerates the reversal out of the sea, and can further raise the firm’s market share in the future through price strategies.
In recent years, the demand for installed machines in overseas markets has increased rapidly, domestic reversible exports have continued to grow, and competition has been benign. Companies have been sold to emerging markets such as Brazil, Poland, and India, with higher shares abroad. In 2018, the German industry opened up the Indian company ksolare, the reverse transformer delivery volume.
The Brazilian market has grown rapidly in recent years, with the German industry ranked second in output below 10kw power, after Gurevat, and Brazil became the main market for the company’s chained invertors. The domestic market was pre-arranged, and the supply was good.
The Division will actively promote the development of domestic markets and expand its overseas advantages to the domestic market, in cooperation with domestic home-based photovoltaic distributors. Companies are now the leading suppliers of domestic households, and are expected to increase their share steadily.
In 2021, 215,000 goods were delivered by a company ' s networked inverter, which is now $539 million, an increase of 265.53 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The 2022q1 series inverted income over the inverter 3.4. Overseas sales market competed and enjoyed an overseas premium dividend.
Overseas markets compete in different ways, with different advantage regions. Companies are widely distributed in overseas markets, with exclusive marketing channels in Brazil, South Africa and Pakistan. By brand and market distribution, Brazil had the largest share of 36 per cent as of 2021, followed by the United States by 17 per cent, South Africa by 16 per cent, Poland by 6 per cent, India by 4 per cent, and Pakistan by 2 per cent.
The U.S., South Africa. The sun power advantaged regions in Europe and the Americas, where great waves and Kudwei competed with their counterparts in the market. And companies have marketing requirements that encourage co-development if they fail to meet the power of agency.
The industry has grown more mature and clients are more product-oriented and price-sensitive, while domestic clients are more focused on high value for money and competition from manufacturers, making the Māori rate for overseas products far higher than in the country. In 2020, the average Māori rate for domestic producers abroad was 39.7 per cent, well above the domestic rate of 16.1 per cent.
High levels of Maori are confirmed. 3.5.igbt chips are nationalized, and cost advantages highlight the fact that the gbt is short of market demand, affecting the invertor industry chain. In light and wind, the gbt is photovolt and wind.
The core instruments of the wind-reverse transformer account for 20-30% of the value of the inverter. The most typical application is the photovoltaic inverter, which requires a large number of high-pressure, super-pressure, igbt modules, which converts the raw electricity generated by the photovoltaic into fine, smooth Internet access. In 2022, the photovoltaic industry is expected to grow by 50%, and the output of the retromoderators depends on the chips obtained.
In the long term, the global market for photovoltaic converters will grow from 45.8 billion yuan in 2020-2025 to 10,96 billion yuan, of which the domestic market will grow from 7.2 billion yuan to 16.4 billion yuan, and the foreign market will grow from 36.8 billion yuan to 91.5 billion yuan.
The PV will be 27.4 billion yuan and 4.1 billion yuan, respectively, using the market size of the igbt. The global shortage of the igbt chip, with German national production replacing the lead. The current supply of igbt is tight, and the industrial output ends are limited mainly to the igbt chip chain.
Even the higher power levels of the three are required for 75 and 1,200 volts of igbt. Industry supply is limited in the absence of cores, companies are actively trying alternatives to national production, and are now working mainly with Nuegenium, Stardill and Huayun, and the country is leading the industry in terms of evolution.
The cost advantage of a home-grown chip is highlighted, and the Māori rate is guaranteed. The efficiency of the home-grown igbt chip is close to 99%, but the price is lower than that of the imported chip, which is 20-30% lower than the cost of the imported chip, and can account for 8-10% of the cost of the inverter overall. Despite the power consumption of the home chip and the difference in stability in performance between imports, the German industry uses life-cycle laboratories for national production.
Igbt performs quality clearances and feed tests to ensure consistency and software suitability of the national product, and adjusts the quality of the original product as a whole. In the case of overseas chip price increases, the home chip maintains price stability and has a value-for-money advantage, so that the company has better cost controls and can also guarantee the Māori rate without raising the price.
The German industry has been increasing its cooperation with major importers such as Ansamyn and British Eagle, and in 2021 the firm has reached the highest-level customer classification of British fliers, thus gaining greater support on the supply side of the igbt. At the same time, the company’s nationalization is moving fast, with a supply-safe agreement with New Cleansium and a stable supply.
Due to the impact of the Hong Kong epidemic in China, import chips were strained in the first quarter of 2022 and throughout the year, but they benefited from high rates of national production, high levels of company support, and expected to double the volume of inverters. 1) We assume that in 2022, the stock/sequence inverter sales doubled, the mini-reverters tripled, and the inverse in general sold.
An average price of $2894 per station is sold, and later domestic firms compete abroad, not excluding the possibility of price wars, and we assume that reverse engines are going out to sea at an accelerated rate, low-pressure storage reversibles are safe and suitable for overseas household use; company heat exchange operations and photovoltaics are not as good as expected: the epidemic is reoccurring with greater uncertainty and may reduce some of the countries with severe epidemics.
Competition in the inverter industry has increased: later competition from domestic firms abroad does not rule out the possibility of price wars; prices are influenced by market supply and demand relationships, which may lead to a fall in the price of the inverter if the light voltage machine is far below expectations, thus affecting the price of the inverter.
Overseas trade policy changes: anti-dumping, countervailing investigation measures against domestic photovoltaic products in some countries and regions, and more enforcement measures in future overseas trade policies may result in inadequate supply of raw materials to the overseas markets of domestic reversifiers: short-term dependence on imports for raw materials, i.e., gbt, i.e., raw materials in photovoltaic converters
This report is presented in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained in the report are accurately reflected in this report.
A person’s personal views on the said securities or issuers; his specific proposals or views contained in this report are past, present or future, whether directly or indirectly related to his remuneration.