Quarterly Performance Review 2024: q3 Māori Rate Ring Piti rises to accelerate the advancement of technology innovation at the tipai
The combined effect of the exchange gains and losses has resulted in an additional financial cost of nearly 200 million.  Continuous expansion of product categories and acceleration of technology innovation at the end of the region: in September this year, the company first released a three-fold concept machine, phantommultimate2, under the flag tecno.
The second generation of the phantom series, flag ship phantomvfold25g and v flip25g, carrying a series of ai features, including ellai voice assistants; and the simultaneous release of tecnocamon20pro and tecnocamon30s, revolutionary photography technology and tecnocamon30s
In October, the Infinix brand published infinixhot50pro+, with creative superb design and powerful hardware configurations. On the one hand, in September, the Ticno official announced a new vision and an upgrade.
The joint laboratory, which combines technological excellence in the area of artificial intelligence, will accelerate the application and diffusion of the ai technology to smart terminals. The company will provide a powerful algorithm and application landscape support to the laboratory. The company will build technological channels such as video, games, ai, charge, basic experience, etc.
Core competencies, continuous technology overlaps and product upgrading to expand the competitive advantage of localized technology in emerging markets. Audio Holdings (688036): mid-2024 in innovation in the press.
Performance rating: robust growth in performance, differentiated advantages, improved multi-strategic layout, and growing combined strength. Companies seize opportunities for digital economic development, with product structure upgrades driving long-term growth.
On the one hand, the multi-dimensional approach to mobile Internet services + household electricity, digital components has been continuously refined to construct a multidimensional business growth model, while on the other hand, the advantages of branding, localizing transport camps, channels, management, supply chain management, integrated after-sales services, research and development have continued to be consolidated.
Audio Holdings (688036): 2023 newspaper and construction of global distribution networks covering Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, full-scale, one-quarter review of 2024: performance over expectations.
Building core competitiveness, firm market competitiveness, and business performance have steadily improved. With the new phase of CEMAC, “Emergency in emerging markets + product structural upgrading”, companies will develop a new business ecological model that deepens their own development and helps them.
The continent’s digital transformation. In September, a deeper partnership with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) continued to support UNHCR’s global primary education program.
The expansion of the company's mobile phone business and the upgrading of its product structure have resulted in increased profitability, and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of three major financial forecasting forms for audio-control holdings.