Active development of end-of-sideai products, deep into emerging markets driven by growth - Sound Holdings (688036.sh) incident evaluation report
Current operating income is 51,252 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.13 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies net of non-recurring gains and losses of 3,248 million dollars; steady growth in operating income and short-term pressure on profitability
In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved 51,252 million yuan in revenue, a combination of competition and supply chain costs, revenue in the third quarter of 2024 and active development of a mobile phone-aiization structure to form a matrix of high-flow products
In March 2024, the company launched tecnoaios, and in September, it launched a multiplicity of mobile phones carrying the power of the ai, including the second-generation flag of the phantom series, phantomvfold25g, a product equipped with a new tecnoai, including a call.
In addition, in September, the joint lab was officially unveiled in Shenzhen, where both sides will focus on large-scale language models.
The company actively explores large 1, Audio Holdings (688036): Superperformance.
Models and connectivity technologies to build a scaffold for multi-end integration, aios to anticipate, aigc+ diversity strategy to grow wide spatially System-level applications re-engineering, an end-side application and an ai cloud co-application
Broad 2024-04-29, development of a series of ai support applications and continuous iterative propulsion systems comprehensive 2, Audio Holdings (688036): 2023
For the first time, the market share of q4 was promoted to fourth place, local alimentation, enriching the corporate product matrix, and increasing core competitiveness.
Deepening into the strategic layout of emerging markets, growing space, strong profit-end growth, accelerating the growth of middle- and high-end companies, mainly in emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America.
In the first half of 2024, companies had a 14.4% market share in the global mobile market. In Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh, smartphone markets ranked first, and companies had a wide distribution of emerging markets.
Markets outside South Asia, such as South-East Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, etc., have a low level of presence in new markets, and there is much room for growth in the future. In addition, new emerging markets are currently in the market trend of “functional machine-to-intelligent switch” and are in general.
Emerging markets have a low penetration of smart machines, and as economic levels and consumer capabilities rise, the penetration of smartphones rises, with great potential for growth. It is expected that as companies develop their strategic profile in emerging markets, companies will continue to upgrade.
The growth potential of the field will be realized and the company will benefit from a sustained rise in revenue and profits, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
Mowzheng: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience, participation in the world.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.