Overreacting the market or the joint petrochemical loss event, pb low, maintaining the “buy-in” event: on 28 December 2018, the company issued a clarification announcement on media reports that the joint petrochemicals had partially lost oil prices during certain crude oil transactions and that the company was assessing them.
As a result of this incident, the company's share price has recently been significantly adjusted. 1. One-time gains and losses, with specific losses still under assessment, were 236.5 million tons of petrochemical crude oil processed in China and 235.5 million tons in China in 2015-2017.
238.5 million tons of crude oil were planned for processing in 2018, of which about 80 per cent needed to be imported. United petrochemicals became China's full-capital company, mainly involved in the trade in crude oil and petrochemical products. 420 million tons of crude oil were imported by China in 2017, of which 185 million tons were imported by the United petrochemicals, accounting for China.
According to some media reports, there are assumptions about the amount of the loss.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is still being assessed. The market value of the company has fallen by more than $70 billion since the outbreak.
China's petrochemicals (600028) are reported in China's petrochemicals 2018: good performance.
The oil-refining countries, the strong, the middle- and middle-price-friendly refining industries, have been able to achieve a high-redd and robust investment target that maintains “the international oil prices have been significantly adjusted since October 2018 to the lower-middle oil prices outlook.
In the future, we maintain our previous judgement that the core determinants of oil prices are still on the supply side and that China ' s petrochemical (600028) " Pacific Chemical " , in the interest of the oil-producing countries, increases in oil prices are in the interest of the oil-producing countries and, in the case of oligopoly markets, they are in the interest of the oil-producing countries.
China's petrochemicals report for the first quarter of 2018: Middle oil prices are about to increase. From the cost end, consider shale oil at a cost of US$ 45 per barrel or more. With the introduction of private refining, we believe that competition is inevitable.
The key factor in China ' s petrochemical (600028) " [Pacific Chemical] Level " , in addition to fluctuations in external oil prices, is the macroeconomic growth rate.
The company owns 260 million tons of refined oil, 11.5 million tons of ethylene, 10 million tons of acrylic, 1 million tons of bronze, 6.7 million of it.
Tons of polypropylene, more than 30,000 gas stations, good assets, competitive.
If the market or response to the joint petrochemical loss event is excessive, pb is low, and the “buy-in” is maintained, taking into account the large drop in the price of q4 oil in 2018, and the company’s projected losses in exploration and exploitation plates, stock losses and expected impairments, we lower the company’s profit forecast.
Large price fluctuations in products, combined petrochemical losses Profit projections and financial indicators: Overresponse to market or joint petrochemical loss events, pb low, maintenance of “buy-in”
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report