China's petrochemicals (600028.sh/00386.hk) showed a 20 per cent increase in their performance year-on-year, and the joint petrochemical event delayed an increase in their performance. The company issued a quick 18-year performance report and realized an operating income of 2.8 trillion yuan for the year.
After a sharp fall in oil prices in the fourth quarter of 18 years, there have been signs of a rebound of 25 per cent, and the oil price hub in 19 years is expected to be better than in the preceding period, with a subsidiary sales company expected to market its stock in 19 years, leading to an overall increase in the company's valuation, as well as a strong cash flow, with a high probability of continuing with a high bonus, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The combined petrochemical incident, stock loss and many other factors contributed to the underperformance: the company's performance in the fourth quarter was low and was largely driven by the rapid fall in international oil prices from high points in the fourth quarter, and the cumulative decline in Brent crude oil in the fourth quarter was 37 per cent, with a 10 per cent decline in the average ring value and a 10 per cent drop in the price of oil.
The fall in corporate profitability and the resulting loss of stock in part of the company; and the second is the fact that the company's full capital, the consortium petrochemicals, in the course of purchasing imported crude oil, misjudged the trends in international oil prices, and the lax trading strategy of the hedged operations, which resulted in the hedging of certain fields of crude oil.
At the end of the year, losses were incurred in the course of the fall in oil prices, resulting in a combined petrochemical operating deficit of around 2018, which is expected to increase net asset disposal losses in the fourth quarter compared to the same period in the previous year, with a certain increase in the annual average crude oil price upwards, a significant decrease upstream and a steady increase in downstream performance: 18 years Brent crude oil
The average price was US$ 71.69 per barrel, a 31 per cent increase in the same year, the rise in the price of crude oil led to higher upstream profitability, and the company’s exploration and exploitation plate was significantly reduced by US$ 25.440 billion in the first three quarters. On the other hand, the company achieved 2885 million barrels of crude oil in 18 years, vov-1.75 per cent.
Natural gas production, 97,711 billion cubic feet, yoy+7.08 per cent, together yielding 451.4 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, yoy+0.59 per cent. As a result of the rise in oil prices, the company produces 61, 65, 29, 39 million tons of gasoline, diesel, kerosene, and chemical light oil, respectively.
Youy + 7.24%, 3.06%, + 7.55%, yoy - 0.21%, total domestic sales of finished oil amounting to 1.8 million tonnes, yoy + 1.40%, and the average price of gasoline for 18 years, according to the National Development and Reform Commission, is 7632 yuan/ton, which is a strong profitability, leading to steady growth in the company ' s performance throughout the year.
According to media reports such as Bloomberg, on 14 January 19 the company's subsidiary China Petrochemical Marketing Ltd. has obtained approval from the State Council of China for a plan to show that sales companies now account for 50 per cent of the total, and net profits account for 34 per cent of the total.
As of the third quarter, sales companies had 30643 Chinese petrochemical stations for refuelling (gas) and 26981 convenience stores. Sales companies had a high probability of being marketed successfully in 19 and asset value revaluation was expected to lead to an overall improvement in the company’s valuation.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.