The Board recommended that the price of oil in the first three quarters continue to rise, the price of oil in the fourth quarter rebounded significantly, and the company’s exploration and development business lost significantly.
The average price of Brent's oil was $71 per barrel in the first half of 2018, resulting in a loss of $400 million in exploration and exploitation operations, compared with $35.8 billion last year.
The round-up of oil prices in the fourth quarter resulted in stock impairments and indirect loss of crude oil hedges. In 2018, the company accounted for $11.6 billion in asset impairment losses and $4.65 billion in combined petrochemical losses due to crude oil hedges. In terms of guaranteeing domestic energy security, the company significantly increased its spending on exploration and development capital.
Investment will focus on building the capacity of crude oil production, such as victory, north-west and the western coast of Chuan, to build the capacity of the mausoleum, glorious shale gas production, and to boost the construction of gas pipelines and reservoirs.
Annual crude oil production grew by 1.8 per cent over the year and natural gas production by 5.6 per cent over the year. The first quarter of 2019, when oil prices recovered from the previous quarter, allowed companies to generate some stock returns, and demand for manufactured oils was expected to decline significantly and exchange-rate risks were expected.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Pilot Zone, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B building, Law, using information on legal compliance, provides this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be associated with this report.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.