On 25 March 2019, the net profit of the shareholders of the division was 63,089 million yuan, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the previous year.
International oil prices in 2018 were the largest contributor to a steady year-round growth in performance, with the sharpest decline in upstream operations. Despite a relatively large decline in the previous and lower years, especially in the fourth quarter, the average price of Brent oil prices was $72 per barrel for the year, an increase of $17 per barrel over the previous year.
The company ' s upstream exploration and development plate lost a significant $35.8 billion on the same basis, excluding the effects of long-term asset impairments and operating losses of only $5.8 billion, which contributed significantly to the growth of its performance throughout the year. While the refining operations increased their production and sales on an equal basis, the rapid fall in oil prices over the past four quarters led to lower prices for finished oils, lower prices for finished oils and more refined oils.
The unit has reduced RMB 49/t in 2018 by comparison with the trend of depth 300 for refined petroleum products other than industrial raw materials. The chemical industry continues to increase the proportion of differentiated products and optimize the product structure.
The year-on-year performance showed a slight increase. Four quarters of the sales business earned $300 million, resulting in a 25.7 per cent decline in the year-on-year ratio, mainly as a result of lower oil prices and higher procurement costs. Other operations lost $9.3 billion, an increase of 107.2 per cent compared to the same year, mainly affected by miscalculations in oil prices (deficit of $4.65 billion) associated with the Central and Central Utilized Crude Crude Oil Conservancy.
\triangleright benefited from steady growth in corporate performance and good cash flows, and the company continued its high share of the 2017 margin, close to $280 billion, which is an effective guarantee that the company will continue to provide a higher share to investors in the future.
International oil prices have fallen sharply: PFO prices have fallen: reforms in the oil and gas sector have fallen short of expectations. 1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): the impact of the association event has been limited.
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized: Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computation of chemical and hydrocarbon resources) in association with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.