The combined events had a limited impact and performance continued to grow throughout the year. The net profit of the shareholders of the parent company was 62.4 billion yuan, an increase of 22.04 per cent compared to the previous year; the price of oil moved upwards after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses.
\triangleright 2018 International oil prices, despite their previous and lower levels, especially the sharper decline in the fourth quarter, averaged $72 per barrel for Brent throughout the year, an increase of $17 per barrel over the previous year.
The upstream exploration and development plate of the company suffered significant losses in comparison with the previous year: the refining and chemical industries were characterized by high volatility and profitability under medium oil prices; the sales business was robust. The company faced stock losses, asset impairments, and the unit was in comparison with the trend of deep 300 during the fourth quarter.
Multiple adverse factors, such as the loss of crude oil trade, continue to achieve a single-quarter profit of $2.4 billion without loss, reflecting a strong resilience to risk and ensuring steady growth in performance throughout the year. The combined events have had a limited impact, with a one-time loss, and no impact on production operations.
According to the company announcement, the connection event was only a one-time loss on the company’s crude oil netting business, resulting from a miscalculation of oil prices, and not from the sale options of the outside press, at a loss of $4.65 billion, well below the media forecast of billions of dollars. The event was a one-time loss, leaving no room for the company’s production.
The medium-term score is the highest in history, and the year-round score is worth looking forward to under the conditions of \triangleright, where we judge that the company will continue to pay back a high percentage of the money to investors in 2018.
Today, the world’s large oil companies average about 1.5 times pb, and only one times more petrochemical, and the company’s valuations have room for upward restoration and maintain a “recommended” rating. International oil prices have fallen sharply: PFO prices have fallen: reforms in the oil and gas industry have fallen short of expectations.
1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): The refined plates performed well, 2. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): performance increased significantly in the first half of the year and the medium-term red mark reached an all-time high
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with civil securities, conducting industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, 2015.
Li Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, Graduated from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and Specialized in Chemistry. Worked in China, Beijing, from August 2010 to February 2016, in the management of oil refining and chemical production techniques. Joined in March 2016, where he conducted research on the direction of petrochemicals.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,