2025q2 performance exceeded expectations, capacity released into the fast track - semi-annual performance review in 2025 & first-cover report
The same ratio +37.33% and the net profit from deductions to the parent is $4.707 billion, or +31.61% of the same amount. The new quadrupling of cars in 25q2 seasons brings structural opportunities and robust growth in car glass operations.
Other business accounts for $2,255 million, or 10.68 per cent of the main business. A series of policies to stimulate car consumption, such as new and new energy vehicle acquisition tax credits and new energy vehicles, have been introduced and settled in the country.
The company is in the lead in terms of technology within the industry, while taking advantage of the opportunities to increase marketing and create structural opportunities for the company to sell car glass. Demand: electricization and intelligence are important catalysts for market expansion, opening up room for car glass growth.
In a wave of intelligence, car glass is evolving from "windows" to "smart terminals," and the car glass is slowly expanding, stretching out heat insulation, sound insulation, heating, water aversion, radiating, antennae, light quantification, Hud frontal and panorama applications that drive car glass into front and back windshields, edge window, skylights, etc.
Netizen new energy vehicles are equipped with nearly 30% of the total, extending from high-end flagship to inclusive economy models; Hud penetration is rising to 15.58% in 2024, with companies primarily using both sculpted and plating processes, which have shorter development cycles and larger image sizes; and light glass as a mode of use.
The upgrade of the panorama has begun to be scaled up, with promising prospects; the glass antenna provides support for car intelligence, and the company has successfully developed 5g antenna glass with excellent product performance.
Two production bases capable of building a base for the construction of a new installation in the country (5.75 billion yuan/planning capacity of 2,619 million square metres), Fukugi Fouching (investment of 3250 million yuan/planning capacity of 20.5 million square metres), expansion of the United States Illinois production base abroad (investment of $400 million) and two domestic projects foreseen
(a) A series of domestic policies to stimulate car consumption, such as the introduction and landing of old and new sources of energy, tax credits for vehicle purchases, and the removal of new energy vehicles, have been introduced to drive the company.
(b) Accelerated release of domestic and foreign production and enhanced regional capacity and global delivery; and (c) intelligent panorama glass, condensable glass, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc.
I. q2 performance is higher than expected, and profitability is higher. A series of car-consumption policies, such as an acquisition tax credit, a new-energy vehicle, drive the company ' s car glass sales upwards; and (2) the proportion of high-value-added products, such as skyglasses, scalable glass, glass upshows, ultra-segregated glass, has increased.
The share of income from high-value-added products, such as skyscreens, modifiable glass and hud glass, rose to 58.7 per cent, up 4.81 percentage points from the same period the previous year, driving the increase in unit prices by 8.3 per cent over the same period, bringing the rate of new energy cars to 62 per cent, entering the leading supply chains of Tesla, Biadey, Uri, Ningde, etc., with a 45 per cent increase in revenues from related products.
Companies take advantage of opportunities to increase marketing and create structural opportunities for corporate car glass sales. The Māori ratio of 25q2 has increased over the same period and the cost ratio has decreased over the same period. The Māori ratio of 25h1 companies has improved as a result of further increases in the profitability of the United States factory phase, and Germany’s sam continues to lose while high value-added products, for example.
The proportion of smart skyscreen glass, modifiable glass, etc. has increased. The cost of 25q2 was 9.63%, compared to 2.74pct/ring ratio - the exchange loss of $14 million in the same period last year, which has had a clear positive impact.
R & D inputs accounted for 4.3 per cent, significantly higher than the industry average of 2.8 per cent, and were in the direction of priority layout smart glass integration, photo-volatile glass plating (93 per cent technical light permutation), 0.7 mm ultra thin glass (which has been ordered by Teslacybertruck) and hydrogen energy for the storage of composite glass materials.
Market demand is strong, high-value products account for a higher than expected increase in performance of 25q2 as a result of uplifting, expansion of capacity and globalization. 25h1 achieves a net return profit of $4,805 million, or +37.33%, and a net return profit of $4,707 million, resulting in synergies between the benefits and the industrial clusters.
Globalized, 2025q2 companies outperform their expectations for high growth. “Windows” have evolved into “smart terminals” with supply and demand resonance prospects; (i) demand: electricization and intelligence are important catalysts for market expansion
The traditional market supports the demand for car glass in a stable way, and the new demand for electric smart-induced bio-applications. According to the traditional car market, with the gradual recovery of the global economy and the release of demand for automobile consumption in emerging market countries, automobile production and retention have steadily increased, supporting the demand for car glass in a stable manner.
A growing number of new technologies have been integrated into car glass, and new demands have been placed on car glass. In a wave of intelligence, car glass has evolved from "windows" to "smart terminals." Car glass has gradually expanded into insulation, sound insulation, heating, odious water, radiating, antennae, light quantification, hud front and pan-scenes, which have driven car glass to respond to windshields, edge glass, skylights, etc.
The panorama has expanded from a high-end flagship to an inclusive economy. The panorama has evolved rapidly in recent years in terms of market penetration, technological upgrading, and consumer acceptance as a major configuration of new energy vehicles.
According to a monthly monitoring report on the technology and data trends of China ' s car smart cabin (March 2025 edition), in 2024 there was a 14.4 per cent increase in the domestic installation rate for the full-scope skyscreen, compared to the same period the previous year, with a 28.6 per cent increase in the assembly rate for new energy vehicles.
The cost has been gradually decreasing and is expanding from a high-end flag vehicle to an inclusive economy. In 2024, 1.5 to 300,000 of the new domestic energy vehicles (e.g., modely/3, ideal 1.6, millu7 etc.) have seen a significant increase in assembly rates; less than 150,000 new energy vehicles have been installed to improve competitiveness, and the Ministry has also installed a full-scope skyscreen, such as a scavenging plate, pelicanmonam03, scavenger c10, and long Xinse a07, among others.
With the latest glass-molding, packaged aggregate integration technology, the maximum size of the entire skylight window is nearly 3 m2 and the seamless title of the car is used to form a panorama window panel. Hud penetration is increasing, from high-end tags to full area coverage. Hud is able to combine vehicle smart information systems and project like this.
Navigation, maps, early warning, etc. are rich in images and symbols. During the journey, drivers do not have to look low to know about vehicle information, to be more specialized in hearing, and the size of the Hud (labelling) reached 3.5604 million in 2024, and the penetration rate jumped from 3.7 per cent in 2020 to 15.58 per cent in 2024. Hud results in a significant increase in the value of the front wind.
The plating glass has started to be scaled up as an upgrade to the panorama, and the development prospects are promising. With the continued penetration of the panorama, the plating glass has begun to scale on the new energy vehicle because of its advantages of privacy protection, energy conservation, sound insulation, etc.
Use. Currently, the company ' s light glass is loaded with multiple vehicle types, such as the lc light glass used in the glass behind Krypton 009 and the rear corner window, which can be isolated by 99% UV; the ideal moga second row, third row and rear windshields use dark, private glass with medium thermal insulation and automatic shades on the panoramic skylights. The company developed soft ec thin film in collaboration with the Tokyo East, with suitable curved glass to support the entire car ' s multi-areas.
As ec technology becomes widely available, material innovation breaks and cross-border cooperation deepens in the future, radiating glass will drive the movement experience from “tool use” to “ecological interaction.” According to the Bates consultancy, the global market for car light glass is expected to reach 5068 million yuan by 2030; and, according to the Shenzhen City flat board, China's automobile sector is projected to be re-lighted in 2025.
With 6,652 million yuan in market space, with a penetration rate of 20%. Industry’s competition will focus on technology rotation speed, vertical integration of supply chains, and cross-cutting ecological construction.
In the midst of a wave of intelligence and web connection, car glass antennas are rapidly evolving from auxiliary to core communications components. For the first time, companies have proposed innovative ideas for using the non-metal features of glass for antenna drainage, and have formed dedicated teams for research and development. The integration of antennas and glass has now been successfully developed to produce 5g antenna glass with a grid speed of up to 800 mps, which can easily download 100 mb of vision.
(ii) Supply: accelerated release of domestic and foreign production, with significant advantages in the global layout of globalization
The company has 12 production bases in the country, located in more than a dozen cities, including Fukugi, Changchun, Chongqing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and more than 40 million car glass. In 2024, the department launched two new projects in Fatty and Fuku Qing, with a projected investment of $3.25 billion in the construction of a zero carbon smart plant and a planned annual production capacity of 2,050.
10,000 square metres of car safety glass; $5.75 billion in compost for the construction of 26.1 million square metres of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines. Each of the two projects is expected to be completed by September 2025 and the remaining capacity is expected to be constructed by the end of 2025. In February 2025, the company invested nearly $700 million in a new project to build high-precision aluminium alloy metal accessories in Shanghai.
The company has established modern production bases and businesses in 12 countries, including the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, South Korea, and has set up 10 design centres and 2 research and development centres in China, the United States, Germany, and Japan.
Of this, Fukuga Glass USA Ltd. achieved a net profit of $3.852 billion, a net profit of $433 million and a net interest rate of 11.24 per cent.On March 18, 2025, the company announced that it would invest an additional $400 million (approximately RMB 2.9 billion) in the construction of a car-grade floating glass production line under the flag of Fyo Glass Ily Noi Ltd. in the United States to guarantee the supply of raw materials and reduce production costs.
We believe that the company’s performance in the second half of the year has largely benefited from: (1) a series of domestic policies to stimulate car consumption, such as the introduction and landing of new and new energy vehicles, tax cuts on their acquisition, and the removal of new energy vehicles, leading to higher sales of corporate car glass; and (2) an acceleration of domestic and foreign production capacity.
Releases, regional accompaniment and globalized delivery capacity; 3) intelligent landscape glass, radiable glass, up-scaling glass, 1 and risk of price volatility in the industrial chain. The cost structure and income structure of the company is influenced by raw material prices, prices of upstream and downstream products in the industrial chain, and is large if the price of the industrial chain fluctuates through the General Assembly, affecting the performance of the company and the stability of its operations.
2. New energy vehicles have less penetration than expected. If new energy sources do not reach as much as expected, the sale of products such as the skyscreen and the hud will be affected, and corporate profits will be pressured. 3 - Technology upgrades are less than expected. Technology is the core competitiveness of the company’s products, but technologies such as the luminous glass are more difficult to deliver.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.