In the first half of the year, the net profit was 37% higher than in the second half of the year, 49% more than in the medium term. In the first half of the year, the net profit was 37% higher than in the first half of the year.
+17% (marklines caliber, global vehicle output is equal to +2%); net return to the mother is $4.8 billion, a further increase in the same year; 3) corporate mitigation efficiency accelerates, and scale effects continue to materialize. Car glass smart evolution accelerates, and the industry is expected to enter a new flashpoint.
4 m2+, with intelligent upgrade space, speed up skyscrapers such as those in Biadey in recent years, light up the sky to 200,000 car models, BMWs, and millimeters to propose p-hud concepts, and speed up the upgrades. With a focus on technology, smart skyshelms, glass-showing, displays of skyscrapers, etc., it is hoped that a new wave of eruptions will take place.
At the end of the scale, the company’s global market for 24 years is 36% +, compared to 46% increase in the net return profit from the same year.
At the end of the price, the price of a single square metre was raised from $174 in 20 to $229 in 24 years, and the cagr, Fulbright Glass (600660.0sh) - a single-quarter income innovation, with a year-on-year net interest rate equal to that of the average.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - The scale effect continues, the three-quarter Maori rate ring, Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Global Revisiting and Outlook of the Glass of Autobonds - Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a "better than the big city" rating. The company is the global carbone.
(ii) Single square metre increase in value (hud, luminous, plating, insulation, wrapping, 5g communications, etc.), vehicle value
From $600 to $1,000 to $2,000 for the forward period. Taking into account the growth of high-value-added products from companies, and the positive growth of overseas, the global balloons have maintained a “better than the big market” rating.
In a single quarter, 2502 companies achieved revenues of 11,537 million yuan, compared to 21 per cent, ring + 16 per cent, and a net return of 2025h1 companies continued to win global car production of 14 pct. Since 2013, the annual pick-up rate for Fukuga Glass and the quarterly pick-up rate have moved to roughly the same level as that of the domestic car market industry, with an absolute rate of increase in revenue in absolute terms.
At a somewhat higher rate than industry, according to the China-China Air Association, the domestic automobile industry produced 15,62 million vehicles in the first half of 2025, an increase of 12 per cent compared to the previous year, and corporate car glass receipts increased by 16 per cent over the same year, exceeding the industry by 4 pct. According to marklines, global automobile production in the first half of 2025 was 4.48 million vehicles, an increase of 2.07 per cent compared to the same year, the company.
Carglass revenue has grown faster than the global automobile industry by 14 pct. Figure 5: Automobile/car fleet productivity increase relative to the Fulbright glass camp increase, Figure 6: Automobile/car fleet productivity increase compared to Fulbright camp increase relative to the Fulbright glass camp increase rate quarterly
The price of raw materials has contributed well, and it is hoped that the price of raw materials will continue to benefit from the fall in prices of raw materials and maritime transport. The core of the company has declined significantly, and the raw materials continue to contribute well.
The benefits, on the one hand, have benefited from the fall in the price of shipping fees, which began to rise in March 2024, with the effects of scale continuing to materialize, and the company’s profitability improving over time. Figure 9: The company’s raw materials continue to make a good contribution
The four-degree rate is 9.6 per cent, corresponding to 2.7 pct, where the sales/management/research and development/financial cost rate fluctuates significantly, mainly as a result of 24 years of further strengthening of the system of retrospective quality management of the entire industrial chain of car glass, and the adjustment of packing costs to operating costs; the financial costs are mainly affected by exchange rate gains.
In the case of the situation, the level of corporate profitability, the financial position, the cash flow situation, the distributionable profits and the return on shareholder investment, it is proposed that the share of cash be allocated to all shareholders (including a shareholder and h shareholder) for each share in the middle of 2025 in the amount of RMB 0.90 (including taxes) for a total of RMB 2,349 million, representing 49 per cent of the net profit of the current parent.
The four stages have led to a new phase of rising prices for sea-going and high-value-added products. The auto glass industry has an oligopoly pattern, with a domestic market of more than 70% and a global market of more than 70%.
36%, the youngest and fastest-growing member of a big car glass supplier. The core competitiveness we've got is the rapid laying of the glass, the vertical extension of the industrial chain and the genetic dividend of a highly asset-intensive industry, the competition that is reflected in the company's high Maori, its high market share, and the historical history of the Favour Group and its founder, Cao.
Mr. Devon's curriculum vitae, we believe that the core competitiveness of the company was formed at the following critical points. 1) In 1987, a joint venture between China and China was set up; 2) in 1995, a major focus was placed on building a “favour” brand to accelerate the expansion of productive capacity after listing; 3) in 1999, San Goban temporarily withdrew from the Chinese market and Fukuo continued to promote the domestic layout; 4) in 2004 he made his own decisions.
Floating glass, improving industrial chain autonomy; 5) accelerated trip to the sea in 2015, with overseas plants providing a global vehicle company; 6) global car glass peaked in 2020, entering a new two-tier growth cycle. Fukuyo now holds more than 36% of the global market share of car glass, overseas layout (Europe, North America) and continues to improve profitability.
The price of bicycle glass has risen, and the performance at the current point has been more certain and more valuable. At the end of the spectrum: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, and the global market share is expected to continue to rise. In 2024, the company sold 155.87 million square metres of glass, at 4.33 square metres of glass per vehicle.
10,000 vehicles, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, 36 per cent of the global market for corporate car glass +, corresponding to +1.88 pct. 4 per cent of the annual growth in vehicle glass usage is converted to the sale of corporate car glass, measured for information purposes only,3 and after-sale market demand is measured at 10 per cent of pre-loading)
Fukuyo’s domestic layout has continued to expand, building up domestic production capacity around the main plant and the port in 11 cities of the country, with some 32.5 million units in the country, supported by floating French lines such as Fukugi, Chinalli, and Fertilizer. Considering the country’s domestic marketing and export burden of Europe and the United States, and given the high demand for glass and the high capacity of companies,
The company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukuking plants and is expected to invest $3.25 billion in the construction of 20.5 million m2 of car safety glass production scale in Fuku Qing and $5.75 billion in fertilizer for the construction of 26.1 million m2 of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines.
Two car-grade floating glass production lines. Both are produced. Two floating glass production lines are planned for the construction of the second phase of North America, and the global layout of high-value-added products is improved.
In North America, the company invested in a car glass production base in Ohio, United States (phase I), which began production in August 2015, and the company's largest global car glass monobody factory in Ohio, United States of America, which began production in October 2016, with an original US capacity of 5.5 million.
The new production capacity for high-value-added products such as plating the curtains, lacquer windows, and improving the layout of high-value-added production lines overseas. We believe that the expansion of this replenishment is expected to open a new cycle of capacity and continue to strengthen corporate head firms.
At the end of the price: continued research and development of inputs, higher value-added products as a percentage of the increase.
The size of the vehicle is expected to increase in synchronous fashion. In the 1990s, the size of the vehicle's glass has reached 4 m2, and, after the development of the need for the skyscreen glass, open panoramic windows, etc., the size of the vehicle's glass has now reached 5 m2, making it the largest spare parts for the vehicle, taking into account the current penetration rate of the country's full-scope window, which has reached 49%.
Infiltration has reached 18%, product penetration has been gradual, and the demand for differentiated competition has forced the industry to further overlap. The glass area of the bicycle is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart light-shifting and thermal insulation, is expected to accelerate entry, and smart car lights, smart interiors, etc., provide intelligent driving experiences, and a wide space for the car market.
To maintain a competitive advantage, the Fukuyo Group has created a research and development team of over 5,600 people and has spent more than 4% of its annual revenues on innovative research and development, higher than overseas car glass taps. Fukuyo is now 100% autonomous, hosting or participating in core technology.
By the end of 2024, Fukuyo Group's sales of high-value-added products had risen by 5 pct over the same period of the previous year. From breaking technical barriers abroad to exploring future innovations, a new industry pattern led by glory has evolved, with high-value-added products on board, and bicycles.
The skyscreen is comfortable, the privacy needs are up and there's plenty of fresh glimmers to store, and the plating skyscreen is expected to break out at the moment. Foyo takes the lead in the skyscreen field, actively layouts the plating, plating products, and has been supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car.
Pdlc radiating glass, of which pdlc can modulate the panorama skylight glass as an integral part, is set in the map free, with a 10-degree light level modifier, with 99% of UV cut-off; the thermal variable glass can customize multiple glass colours and the colours can vary depending on temperature; ec radiating the skyscreen has low foginess, automatic sensitivity, insulation
Insulated UV, etc., with a gradientd colour-modified light in arctic helium 001, wide-blown aionsplus, Biadi seal, etc. Figure 15: Freepdlc modulation + plating panorama
The front glass matches the hud needs, and the plating product starts to get in the car. The automobile industry will range from a small 2d screen installed on the dashboard to a new generation of 3d boost-up-ups (ar-hud) where images can be integrated with the vehicle ' s external environment.
The glass millers are concerned with changes in front, layer pressure processes, layer thickness and scaffolding to ensure that the hud projection is true, and there is a silver plating scheme for cars such as Misu7 that further upgrades to thermal insulation and upgrading of front row comforts.
The value of the glass is expected to increase from $1,000 to more than $2,000. Fukuyo has now made a breakthrough in the core technical areas of the car, key glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
The combined antenna's ecrfid 5g glass, intelligent panorama glass, and so on. To the end of the vehicle, it is represented by the skyward upgrade of the plating, front-curve upgrade of the Hud, side window upgrade of the soundproof glass, the increase in the vehicle value from the previous $1,000 to 2000 level, and the company's forward growth.
Investment proposal: to continue to recommend a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Higher profit forecast, better than the big market rating.
In the medium term, in the context of the high market share and low client concentration, there is a strong certainty of performance growth, and the expansion of capital such as North America, Fukugi and Fertilizer is expected to open up a new cycle of productive capacity and expand corporate steam.
The global market share of the glass business is expected to increase continuously; in view of the large trend of intelligence in the long term, car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres (area) in the case of single car glass; and 2 square metres in the case of single square metres (film plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modulation, 5g communications, etc.), from $600 to more than $2,000.
Taking into account the fact that the company's profit recovery and exchange performance this year is exceeding expectations, we have adjusted our profit projections upwards to the expectation that the data used in the report for 25-27 years will come from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author