Super-expected mix, or see the "New Gravity" (000651) event evaluation report.
Event: Gretel is to agree on the transfer of 15% of Greco's total stock held by Greco by means of a public call for the grantor.
The Goliath Group will follow up on the development of a specific case for a public call for transfers, which is subject to approval by a competent body, such as the State Administration, and there is uncertainty as to whether and when approval can be obtained.
It is proposed to transfer 15% of the GG ' s total share in electrical power by public call-off agreement, which may change from a state-owned enterprise to a mixed ownership without real control. 3.22% of the shares are retained.
The group still has the right to nominate its directors and has an understanding seat, and the group still has some options for the company that are pending, and management will either increase the shareholding ratio.
Circulation b/h shares (millions) are also ideal transfer options, and management is expected to hold more shares through concessionary or equity incentives, which will further bind management ' s related interests to the secondary market.
The market undervalues the ability to diversify, or to diversify. The market undervalues the ability to diversify, or to liberate the power of the power.
This sub-programme would be smooth and result in a diversified equity structure for shareholders, improved governance structures for companies, improved management discourse or further upgrading, and a clear and broad picture of corporate diversification in the future.
1- "Greaths (000651.sz) 2018 Quarterly Report Review: Good and Good Operation, Over-expected Growth" 2 and "Greaths (000651.sz) 2018 " :
The industry continues with a strong growth in corporate performance,3 and "Greaths (000651) 2017: sales continue to go well, high growth is expected to continue"
4- "Grey Electrics (000651) 2017: a strong industry and a steady increase in profitability " .
1.1. Over-optimal transformation, further fragmentation of shares of 1.1 firms or unincorporated enterprises, greater risk of unmanageable company ownership of shares of the power appliances, with further fragmentation of the shares of the first equity group
By comparison, the Greco Group, which accounts for 18.22% of corporate shares, proposes to transfer 15% of Greco ' s stock held by the Greath Group through a public call-off agreement, which exceeds the 5% expected before the market. At present, the specific programme of public call for transfers is being further developed. After this transfer of shares, companies are more likely to move from state-owned enterprises.
Transformed into a hybrid ownership without real control. Figure 1: Modified equity structure conjecture 1.2 Preserves part of equity, and Grigg still has some influence
After transferring 15% of the shares, Greco still holds a large share. Historically, Greco’s share in Greco Electrics has been declining, and in 2007 10% of the total share capital was transferred to the Channel Control Platform, which has since maintained the status of the second largest shareholder in 12 years.
The share falls to 3.22%, or changes will affect the company’s controlling shareholders and actual controllers. The retention of 3.22% of the shareholding remains a nominee for the group, with an understanding seat, and the group still has some influence on the company.
The scheme is to be determined, and management will either increase the shareholding ratio to $41.2 billion. ... This amount will be significantly different from what was previously expected. ... There is some pressure to be granted through mbo or Kyoto guarantees.
In addition to taking over from General Assembly enterprises, multiple forms of transfer are ideal options, and management is expected to hold more shares through concessions or equity incentives, which will further bind management's related interests to the secondary market.
The market underestimates the ability to diversify, or mix with, or free from the power of the power. The diversity path of the retrace of the history of the power has yielded great results from a deep perspective, with penetration and coverage up the chain of industry increasing the overall level of processing, design, and profit.
In the area of cellular phone, for example, G.G. has invested only 100 million in the field of mobile phones, and diversification is prudent. Such a programme would be smooth and result in a diverse equity structure for shareholders, improved corporate governance structures, management voice or further upgrading, and a clear and broad picture of corporate diversity in the future.
The source of financial prosperity in the East.
The research assistant brief closes his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.