Greco appliance controller may change, expected to raise the value, Lee Seonhai incident: Greco appliance issued a stop call on April 1, 2019, and company holding stockholders.
Liam is planning to transfer some of the shares held in power electrical appliances, which may involve a change in corporate control, s03405120006. On 9 April, the company issued a copy of the announcement that the shareholders in the holding were to agree through a public call for the concession.
A transfer of 15% of the stock held in the total stock of the power appliances is considered: this transfer may result in a change in the shareholders and actual controllers of the company.
The average arithmetical value of the daily weighted average price for the trading day for the GG ' s total stock held by the GG is proposed to be transferred through a public call on the recipient party to calculate the GG ' s total transfer under this agreement
Upon completion of the transfer, the company-owned shareholder GWG would have reduced to 3.22% of the company, so that the company would be controlled by the company.
The stockholders and the actual controllers may change, and if this agreement is transferred to a single shareholder who is not the second largest shareholder, the Grigoys Group may become the third largest shareholder. The Gravity appliance governance structure is expected to improve, and the valuation is expected to rise.
About 10 times, there is a larger difference in dynamic valuations than about 18 times that of a group of label-Americans, and there is a governance gap in the light of gravity, the bright business performance of electrical appliances, such as the co-benefits of this shareholder with the company
In the context of the expected improvement, the value level of the glycerine appliance is expected to converge with the American conglomerates. The public call for a 12-month maximum price will be subject to strict and detailed conditions, which in some ways can be seen as a targeted call.
December Minimum price ($) Grantees, where the current market speculation for equity transfers is made by the Alibaba Group, the Dong Mingju Regiment and the system of distributors, other State Treasury enterprises, etc., e.g., power appliances, etc.
The value of the long-term investment in power appliances is still to be expected. Japan’s earlier release of the power in 2017 ranked first in the world of household air conditioning with an absolute advantage of 21.9%.
According to statistics, in the first half of 2018, the GAC continued to run the country’s central air conditioning industry at a market rate of 17.03%. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2017, households in our towns and cities had an average of about 128 air conditioning units per 100 households, and in rural areas an average of about 53 air conditioning units per 100 households, and three.
There is still much room for improvement in the rate of air conditioners in urban and rural areas below the 4th line, in comparison with Japan and Korea, in addition to the diversified development of company-owned appliances, smart equipment, etc. Since the company's listing, the accumulated cash share has been about $45.4 billion, the cumulative share has been about 36.87%, and the company's share has been about 36.87%.
G.E.G. is now valued more clearly than against the company, and equity transfers are governed by 300 indexes of depth for the “market index” of this rating system. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective knowledge of what I know.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.