The high level of stock held up for a quarter is due to high-channel stock levels and seasonal factors.
The fall in the distribution ratio reflects the fact that the power is retaining cash, which may be used for mergers and acquisitions. Given the vision of the city’s government to sell shares, the company’s valuation remains historically high, but ultimately the buyer remains unclear.
Gally high-channel stocks, slow growth in profits per share, and historical high-value valuations have led us to be cautious about the shares, and to consider lowering the rating to "show out." We continue to give the power 9.5-fold target of a market gain in 2020.
In the first quarter of 2019, Georgian revenue growth slowed to 2.5% on a year-on-year basis, compared to 32% in the fourth quarter of 2018. We believe that the slowdown was mainly due to higher levels of stock in the channels after filling the distribution channels in the second half of 2018, but seasonal factors also had some effect. Cmm data (figure 2-7) show that the retail volume of air conditioners increased in March, so we expect it to grow.
For 2019, Grigori thought it would be possible to achieve a low double-digit increase. However, we believe that the high base and high-channel stock in 2018 may continue to drag on the sale of power, and we believe that it is more likely that the medium-unit increase will be achieved.
R & D and sales costs put pressure on profitable growth, recognizing that its single market, single product strategy, limits the growth potential of companies. Therefore, the company is trying to expand its operations to new businesses such as small household electricity, smart equipment, and semiconductors. For example, the G & D expenditure as a proportion of sales.
We believe that, as the power continues to invest in new product lines, an increase in sales costs may also put pressure on companies’ profits. In recent years, the share of company sales in sales has declined from about 15% to 9.4% in 2015-16, but as the power invests in the development of new products and diversified revenue mix, we believe that it will be possible to increase the cost of sales.
Historically, Grigori has maintained an interest rate of about 70%. And even though the company’s cash reserves this year amounted to about RMB 113 billion, the company’s rate has fallen to about 50%, reflecting the company’s retention of cash for mergers and acquisitions.
Zhuhaigreggroup hkex (stockconfect) will help improve in recent weeks, as news suggests that the government is seeking to sell 18% of its stockholdings.
Hebeijinghai Enterprise decision-making and measures to improve management equity incentives. However, who is the buyer is still uncertain, and we believe that the current valuation of the dynamic margin of about 12 times is unlikely to be sustainable (figures 8-9). Given the company ' s high pipeline stock, there is a lack of new and possible options
In recognition of the long-term growth drivers, and of the unincorporated corporate strategy, we are cautious about the future growth prospects of the Grigo’s operations, which account for about 88% of total revenue, and whose revenues are almost entirely dependent on China’s domestic market. On this basis, we believe that the G’s potential should be more favourable than the presence of his counterparts, Haile and America.
Jeffreydorr Zhang Kai, cpa
♪ China free inventoroverhangweighson 1q19 results ♪
I'm sorry, gentlemen, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Inventiveventuresareintoimpactgree'sopexlineandmay targetprice: weighonthecompany'searingsgroveth.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here, it's been a long time since I've been here.
Reuters: bloomberg: tprommb40tmb44, downgradingtosollonvaluunds.wecontinue
Tovaluegreeat 9.5x202020per. rmb334,354m averagedaily turnover:
I mean, when they're 2018 years old, wethin1q19revenue growthwasasurprisatetownside.gree'srevenueslowedto 2.5% yoyin1q19vs. currentshareso/s:
32% Grovethin4q18. Wethinktheslowdownwasmostlyonacountohhighchannel inventoryvels
Upinmarch, soweexpect2q19toshowsomeimprovementmovingintethpeak season.for2019, greenbelieveslowdouble-digitgrothisachievable.however,we thinkthehaghbasein2018andhghchannelinveldelevelsalleerelitetocontinue
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, hetorily, greenhasmaita~70% Payoutratio.thisyear'sreductionto~50% soggeststhecompanyis with holding cashform&activity, despatetsashreservesof ~rm113bn.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
3% and 4% onaslightlyimprovingrevenueoutookandrollforwardwardwethinkgree'ssharerereregionalworth 47pershare, or 15%downside.jeffreydorr
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
This study is not directed at or intended to be used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside certain jurisdictions whose distribution, publication, provision or use would be contrary to applicable local laws or regulations or would result in registration or authorization by members of the Chinese Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Galaxy International Securities”) and/or its group in that jurisdiction. ]
The report shall not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any document. The past performance shall not be regarded as an instruction or assurance of future performance, and the absence of a statement or assurance, express or implied, is made for the purpose of future performance. The person receiving the report shall be aware and aware of the purpose of his investment and the associated risks, and shall consult with his independent financial adviser before investing.
The information, observations and projections in any part of the report reflect only the individual opinions and opinions of the analysts responsible for preparing the present report, which are not necessarily consistent with the investment decisions of Galactic International Finance Holdings Ltd. of China, its subsidiaries and subsidiaries (“Galactic International of China”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“associated persons”).