In the evening of April 29th, the company published a quarterly report in 2019, and in 2019 it achieved total operating income, Lee Longhai.
The company's performance has returned to industry levels and its stock has fallen. In the first quarter of 2019, the company reported an increase of 2.49% and a net return profit of 1.62%, respectively.
The industry is moving closer, and industry online data show that in the first quarter of 2019, the Central American air conditioner combined s034018060029 increased by nearly 4 per cent in retail sales of domestic air conditioning terminals in the first quarter of the year, compared with 2.6 per cent in the delivery of goods, table
There is a weak recovery in end demand. According to the industry’s online surveillance of stocks, by the end of March, the total stock of household air-conditioning had fallen below 48 million, including industrial and channel stocks, down from the historical highs of February.
Non-net profits increase faster and the amount of non-recurring gains and losses is significantly lower. The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies less non-recurring gains and losses increase by 22.16 per cent over the same year, while the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increase by 1.62 per cent over the same year, mainly by a significant reduction in investment returns and fair value changes.
Changes in fair value and gains and losses on investments under trading financial assets and liabilities for 2019q1 represent a greater decrease in net operating cash flows and a faster increase in accounts receivable compared to last year ' s roe (ttm).
Cash, overhead and R & D payments, refund of advances, of which sales, are made in the annual report under the heading “payment of other business-related cash”
The largest share (more than 80 per cent) of cash paid for fees, a significant increase in cash paid for the management and R & D costs of 2019q1 as compared to the sales costs of 2019q1 companies, and a significant increase in the return on sale of distributors during the quarter of the year.
This is an increase of 28.88%, but accounts receivable have increased by 44.69% over the same period, accounts receivable have increased by 34.41 billion yuan a quarter, and companies may be more proactive in their marketing strategy. Given the high output and market activism of their competitors, the average price of domestic air conditioners in February of this year was higher than the average price of retail air conditioners.
Investment recommendations: maintenance of recommended ratings. Corporate leaders are strong, diversification is beginning to show, expected valuation increases - equity transfers are expected to slow down, but the industry is long-term, taking into account its stock and property sales.
We maintain a recommended rating based on the same growth trend and the low level of corporate valuation.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.