Sinjiyama's business is growing up, and research and development is doing well.
The principle that corporate innovation-driven R&D is “inputed on demand, without capping”. In 2018, 13683 patent applications were completed, of which 7462 were patented for inventions.
The number of patents granted for inventions reached 1834, ranking the sixth in the country, and the breakthrough of the China patent award in the air-conditioning industry has contributed to the deep convergence of intellectual property rights and industrial development.
"International lead" technology, high-end technology breakthrough to speed up speed. Deep-farming, fine-lined. Glycerin runs a full-channel distribution network to improve offline and offline operations.
By the end of 2018, the power had held more than square metres. On the line, it was maintained that the “quality power provider” was the best route, and in the case of well-known third-party power suppliers, the sales of power-efficient machines increased significantly, from 7 per cent to 8.2 per cent last year.
Basic data: Air conditioning slowed down in the second half of the year and increased income from other household categories in December 2018. Air conditioning grew at an 18-year rate of increase in revenue, 65 per cent a year, a marked increase from 18H1 (55.68 per cent); refrigerators sold throughout the year.
With a 3.9% decline in the same year, the Crystal Hong Kong refrigerator grew by 50.3% in the same year, first in the industry, and the head office continued to have a high share. The company announced the annual profit bonus scheme for 2018, which it intends to find in all 10 shareholders 15 yuan (including taxes) of the gold dividend, to be added to the distribution of profits for the previous 2018 h1
Cfa \triangleright 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
The stock of air conditioners is under pressure, high-end equipment and communications equipment are advanced less than expected and exchange rate fluctuations are significant.