The colored industry: Shandong Gold, 18 March 2019.
Industry perspective this week: Precious metal prices are warming, domestic supply of rare earth is contracting.1 Precious metal prices are warming. As of 15 March, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were $6410 per ton, $1868 per ton, $2839.2 Domestic supply of rare earth or will contract.
Our imports of rare earth are mainly from Myanmar, which, since May 2019, will re-impose a total ban on the import of rare earth mines into China, which will inevitably affect market supply. We believe that domestic supplies of rare earth in 2019 will either shrink beyond expectations.3 Simm publishes production data for China's basic metals in February 2019. In February, we produced 71.96 million tons of electrolysis copper, an increase of 2.19 per cent compared to the previous year; and electrolytic aluminium production.
2.683 million tons, a decrease of 1.54 per cent in the same year; 225,000 tons in primary lead, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year; 42.04 million tons in refined zinc, a decrease of 8.45 per cent in the same year; 12.11 million tons in electrolytic nickel, an increase of 9.32 per cent in the same year; and 4, the demand for lower-silk lead.
According to a smm study, lead batteries are now largely back in operation, and lead insuffers are taking place. However, most batteries are not yet fully produced, because [excellently] the industry is a product that gathers policy foresight, and in March and April it is still a low-season season for traditional consumption.
Market hot spots, industry depths, etc., have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
The period is updated weekly, with a follow-up point if the offer remains unchanged, and a justification if the offer is made. [Excellently pushed]: Shandong Gold (600547).
\triangleright \ \terror}We're the best for the next three months, I Shandong Gold (600547)
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, build one, and we see future gold prices. Since 2018, as global trade has changed, economic growth in both emerging and advanced economies has returned.
For the first time since 2016, Imf has lowered global economic growth forecasts and lowered United States economic growth forecasts. Federal Reserve Chairman Powell's latest statement refers to Building 1 of the 9th House of Downtown West Side, Beijing.
In our view, this is an indication of the Fed’s future interest rate increase and rhythm. We see that the yield spread between US public debt over the 10-year period and two-year period is shrinking, and that there is a risk of a reversal of the yield curve, which means that America’s future economic situation is not promising.
The Fed will raise interest again once in 2018, three in 2019, and one in 2020. According to the latest Federal Fund interest-rate futures deal, the Fed could raise interest one time in 2019, with little chance of raising interest more than three times.
19.39 tons, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period. Because of the relatively fixed cost of selection, companies will benefit from higher gold prices. \triangleright futuresmarkets, publication of well-known European-American periodicals such as journalfoliomanage, journalftraining.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.