The non-ferrous industry: Shandong gold, Sinda's brilliant push, industry perspective this week: prices of basic metals continue to rise, and the Peruvian earthquake may affect the supply of copper.
The smm data show that the lead battery industry in the five provinces began 55.78% of the total last week, an increase of 17.22 percentage points from the previous week, with a marked recovery in the area of Jiang Zian. According to the smm, lead battery companies are now largely back in operation, and lead soaking banks are on the move. However, most batteries are not yet fully produced because they are still in the traditional low-consumption season in March and April.
Ten thousand tons, or 0.5 per cent less than the same year; 274,000 tons of raw lead, or 8.44 per cent more than the same year; 43.36 million tons of refined zinc, or 11.46 per cent less than the same year; and 121,000 tons of electrolytic nickel, or 1.44 per cent more than the same year.4 The Peruvian earthquake may affect the global supply of copper. On 1 March Beijing time, there was a 7.0 magnitude earthquake in the south-eastern region of Peru, which is currently Peru ' s main copper-producing area.
Peru, for its part, has yet to issue reports of casualties and damage to property caused by the earthquake, although the earthquake may still cause disruption to local copper production, thereby affecting the whole industry, which is a product of the weekly industry, which combines policy foresight, market hot spots, deep-seated industries and pursuits.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
\triangleright \triangleright
For the next three months, I, Shandong Gold (600547), believe that these stock trends will significantly win over the market.
1. We look forward to the future of gold prices. Since 2018, as the global trade situation has changed, economic growth dynamics in both emerging and advanced economies have returned.
For the first time since 2016, Imf has revised the forecast of global economic growth downwards, and the forecast of the growth of the United States economy down. In his latest statement, Fed Chairman Powell referred to the slowdown in the United States building, 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, where the fiscal stimulus, mainly in the form of tax cuts and increased fiscal spending, may have been phased out since 2019. We believe that this is the Fed’s first step forward.
As we see, there is a possibility that the 10-year and 2-year-old US public debt will be reduced in yield spreads and that the yield curve will level off, which means that America’s future economic situation will not be optimistic. The Fed’s updated forecast of interest rates at the September 2018 increase shows that the Fed will raise again in 2018, three in 2019, and one in 2020.
In 2019, the Fed could raise interest rates one time, with little probability of raising interest rates more than three times. If the Fed slows down, interest rate pressure on gold prices will be reduced, with 2 recommending gold.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on companies.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.