Colored industry: Shandong Gold, March 11th, 2019.
This week ' s industry view: full metal prices fell and electrolytic aluminium production decreased over the same period in the previous year.2 Smm published production data for China ' s basic metals in February 2019. In February, China produced 71.96 million tons of electrolytic copper, an increase of 2.19 per cent over the same period; 2.6883 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, a decrease of 1.54 per cent over the same period; 225,000 tons of raw lead, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same year; and 42.04 million tons of refined zinc, a decrease of 8.45 per cent over the same period;
The production of electrolytic nickel was 121,000 tons, an increase of 9.32 per cent over the same period.3, and the demand for lead soaking up gradually. The smm data show that the lead batteries industry in the five provinces had a combined rate of 55.78 per cent last week, an increase of 17.22 percentage points over the previous week, with a significant recovery in the start-up rate in Jiang Zian.
The month of March and April is still a low-consumption season, so most batteries are not yet fully produced. We believe that the demand for lead in the later stages will be increasing slowly. 4. The earthquake in Peru may affect the global supply of copper. On March 1, Beijing time, there was a 7.0-scale earthquake in the south-eastern region of Peru, which is the country’s main copper-producing area.
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that combines policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth and is of great value to investors seeking absolute returns.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with one to two shares per period.
\triangleright \triangleright \
Shandong gold (600547) believes that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, build one, and we'll see the future gold prices. Since 2018, as global trade has changed, both emerging and advanced economies have returned to growth dynamics.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has fallen. Imf has lowered global economic growth forecasts for the first time since 2016, and has reduced United States economic growth forecasts.
This is, in our view, an indication of future interest increases and rhythm. We see that the ten-year and two-year-old U.S. government debt has seen a shrinking yield margin and a flat yield curve.
According to the latest federal fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed may have increased one time in 2019, and the probability of raising more than three times is negligible. If the Fed’s rate increase slows, interest rates will reduce the price of the gold.
The company is a company based on gold production, which produced 35.88 tons of mineral gold in 2017 and 19.39 tons of mineral gold in the first half of 2018, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the previous year. The company will benefit from higher gold prices due to relatively fixed selection costs. \triangleright
The non-ferrous metal and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is eligible for the securities investment consultancy that the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.