Incident: announcement of the company ' s intention to acquire the control of Gabriel and to enter into a preliminary agreement with Hong Kong Shijun, the first shareholder of Gabriel, and signing of a memorandum of understanding on the terms of the deal, " An agreement between the parties " , on 20 September, to pay the sum of $10 million in good faith (paid in the name of the new North and set up by the two parties)
At present, due diligence, auditing, evaluation, etc., have not been completed, transaction schedules and transactions have not been priced.
First of all, "One Wing" will be the next city. Gabriel's headquarters is located at the Guangdong Jiangmen, covering construction, furniture, industrial paint, and has nine major production bases, 10 in China's paint industry, 100 million yuan in global paint (work works, $1.7 billion). In the first half of 2023, North New Industries and Paint Camps collected 209 million yuan, if
Second, when the equity structure penetrates, most of the members of the family and the core management hold shares. Gabriel's first shareholder is Shijun, Hong Kong (31.41%), and the second/third/fourth shareholder invests in Jiangmen City and Jiangmen Chiqing.
Third, the famous paint company is a scarce asset. Gabriel's construction of new materials in the north (000786.sz) was reported in the second half of 2023.
2.43% in the paint industry due to environmental protection, large-b risks, fluctuations in raw materials, and the influence of real estate regulation
Paintings are not just manufacturing, but also consumer goods.
Many empirical advantages have been built and time costs saved. Review: Adversary price increases show price-fixing rights, wait-for-home infiltration, submersion of townships - 2023/04/01
Fourth, the paint map "Feather Feathers" was created in July 2021, when the new North paint was acquired in September 2021, and the new North wood (00078.sz) was purchased in September 2022, the third quarter of 2022, the lighthouse coating was 49 per cent of the share, the remaining 51 per cent of the lighthouse paint was given in April 2023, and Gabriel's share was added to the stock.
Review: Performance meets expectations, statements maintain high quality - 2022/intentional acquisition, coating plates from construction to industry, gradually improving layout. Investment proposal: We keep looking at the new North 1 “One Wing” strategy steadily moving forward and “doing the paint”
\triangleright 4. New wood construction north (000786.sz) semi-annual report, 2022: development of coating wings; accelerated conversion of gypsum to “consumables”; 3 high short-term site completion;4
Comment: The cast board continues to exercise its right to raise prices, waiting for the “turn-over” building to be accelerated, the work to be warmed back to 2022/08/21: o1 performance over-expected, o1 performance over-priced and waterproof
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.