The first half of 2023 was published, and the company realized business income in the first half of 2023.
The cardboard business has grown steadily, and the water and paint industry has grown significantly in the 2023h1 company. The cardboard industry has achieved an operating income of $7.018 billion, a decrease of 0.62 per cent in the same year; the bone business has achieved an operating income of $1,223 million, a decrease of 8.67 per cent in the same year.
The weak demand for bones, the company ' s responsiveness to market development needs, the acceleration of the chalkboard business from industrial to consumer goods, Jayambe, the deep-farming stock market, in addition to the company ' s ownership of product pricing as a chalkboard leader,
By increasing the price of products to ease the downward demand pressure on performance, the company’s cardboard collection grew relatively steadily over the same period, with the base being higher. 2023H1’s waterproof rolls/discussion department’s waterproof and coating operations increased significantly. The company continued to drive the development of the “two-wing” business, north.
The new waterproofing has now advanced the layout of 16 waterproof materials production bases; the new North paints have been completed and 51 per cent of the coatings in the Zin lighthouse have been given equity. With the further expansion of waterproofing and coating capacity and the scale of operations of subsequent companies, the “two-wing” business will result in additional business growth for the company.
The Māori rate increased and the business quality optimized further Māori sales by 2023h1 was 30.20 per cent, compared to +0.16 ptt, of which the gypsum/drawbone/waterproof film Māori rate was 38.44 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
In addition, the net cash flow generated by the operations of 2023h1 was $1,276 million, an increase of 50.54 per cent, mainly due to an increase in cash received for sales of goods, the provision of labour and other operations related to the operation.
The company improves the credit mechanism and promotes the management of accounts receivable. The company has improved the quality of its overall operations.
The industry evaluation report [Galaxy Building Materials] _The construction materials industry accelerated internationalization in January-July, and corporate strategy started with an additional 96 million foreign sales revenue from 2023h1 companies.
The company’s internationalization process has accelerated, and Tanzania’s production base in the first half of the year has increased double its operating income and total profits over the same period last year, with Uzbekistan producing 40 million a year.
The weekly Galaxy Building Paper _ Needs Improvement Report, focusing on the production of a square metre cardboard production line, the establishment of a Thai company and the orderly progress of the project.
In response to the changes in downstream markets, companies have accelerated the transition to consumer-type building materials manufacturing services, and have strengthened the “plant plus worker” saturation.
Marketing models, channels sink, promoting a shift in “work-to-home, city-to-county, base-to-wall, product-to-service” to open stock markets on a incremental basis. Investment is proposed as a leader in the gypsum industry, with companies in products, technology, size, brands, brands, brands, etc.
There is a clear advantage, for example, in marketing channels. With the continued restoration of the completion site, the expansion of the company’s “paste-plus” business, the expansion of waterproofing and coating operations, and the restructuring of the company’s strategy, there is much room for improvement in the company’s three main operations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.