North New Materials (000786): The industry's low-prevalence, drops, highlights sound development resilience, North New Materials.
In the North, the company's owner's net profit was 1,896 million yuan, an increase of 15.58 per cent over the same period.
The cast board plus. The “One Wing” development strategy on the ground, the acquisition of waterproof materials, the development of waterproof materials and coatings, and the scale of waterproof materials are among the top three branches of the industry.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $7,018 million and the boner business, respectively.
1,223 million yuan, a decline of 0.62 per cent and 8.67 per cent over the same period. In the face of water construction materials, industrial and building paints and their impact on the weak recovery of the real estate market, the gypsum business maintained basic stability as a “one-wing” business income.
The counterpart ministry, and the new model of “plant + chief” have been strengthened, thus facilitating the company's transition to a consumer construction service provider.
Good growth has been maintained, in line with our findings in the report North New Building (000786), which is based on gypsum boards, which are ready to go. Applying the principle of “market share preference” to companies in case of insufficient demand, guarantees a steady increase in operating income in the first half of 2023.
Lower capital controls increase profitability, and wind controls guarantee the quality of operations. Companies rely not only on size advantages, but also on circulation b/h (millions of shares) and low procurement costs, while increasing productivity efficiency, constantly improving production processes and building numbers.
The word-control system, which achieves the goal of “in situ artificialization, product-line intelligence” with the aim of reducing production. The Māori ratio of the company’s main business, gypsum, bone and waterproof rolls, 0.16 percentage points in the first half of 2023, is not only influenced by raw materials, but also driven by increased productivity.
By managing the downward pressure of labour costs and the efficiency of production, the management rate for the first half of the year fell by 1.11 percentage points compared to the same period last year; the financial cost rate also fell by 0.14 percentage points compared to the same period. In the first half of 2023, companies were more resilient to risks and sustained development and growth were determined. In 2023, the real estate industry returned to a long term.
The company's combined strengths are clear, its risk resistance is strong, the chalkboards are strong in the country, and its overseas reach is high; the waterproofing industry, as the country's top three, is able to maintain better growth, including the four main mechanisms of corporate “strategy, market, technology, management” for such operations as gypsum + and paint.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to be part of the net profit share of the parent company in 2023-2025.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the new North (000786): low-prevalence drop effect in the industry, highlighting robust development resilience, consumption transition and improved quality of operation of gypsums and gypsums+, a stronger leader, high risk resistance in the new environment, and a combination of waterproof materials and paints.
The growth of both wings maintains the firm's “very recommended” investment rating.
New North Building (000786): The industry's low-prevalence drops, highlighting robust growth and resilience, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and the victory of Zhao's army.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new material (000786): the industry's low-prevalence drops, highlighting robust development resilience, and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.