New material in North is growing steadily and cash flows are doing well.
Performance grew steadily and cash flows performed well. 23q2 companies collected $6,677 million, or 13.84 per cent; net return to the mother was $1,304 million, or 20.76 per cent. 23h1 operating net cash flows were $1,276 million, or 50.54 per cent, and 23q2 operating net cash flows were $1,593 million, or 26.46 per cent.
Cash flows performed well, mainly as a result of higher levels of cash received by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of labour, improved profitability and improved cost management capacity. 2023h1 Māori was 30.20 per cent, sustained improvement in completion data led to a recovery in downstream demand for gypsum plates and lower prices for scrap paper.
Pressure. The completion of property in July amounted to 45 million square metres, an increase of 32.7 per cent; and the completion of land in January-July amounted to 384 million square metres, an increase of 19.9 per cent. The better performance of the completed project is expected to fuel the demand for downstream construction materials. The continued decline in the price of scrap paper since this year has also reduced the cost of corporate cardboard operations.
The pressure led to a similar increase of 2.98 pct for 2023H1 cardboard operations. The “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy continued to advance. The company insisted on focusing on the gypsum industry, doing excellent work on the gypsum and the gypsum plus, transforming industrial products into consumer goods; and accelerating the expansion of the water-proof industry.
We need to seize the incremental opportunities offered by the new industry regulations and enhance the opening of high-quality customer channels; speed up the promotion of paints, make big building paints, and make strong industrial paints. The international layout of the company’s operations is steadily moving forward.
Energy delivery is not as high as expected, downstream demand is not as high as expected, and prices of raw materials are higher than expected.
Construction materials: Construction materials I: steady growth in performance and better cash flow events: On the evening of 18 August, the company released its mid-2023 report. The company achieved operating income of $11,402 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 8.84 per cent;
The net non-mortality gain was $1,267 million, an increase of 27.28 per cent. Corporate performance continued to grow steadily in the first half of the year. In cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations were $1,276 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 50.54 per cent; in the second quarter, net cash flows from companies were $1,593 million, an increase of 26.46 per cent. Cash flows from companies were relatively good in the first half of the year, mainly in the sale of goods, in the provision of services and in the receipt of cash from companies.
The company’s profitability has risen steadily and its cost management capacity has increased on a year-to-year basis. 2023h1 Māori is 30.20 per cent, an increase of 0.16 pct. Second, 23h1 completion data continues to improve, and the price of scrap paper has fallen to lower cost pressures.
The continued improvement in the data on the completion of the 2023h1 property works is expected to lead to a recovery in downstream demand for the gypsum plates, while the cost of scrap paper is expected to reduce the cost-side pressure. In January-July 2023, the data on the completion of the work continued to be positive. The July completion of the land was 45 million square metres, an increase of 32.7 per cent; and the January-July completion of the work, a total of 384 million square metres, an increase of 19.9 per cent.
The continuing decline in the prices of scrap paper also eased the cost pressure on corporate cardboard operations, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate for 2023H1 cardboard operations by 2.98 ptt. While the price of asphalt continued to be high during the first half of the year, the company reduced its efficiency gains through in-house drilling, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate for corporate water prevention operations in the first half of the year compared with the same period the previous year.
The “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy continues to drive the development of “One Wing” operations on the ground, accelerating the transition to a consumer construction service provider. During the first half of the year, the company maintained its focus on the gypsum industry, making excellent gypsum and gypsum plus operations, transforming industrial products to consumer goods, and enhancing the full coverage of the “plant plus chief” industry.
During the first half of the year, the company accelerated the expansion of water-proof operations, seized the incremental opportunities offered by the new regulations in the industry, enhanced access to high-quality customers, promoted the upgrading of production bases, and accelerated the promotion of the paint industry, made large building paints, made powerful industrial paints, and expanded applications.
In the first half of the year, companies stepped up their efforts to develop new international markets in Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia, and Tanzania's base income grew in both ways: Uzbekistan produced 40 million square metres of cast-plate production lines per year: a Thai company was set up, projects were built with waterproofing operations affecting the company's cash flow, the prices of raw materials were higher than expected, and demand was less favourable.