First coverage report for a defensive and growth-oriented high-quality hydropower standard, the Kawachi Treasu Energy (600674).
The company is a listed company in the hydroelectric sector under the Sichuan Investment Group and is the only listed public authority holding shares in the Kawakawa Investment Group. The company is based on the Yagi River, Datao River, and Yao River, which have a unique resource advantage.
The company currently has an equity installation of 9.34 million kilowatts, which is ranked third among the companies listed in the same industry after the Yangtze Power and Power for Energy: 48% of the company’s core assets are outstanding, with an average utilization in 2019.
5084 hours, higher than the national average of 1358, 463, and 357 hours for Yangtze Power, which is a core asset, Yagi River, which will continue to be produced in 2021-2027; in addition, the company is actively expanding its holding hydropower enterprise, and the controlling shareholder, the Kawaki Group, has committed itself to injecting water and electricity into the company.
We measure the increase in performance in the postnatal phase of the Yagi River hydroelectricity project, two estuaries, and the Yang Qui hydroelectricity plant.
The net increase in profits was $1,971 million, of which $950 million was invested in energy in Kawakawa, an increase of 32% over the company ' s net profits in 2019. The company ' s performance grew over time as the remaining five proposed hydroelectric plants continued to grow in production around the middle of 2025.
We are now in a period of maturity and stability in the hydropower sector, with companies with a high rate of dividends, stable dividends and weak cycles, which are high-quality defensive targets in the current complex and volatile international economic situation. Among companies listed in the same industry, the share of cash in energy in Kawakami has been stable and rising year by year; in 2019, company shares
In our view, there is still room for upwards in the current low valuation of the energy invested in the same industry. First, the current global interest-reduction cycle, where the share of energy invested in the same industry is sustainable and high, and second, where there is a high level of productivity.
Long-term, 2021-2027, the Yagi River has continued to have power plants, adding up the company's ongoing acquisition of mid- and small-scale water, the Hengsheng Building, 1,000th of Peace Rixie Street, West Side, West Side.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The only company listed under the banner of the Kawakami Group for pure hydropower operations, Sichuan Industries Energy Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Sichuan Shin Energy”) is Sichuan.
Listed companies operating in electricity production under the umbrella of provincial investment groups, the only listed company holding shares in the Kawakami Group, were listed in 1993. Through a series of asset restructurings and sound operations, the company established a pattern of development supported by water, electricity, clean energy, and railway information industries.
The company, clean energy as the company's core owner, relies mainly on the Yagi River, the Great River, the Tanya River Basin, and the recently successfully acquired hydroelectric plants such as the Qing Jingjiang and the Tiananan River Basin, which have been established with unique resource advantages. The company, with the strategic direction of clean energy, actively seeks to develop hydropower projects while developing them.
By the end of 2019, the company held nine companies, of which six were second-tier subsidiaries and three were second-tier affiliates, and three were affiliated. Currently, the company invests directly, participates in seven hydroelectric enterprises, the size of assets and the level of equity installed in the provincial publicly owned electricity companies and the electricity listed in Sichuan province.
Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In August 1998, the whole Kawasaka Group joined the Xiaomei Iron Alloy Factory, which became the controlling shareholder and the company changed its name to the “Kikawa Alloy Holdings”.