Central 603019 computer, sea light returns into the dawn, southwest securities research and development centre.
• Events: The company issued a public announcement, signed a title-trading contract with Chengdu Industries Investment Group Ltd. and Chengdu High Investments Group Limited, with 5.46 per cent of the shares of each of the two companies at a price of $1.07 billion, totalling 10.92 per cent. Through this transfer, dawn held 36.44 per cent of the shares in Sealight, making it the number one.
The sea light chip is entering the production phase, and corporate control is further strengthened. According to the Chinese report, the sea light chip is now successfully produced and delivered in bulk, and the sea light is officially transformed from a cost unit to a collection unit, and the light stock is given away, and it is optimistic that next year it will be able to enjoy a higher return on sea light equity investment.
The increase in the share of light is also conducive to optimizing the system of valuation of the dawn. Autonomously controlled market of 10 billion dollars x 86 chips is a unique piece: in 2017, according to Sadie’s consultants, there were about 2.8 million servers in China, of which tidal waves, dells, Hua dynasty, h3c, dawn, about China.
80 per cent of the server market, more than 90 per cent of the top five manufacturers are over 2 routes, and China has about 6 million cpu market spaces, of which cpu, which covers the most information security sectors in the country, accounts for about 20.6 per cent of the market, and the financial telecommunications industry for about 17 per cent, i.e., a strong demand for autonomous control.
Sealight, as the only high-performance chip in the world that meets self-controllable X86 chips, is a powerful attraction for the Chinese server market. The server chip market is active, and x86 is the king's pattern.
China announces its own design of the arm server chip into the domestic market. Although, at the technical level, cloud computing can partially block differences in bottom hardware systems and can also achieve the self-controllable concept, the x86 structure, which is long-term in tune with the underlying software, is far better in terms of operating efficiency and system compatibility.
In the arm chip, and because the initial design cost of the arm chip is too high and the market is too small, it faces a difficult situation of high prices and low performance and therefore lacks the competitiveness to open the market, we believe that in the short and medium term, it does not pose a threat to the server chip market.
Considering that the chip industry is the most important, central, technically difficult industry that we can control autonomously, and that we have a high strategic positioning industry, we maintain a long-term view of mid-scientific dawn light (603019): performance is above expectations.
Good. In view of the current overvaluation, no rating is given. 3. Central Xiaoqing (603019): Xiaoqin, early dawn (2018-07-11)
The server chip escort (2018-03-27) does not, and will not, obtain any form of compensation directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.