Biyadi: 2301 shows a bright performance, and looks at the subsequent scale-up effect, and should be replaced by a bicycle: the company issued a first-quarter report in 2023 and a sales announcement in April.
The company achieved a total of 532,000 vehicles, or +89.5 per cent. Of these, 265,000 vehicles, or +84.8 per cent, were sold in pure electric vehicles.
A slight decline in the bicycle profit ring was experienced during the quarter as a result of price wars and subsidy downturns. A partial reduction in the company ' s vehicle model was caused by the 23q1 company. The net profit on the home car of the 23q1 company was 0.75 million, which was +170%, ring-to-30%. We believe that the decline in the company ' s net profit ring for the quarter was mainly due to the decline in the company ' s net profit-to-car ratio.
New energy subsidies were withdrawn and part of the unpaid subsidy costs in 2022 were borne by the company itself The sales in April continued to increase at a higher rate as a result of the subsequent scalation effect of the bike repair.
Monthly sales continued to increase at a rate of +98 per cent. Of this total, 104,000 vehicles were sold in April, i.e., 105,000 in April, i.e. 81.8 per cent in April, and 105,000 in the i.e. 118.6 per cent in January-April 2023, i.e. + 83.9 per cent in January 2023, and 389,000 in April, i.e. + 104.9 per cent in Qinpus.
When the dm-i championship was put on the market, Dondm-i, the destroyer 05 championship, and the brand-new seagull came on the market in April, looking at the company's new product cycle this year and the subsequent scalding effect continued to be released, leading to the recovery of the company's bicycle profits.
(b) Risk factors: the process of placing high-end brand models on the market is not as good as expected: sales of new models are not as high as expected:
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., risk of price volatility of raw materials, etc.
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
Master of Arts (M.A.). He worked at Toyota Autotechnical Centre and Joaquín Securities, one-year work experience in automobile companies, and two-year experience in the automotive industry. He covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Which components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.