High year-round performance, high bike profit innovation \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright, of which the revenue from cars and other businesses is $324,691 million, +151.78%, and the profits from bicycles are 0.82 million dollars, +0.61 million dollars, which is the highest in history.
(a) The rapid growth in sales has a scale effect, with companies achieving a sales volume of 18.25 million vehicles in 2022, up from profitability; and (3) price increases to mitigate cost pressures: three rotations in 22 years and cumulative increases of the Dynasty and Ocean Cyberbus models of around $70-10 million; price increases have mitigated the costs of higher upstream raw materials prices
Pressures. In 2023, the company released the Qin championship at a price of $998,000, highlighting the positive value of the same price for oil and electricity. Lithium carbonate prices have continued to decline since the beginning of the year, with companies deeply integrating the battery industry, with more cost-side advantages.
At the core of the technology, the company has the world’s first \triangleright 1. Biadi (002594.sz) Quick Notice of Production and Sales in February:
ctb technology, which allows for the integration of battery bodies; 23 years of technology released by the company to achieve a three-quarter review of the vehicle as a whole in the third quarter of 2022 by means of the three main control methods, namely, four power units, independent control, maximum anti-sliding control, and body stability control:
In terms of product layout, the company has formed a matrix of the dynasty + ocean series, covering the owner.
3. Biadei (002594.sz) has a fast-track assessment of production and sales in June: current price intervals to meet diversified consumption demand. Luxury brands are launched early in the year and are planned to be re-innovated in June, with demand and demand fully benefiting from electric motorization.
A professionalized brand, by which time the company will develop a high-end brand structure with a high-profile brand structure that improves speed, 2022/07/04, high-end market layout. The company will be on the market in the form of seals, stint d9, Qin replacements, and more will be done.
Biyadi (002594.sz) reported a rapid production and sales review in April: Landfalls. With regard to overseas layouts, in 2022 the company accelerated the expansion of fearless outbreaks in several regions, including Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Americas, with negative sales growth of 2022/05/04.
Market. Entered the Japanese passenger car market in August 22, issuing three models: Won, Dolphin Seals; September, Han, Don 5. Biadei (002594.sz) reported a first quarter of 2022: 2022q1 performance is over-expected, and the release of new energy-intensive products is imminent.
The first overseas car factory to be built with full capital in Paris was officially launched in Thailand - 2022/04/30; the Songpludm-i and Janplus models were launched in São Paulo, Brazil, in November.
Quick + new vehicle crash + brand high-end progresses well, and companies are expected to move up prices well. Investment advice: Considering the continued optimization of the company’s sales structure and the successful advancement of high-end branding, we are expected to continue as a core growth point, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.