Release the cloudy smart body control system and upgrade the product matrix.
On April 10th, 2023, Biadi officially released the first new energy-only smart body control system in the industry. The cloud system consists of cloud-thirsty, cloud-thirsty and cloud-thirty-thirty-thirsty systems that build perceptions, decision-making, implementation of complete systems, and build vertical-direction control systems for new energy vehicles.
The solution. The launch of the cloud is a further breakthrough in security technology after Biadi ' s blade battery, ctb, and quartet. Clouds can effectively contain changes in the body posture, significantly reduce the risk of side-turning of vehicles, reduce the risk of driving, and move people in positions. The cloud system can effectively protect the body of the vehicle in the face of complex road conditions, such as snow, mud, water, etc., and avoid being caused by terrain.
The industry is currently working on the vertical direction of the body, starting with a single technique or a single hardware. Biadi takes the lead in the systematization solution for the vertical direction of the vehicle, electrostatic and intelligent insertion of the body into the control.
The matrix of cloudy products contains products such as cloudy-c, cloudy-a, cloudy-p, cloudy-x, which will greatly enhance consumer driving experience from comfort, manipulation, safety, cross-country, etc., and further consolidate the lead. Of these, cloudy-p will look up to u8; cloudy-a will look up to u7; cloudy-c hardware will be placed on a partial configuration version of the Bialdihan, Tang and Tottald9 model, which will be upgraded through ota.
The U.S. Automotive Perspective: The new energy smart body control system has been released with heavy weight, and is now on the model of the look-up, push-up and Biadi brands, helping Biadi to upgrade its product matrix, further entrenching the industry position of the autonomous branding champions. By the logic of the main line, Biadey pairs.
Upstream industrial chain depth layouts, three power technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls) are very strong, they have significantly improved control of downstream terminal markets, pure plugs are two-wheel-drived, followed by the roll-out of new blast cars. Good track growth + strong industrial chain + high market share, and high-quality industry giants are becoming clear. By spin logic, Biadi’s blade battery significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate lithium battery in a structured and innovative way, and
And the safety of the battery bag has been demonstrated through needle-point tests, leading by technology, with a red flag e-qm5, Cyrus sf5, Chang Ancs55, East Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, etc., whose executives have indicated in media interviews that they will supply Tesla. The future use of blade batteries is expected to expand further, along with the rapid development of storage cells, which will bring larger amounts to Biadi.
The Domain Control Group, the Top Group (lightly quantified chassis and interiors), the Xu Li Group (lightly quantified aluminium structure) suggested that attention be paid to air overhangs, Paul technology, middle-end shares, etc. Biadi officially released the first new energy exclusive smart body control system in the industry.
On April 10, 2023, Biadi officially released the first new energy-only smart body control system in the industry. Cloudy was launched as another security breakthrough after Bialdi's blade battery, ctb, and quadrant. Cloudy moved from vertically-directional control to full-scale safety.
In the context of complex roads such as snow, mud, water, etc., the vehicle body is effectively protected, the damage caused by the terrain is avoided, driving comfort and safety is enhanced, and dual protection of people and vehicles is achieved. Systematization addresses the body control problem, reshaping the intellectual luxury experience.
Biadi takes the lead in systemizing the vertical direction of the vehicle and inserts electric and intelligent wings into the body of the vehicle. The matrix of cloud-based products contains products such as cloud-c, cloud-a, cloud-p, cloud-x, which greatly enhances the driving experience of consumers from comfort, control, safety, cross-country, etc., and further consolidates the lead. Among them, cloud-p will look up to u8; cloud-a will be head-deep.
N7; Clouds-c hardware has been placed on a partial configuration version of the Biadehan, Tang and Tungd9 model, which will be upgraded to the Clouds-c system via Ota.
The cloudy body control system, a super-technology with driving experience and safety, will provide a disruptive boost to driving experience with high-intelligence, security, sound driving, and full-scope technical advantages. The cloudy system, which will continue to be mounted on the Dynasty Sea Flagship model, high-profile, and professionalized brands, will provide a boost to the development of luxury cars in the new energy age by upgrading the entire Biadi brand.
The cloud system is made up of cloud intelligence, cloud intelligence, and cloud intelligence control, which constructs a system of perception, decision-making, and implementation, building a new energy vehicle, a system-wide solution for vertical direction control. Cloud intelligence achieves a full-dimensional sense of 150 m, 15 m internal accuracy ~99%, minimum recognition ~3mm; cloud intelligence calculates real-time operations of perception data, and cloud algorithms produce the best control strategy; cloud intelligence achieves a full terrain, full-scale accuracy ~3mm
A global view of 17+n features that fully meet user needs.
The new energy smart body control system has been released with heavy weight, and has been placed on the model of look-up, uplifting, and Biadi brands, helping to upgrade the production matrix of Biadi, further entrenching the industry position of the autonomous branded lead car company. By the logic of the main line, Biadi is strong in upstream industrial chain depths and layouts, with three electric technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls); and there has been a marked improvement in control of downstream terminal markets, with pure plug-in and two-wheel drive.
Motions, successively rolling out of a new car. Good track growth + strong industrial chain + high market share, and good-quality giants in high-quality industries are becoming clear. From the feed logic, Biadi's blade battery significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate lithium batteries in a structurally innovative way, and demonstrated through needle-point tests, the safety of the battery bag and its technological leadership, with a red flag e-qm5, Sylissf5, Chang Ancs55, East Windsfree,
Fort Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer phev, etc., the company’s executives have indicated in media interviews that they want to supply Tesla. The future of blade batteries is expected to expand further, with the rapid development of energy batteries, leading to a significant increase in Biadi’s business. We anticipate that pe will be 26/20/14 times more than each and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The group (lightly quantified chassis and interiors), the shoal group (lightly quantified aluminium structures), recommended that attention be paid to the rise in the price of Paul technology, the central stock, raw materials, recurrent outbreaks and chip constraints affecting the release and delivery of productive capacity, and the lower than expected sales of new models.The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author