• Core logic: sustained high-intensity R & D casting high-quality products + high-volume sales with scale effect + overseas sales decision elastic valuation
The year-round high demand for electric cars and the continued increase in city ownership have led to a year-round rise in profits, an increase in the scale effect of the rapid increase in the cumulative sales, and a quarterly increase in profitability.
According to the Federation, the volume of retail sales of new domestic energy vehicles in 2022 was 5.6744 million units in China and +89.8 per cent in the same year. The penetration rate was 27.6 per cent, and was disturbed by a quarter-time rise in the inventory of 6a in the Qingqing countries, with 20231 in China, with 1.316 million in the same year and 23.0 per cent in the same year. Less than 30 per cent of the year was spent by vsales.
For Europe, according to the data from the evsales, Europe’s new energy motor vehicle sales in 2022 were 2.62,000, corresponding to +23.8%, and the penetration rate rose from 8.2% in 2020 to 17.3% in 2022, and is still in the early stages of motorization. Meanwhile, the European fuel car ban schedule has recently come into effect, raising the European electricity market.
At the same time, seven European standards have been promulgated, imposing further restrictions on car carbon emissions and accelerating tram sales; while the United States market is expected to grow rapidly after the landing of the ira bill, it is expected that, as lithium prices have dropped from 600,000 tons/high at the end of last year to less than 200,000/tonne in the near future, they will expand in space to stimulate downstream demand and eventually deliver at a price-for-trade rate.
To boost industry penetration globally, leading new energy cars will increase/maintain profitability through scale effects, and maintain a comparative advantage over their peers. To consolidate the world’s first, technology-led plus-channel building + production-placed, which boosts the sustainability of overseas markets and raises the valuation, in 2022 companies sold a total of 1,869 million cars, the same ratio + 152.5%, of which 1857,000 vehicles and the same ratio + 212.8% were sold.
Sla, the top of the world’s new energy vehicle, is the first position, with 18.4% of the city’s share. The domestic market is dust-free, with a retail sales of 1.56 million vehicles and 31.7% of the market, and is well ahead of the second Mitsubishi (7.8%).
With the exception of the first trip to Norway in 2021, companies have been opening up markets for traditional cars, such as those in Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Australia. In addition to the end-marketing, the company’s first overseas car factory officially landed in Thailand last year, with a planned capacity of 150,000 vehicles, and is expected to operate in 2024.
The Division has formed a multi-grader product matrix of Biadi brands (Dynamite and Ocean), high-powered, up-and-up, etc., with high-end cars outnumbered in March, looking forward to u8 Shanghai Car Fair orders exceeding 30,000, company brand values rising rapidly, and future price hubs expected to move up.
Lithium prices have fallen to widen the scope for vehicle prices to boost domestic end demand in exchange for prices, European sales are expected to be repaired, and the grids are expected to meet structural opportunities. Companies, for their goal-breeding companies, are actively refining the product structure, continuously adding value to overseas markets, and promoting brand power while expanding market power.
The macroeconomic downturn has resulted in lower than expected sales of tram cars; a shift in tram policy; underinvestment of company production capacity; trade barriers; large fluctuations in raw material prices.
Figure 22,022 Net return of the company to the mother to the bottom rebound (Billions) Figure 32,021q2 Starting the season-to-season increase (Billions) Figure 42,021q4 Starting the rapid increase in net return to the mother (Billions)
Figure 52022 Rehabilitating corporate profitability. Figure 62022q1 Starting quarterly increases in corporate profitability. Table 1 Break-up of corporate operations (billions of yuan).
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.