Cars are on the move at the same time in the quarter, with exports and new-style leads on the ups and downs: 1) Byadi blade batteries are now being produced at the German factory in Tesla.
The company published its annual report for 2022, which generated 42,061 million yuan, a total of 18,024 million vehicles sold by D.C., an increase of 151.83 per cent in the same year, and the share of new energy cars in the quarterly export of 43,000 vehicles, an increase of 12.8 times in the same year. We expect to sell them throughout the year by Biadi 2023.
The volume is expected to reach 30-36 million vehicles (excluding exports); export sales are expected to be expected for the entire year 2023; supply and demand of raw materials are expected to fall short of the supply and demand hedge subsidies, and the net profit per vehicle is expected to rise.
The price of lithium electric materials has been substantially reversed in the first half of the year, high-end vehicles have been marketed, and it is expected that a single-car surplus of three quarters of the year will be reported — over-expected performance, with a return expected to reach $8,000.
There is a long-term growth of new technologies, new vehicle-type leadership, both within and outside the sea. 1) Overseas market side of Biade (002594), "Creating Innovative Faces, Biadi Blade Battery has been installed in a modelyrwd that is being produced at the German factory in Tesla.
The battery package will be used simultaneously as a body structure, with a reduction in the volume; att03 ($pus), Han, New Space Patterns - 2022/08/30.
The Tang, Song series and commercial vehicles are on the line in six continents, more than 70 countries and territories around the world, including Thailand, Japan, Australia, Malaysia, Europe, among them the first overseas Multiply Class, Sea Lions (Medium and Large Suv), Frigate 07 (b+) sedans, Teng N8 (medium)
New vehicle models such as suv, Songl (medium suv) and u8/u9 (million-grade high-end vehicle type) have continued to be launched, and the product matrix has been expanded at an accelerated pace. 3) New technologies, such as transvestite, cloudy, and stellenk, have brought new driving experiences.
Investment recommendations: corporate gains are higher than expected, sales and single-car net gains are higher, I keep up the same-yearly increase in the quarter, export and new-car-led profits keep up the same-yearly increase in the quarter, and export and new-car-led profits keep up.
I'm in the middle of the year, and I'm in the middle of the day.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.