Shen Jia has continued to raise the value of the product and speed up the export layout, suggesting that the "buy in" company recently issue a multi-year remodel.
On May 25, the Song prodm-i championship was placed on the market, with an entry price of $18.98 million for the Handm-i championship, a decrease of $28,000 from the 2022 edition. On May 25, the Song Prodm-i championship was placed on the market, with a selling price of $130.58 million.
Three hundred thousand districts have a clear competitive advantage, and their competitiveness is evident during the period of auto electricization. We expect companies to issue multi-annual re-routing models: companies have recently issued multi-annual re-designs. On May 18, the Handm-i championship and the Handm-p War God are on the market. The Handm-i champions are on the market.
The price of the door fell by $28,000 from version 2022, and the price of the same fuel truck covered a price range of $189.98 million, which is expected to accelerate the seizure of the medium-sized car market. The Handm-i championship and the Handm-p warg were over 8,000 orders on the day the market went on the market.
On May 25, the Song Prodm-i championship was placed on the market at a price of $13,580,000, which is almost the same as the old one, but with an increase in the mileage. By the end of this month, the main vehicles of Biadi, such as Han, Tang, Qin, Song, and others, had introduced annual re-payments, further exploration of the price range, and more.
The company's products go out to sea and speed up the construction of overseas factories, as a result of the country's new energy cars.
Competition has intensified, with Biadi cars going out to sea this year. The company exported 536,000 vehicles in January-April, which is close to last year's total. The company now has the first new energy brand sales in Israel and Thailand, with a cumulative sales volume of 7315 in January-April and 7229 in April.
Prices, Songplusdm-i, dolphins and seals, among others, are significantly higher overseas than domestic prices, reflecting the competitive advantage of institutional investors as a share in the flow of a share of corporate products abroad.
In addition, the company is actively promoting the construction of overseas factories in various forms of cooperation. Last December, the public department started production at the skd assembly plant in India; in January this year, the company set up its first joint venture abroad in Uzbekistan, where the plant is expected to become q3, with an annual production of 50,000 units planned for the first phase; and in March,
Biadi, the foundation of a production plant in Ro Yong Dynasty, which is expected to become operational in 2024, will produce 150,000 units per year. Moreover, according to public sources, Biadi is in the process of exploring the construction of a plant in Viet Nam.
The Bialdi branding market was the first in April: in January/April this year, the company sold a cumulative total of 76.24 million vehicles, yoy+91.8 per cent of the company’s new energy cars, 34.3 per cent of the country’s domestic municipality in April, and the Bialdi brand’s share came to the top of the entire car market. The company sold it in 2023.
The target is more than 3 million vehicles and 25% of the annual sales target was achieved in January-April.1 The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose.