Biadi (002594.sz) evaluates the total monthly power and storage battery loads of 9.891gwh, an increase of 84.8 per cent and ring growth of 10.5 per cent, and the cumulative total of 26.991gwh, an increase of 83.1 per cent this year.
Cao Xuant, a pure electric mix of two accelerators, is expected to have a large-scale effect. In March, pure electricity was sold in 102,670 vehicles, in the same month.
Pure electricity and hybrid models will continue to go hand-in-hand, with overall sales expected to exceed 3 million vehicles as car consumption recovers, scale effects will be further enhanced, spread production costs as well as costs will offset the withdrawal of subsidies, and we expect a single-car net profit in 2023 to be almost equal in 2022.
Ten thousand dollars, three months in a row, top sales of more than 350,000 new energy luxury mpv, with a cumulative sales volume of 24162 this year. This year, the d9ev model opened delivery, and the dm-i-type ota was upgraded, contributing to a steady increase in sales.
For the first Tivare worldwide brand, the world’s first-ever car-type, N7 with the Tewara sound, will be officially marketed in the first half of this year. The big suv conglomerate, N8, has also published its appearance, and the motor product matrix has grown.
The company sold 13312 new energy vehicles abroad in March, a decline of 11.3% in the ring, and cumulative exports of 38723 this year. The company has gone out to Asia, Europe, and America, in Japan, Thailand, Singapore, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Australia, Colombia, Brazil, Costa Rica.
High business climate and growth space, corporate vertical industrial chain advantage in the broader context of anti-globalization context1 Biadi Annual Report: high performance growth, new energy vehicle sales less than expected, output release less than expected, overseas operations less than expected, chip shortage, original
2023-03-302, Biadi Review: Export Dynamics in February 2023-02-04.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis