Life of China (601628): Investments are under pressure, Chinese life disclosure was published in the first quarter of 2022, and during the reporting period business income of $34,377,700 million was realized, with the same company being the leading company in the domestic life insurance industry.
Fortune 500 and the world brand 500 are the core members of the company with its long history, strong strength, professional leadership and world-renowned brands.
During the reporting period, the investment boom continued to be low, resulting in a significant decline in corporate profits over the same period in 2021. One quarter of the year, which gained the confidence of the most widespread clients in society, remained in power, affected by the rapid growth of the repressive economy with multiple spreads of the epidemic, the US Federal Reserve interest increase expectations and the outbreak of the war in Russia.
The position of the head of the internal insurance market, which is known as China's insurance market, is characterized by a low performance of the equity market, and the core indicators such as the upper index, the upper certificate, 50, and the bottom 300 are weak than the “middle-stream pillar” of the industry. The company is China's largest human life.
At the same level in 2021. As a result, total corporate investment earnings decreased by 31.6 per cent over the reporting period, with insurance companies, with the largest in China, comprising insurance marketing agents, group insurance salesmen and professional and inter-occupational agents.
Broad distribution networks. Companies provide personal life insurance, and, apart from poor investment performance, pressure on corporate liabilities remains.
It is China’s leading individual and group life insurance and provider of gold products, accident and health insurance. The Division’s risk workforce has fallen to 780,000 people, with a narrow reduction, but considering that the opening-up phase is an annual build-up.
But, in terms of premium data, the agent’s “promotion efficiency” has been significant. In recent years, companies have not been able to increase their numbers.
The shift towards "mass", while the core agent pool has maintained a 52-week equity range at a higher level, while the workforce has increased steadily (-40%). The company has a new policy in a quarter when the agent has fallen significantly (-40%) over the same period.
Costs have decreased by the same number, new business values have declined somewhat, and business structures have been optimized continuously. It is expected that, as channel reform progresses and the impact of the epidemic weakens, the end-points of indebtedness are expected to be under way, solvency regulatory rules change, and corporate core solvency is tested, but two key indicators are still far away.
As of the reporting period, the insurance industry has implemented two-generation solvency payments regulations. The new regulations have had a relatively greater impact on the level of core solvency of insurance companies, which, according to company estimates, have a combined solvency adequacy rate of 2.35 pct, while the core solvency rate is only 2.35 pct.
65.31 pct. From a current perspective, companies will continue to be influenced by new patterns at both ends of the venture, which will put some pressure on the growth of core indicators such as profitability and intrinsic value, but corporate integration, core solvency adequacy rates are significantly higher than regulatory requirements, security is higher, and there is still sufficient scope for adjustment.
Investment advice: The company has been pushing ahead with new projects over the past three years, and has achieved much. But the impact of the epidemic has continued since the beginning of the year, with changes in the pattern of competition in the industry and changes in the structure of insurance consumption posing many challenges for the company.
War. We expect that 2022 will remain a crucial year of change for companies to adapt and explore new development paradigms, with product structural changes and client-specific hierarchies becoming central concerns. But with strong corporate client base and group advantage, coupled with financial technology and industry chain extension and expansion, companies are expected to emerge from the current situation.
With the new chairman in office and the completion of management adjustments, the company’s “renewed life” plan is expected to accelerate, and we still look forward to the company’s long-term development prospects and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the life of China (601628): investment is under pressure, but it's hard to hide the bright spots of indebtedness, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Life of China (601628): Investments are under pressure, but it is difficult to hide the bright spots of the liability, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.