Life in China (601628.sh) - 1-quarter review in 2022
The new list of performances, the channels that outperformed expectations, and the end of the liability: the value of the new business fell by 14.3 per cent over the year, but the risk channel agent, 780,000 people, fell by 40 per cent over the year, and the ring was down by 5 per cent, the base of the workforce was maintained by billions of yuan (-3 per cent), the workforce was able to improve robustly per capita, the channels outperformed expectations, and the new ones were more spectacular.
Financial performance, asset-side pressure, net profit decline: operating income of approximately $343.8 billion during the quarter (a broadly stable gain/loss on a change in fair value compared with a gain/loss on a change in the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets) Investment allocation: asset allocation pressure, addition of short-term assets, pending recovery of interest rates
During the same period, cash received to recover investments amounted to approximately $34.71 billion (or 104% of the ring), the size of which was at an all-time high, or the end of the solid asset, such as the non-standard, which was allocated in 2017. In terms of specific configurations, the grouping has reduced its equity, added short-term assets, reflected the weight of the asset, and the recovery of interest rates in the second and third quarters has become the key.
The size of the group's assets, measured at fair value and accounted for by changes in the current period's gains and losses, is approximately 18,94 billion yuan. The ring compares with China's life with a flexible marketing strategy, and in the earlier stages, the bulk of the increase in income, such as life in life, is secured. Life in China (60,1628.sh) - Quality of the risk channel has improved and the retreat has stabilized.
Accumulated products, including extended family life insurance, with a high rate of new business values (40-50%), have stabilized the workforce and boosted the growth of new business values in three months, showing better overall performance in terms of channels and new instruments. We expect this trend to continue, focusing on the manpower situation in the second quarter.
China Life-601628-2020 Performance Review: The new bill sustains growth and the size of the long debt
This has led to a pace of adjustment of the configuration of Chinese life, an increase in short-term assets and an increase in the risk of reinvesting. China Life - 601628-2020, mid-point evaluation: taking advantage of windfalls, both price and profit - net return on investment has been put under pressure. At present, asset-end risk is a central factor in the suppression of stock prices.
With flexible marketing strategies, China ' s life has, at an earlier stage, largely increased life-long savings-type products, including life-long insurance coverage for family transfer increases, and a higher rate of value for new operations (40-50%), both stabilizing the ranks and driving the growth in the value of the new business in March. The overall performance has been better in terms of channels and new instruments. We anticipate this trend.
But, at the same time, long-term interest rates have continued to be rounded up since February, adding to the gradual expiration of medium- and long-term solidized assets, leading to a pace of adjustment of the configuration of life in China, with additional short-term assets, higher reinvestment risk, and pressure on net return on investment.
End-of-life risk is central to the suppression of equity prices. We are concerned about the ten-year change in interest rates on national debt in the second and third quarters.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject