Quality of assets with a strong focus on the improvement of the fundamentals of the future.
Growth in scale: In recent years, the Bank of Beijing has maintained its “five major transformations”, achieving secondary entrepreneurship, an optimal loan structure, a higher share of retail credit and a higher income contribution: a non-current market value of the bank's credit structure in Beijing (billion yuan)
And 33.9 per cent of retail loans continue to rise, retail aum is growing, and the corporate revenue structure is improving. During the same period, the share of retail business in total revenue was 35.9 per cent, an increase of 14.9 percentage points from the end of 2019.
Optimizing the public lending sector and increasing the share of retail consumer loans: facilitated by the services real economy, the transformational economy, inclusive microfinance, financial and cultural finance, with these countries focusing on support, and the rapid growth in lending in the special area of banking in Beijing, provide the basis for subsequent scale-up
Moreover, the share of loans in public-stock loans in relatively low-risk industries has risen. In the case of sales loans, the combined share of personal consumer and business loans had risen to a fee-credit ratio as of mid-2023, which has been more supportive of stabilizing the combined rate of return on retail credit.
In recent years, new credits have been channelled to Beijing, Zhejiang Province, Shandong Province and Jiang, according to changes in the structure of the area.
Retail operations have accelerated the development of a significantly improved quality of assets in Su Province and Shenzhen City. Economically developed areas are relatively less affected by economic fluctuations and less likely to generate assets, helping to maintain overall stability in asset quality.
On the lending side, under the influence of the restructuring of individual loans, retail lending has continued to grow at a negative rate. However, considering the restructuring of the business structure together, the poor rate is still in a reasonable position in the industry.
The risk factors are that the banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies, and that changes in the economy and related policies will have a significant impact on banks’ operations.
Changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, etc. New Development Strategy of the Bank of Beijing 1.1 Development journey and current shareholder structure
The Bank of Beijing was established in 1996 as one of the 19 systemically significant banks in the country, with the largest domestic assets, the Urban Commercial Bank. The Dutch Grouping was introduced as a strategic investor in 2005 and became a commercial bank with an integration of capital from China and China. It was listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in September 2007.