On September 14th, a campaign was launched to publish "About the Acquisition of Leoniag and its Entreprises " \triangleright.
Once the deal is complete, the firm will hold 50.1% of the shares of the leoniag through a Singapore alert, and the fully-owned subsidiary Hong Kong Communications and Holdings will gather in Singapore to form a joint venture in science and technology, which will hold 100% of the shares of the leonik.
It's a global head cable, power \triangleright line, and beam system solution provider. The two core lines of business under the leoniag flag are automobiles.
The Ministry of Cables and the Department of Cable Systems, the main operators of which are leonik and leonib, are to purchase 50.1 per cent of the shares of leoniag and 100 per cent of the shares of leonik, a wholly-owned subsidiary of leoniag, for Euro205 million.
Leonik earned €54.62/164 million and net profits €128/- €13 million, respectively; Leoniag and leonik will be included in the company's consolidated statements upon completion of the stock transfer and are not expected to have a significant adverse impact on the company's financial position and the results of its operations in the current year.
In terms of product development, market expansion, client access, productive layout, material procurement, interlocking with the existing resources of the Lenny Corporation, complementarity of strengths and strategic synergies, the news rapidly formed the company's differences in the global automotive beam area 1. Precision (002475.sz) was reported in mid-2024.
A competitive advantage, providing China's car companies with easier and more efficient vertical integration, as well as traditional overseas car companies.
A 24-year quarterly review of steady growth in performance, industry 24h1 Deep-farming car zero through the rapid iterative capacity and cost-control awareness accumulated in the consumer electronics sector
Component area, in-depth strategic partnership with head-to-head mainframes and car brand clients, Automotive 3. Precision (002475.sz) incident evaluation: acquisition of q cords, connectors, smart cabins, intelligent driving, etc., comprehensive layout of vehicle operations.
48% + growth, with rapid growth in the quantity and quality of auto parts and components. In communications operations, companies continue to provide samples testing and volume of products such as 4. Telecommunications Precision (002475.sz) 3rd Quarterly 2023 & Deep Farm Connections, Light Connections, Wind/Liever Discharge, Power Management, Radio Frequency, etc.
Annual report performance forecast: Performance meets expectations, yielding products in three or four quarters that are fully recognized and highly rated by both domestic and foreign head clients. In addition, high-speed looping at the data centre 2023/10/24
The nvl72 single-package company can provide a solution of about $2.09 million, consisting of electrical connection, light connection, quarterly performance forecast: performance meets expectations, mr+gas power management, heat radiation, etc. The company follows the established “three-five-year” plan, while maintaining solid consumption on the one hand.
The e-business fundamentals, on the other hand, are fully leveraged by the two main niches of telecommunications, automobiles and automobiles, which drive companies to keep up with the rising share of cellular assembly, the expansion of customers in automobiles and telecommunications, and the volume of new products, with the expectation of further growth in their performance.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.