New demand for consumer electronics accompanies robust business growth, automobiles, entourage, 002475.sz incident assessment reports, published and published the semi-annual report for 2024: achieved by the company in the first half of 2024
Net profits of shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $4.96 billion, in line with the activation of market demand in the consumer e-ai era and the increase in product output, in the first half of 2024, the global consumer e-market entered the e-market era and needed to activate the market.
For example, the company continues to build up its electronic business infrastructure, horizontally opening up new consumer products in the field of consumer electronics, and, on the other hand, making full use of communications, car and car operations to break through. The company selectively adjusts and improves its business.
:: Structured operations, increased output of products in the first half of the year, and companies achieved business income of $103,598 million, an increase of 5.74 per cent in the same year, net profits of $5,396 million, an increase of 23.89 per cent in the same year, and firm competitiveness and market position of companies in the area of consumer electronics
Automobile operations are growing at a significant rate, with telecommunications block connections exceeding expectations by billions of dollars, a significant increase of 48.30 per cent over the same period. Companies have developed car cords, connectors, smart cabins, intelligent driving, etc. through long-term accumulations in consumer electronics.
Multiplicity of product matrices, which provide complete product landing services to the global head office by means of multiple production bases, both within and outside the country, and company auto parts and components operations 1, Precision (002475): increased performance
Long and steady, one catalyzing multi-business lines together.
In the context of the challenges of speed, geopolitical barriers, the performance of corporate products on the pre-research project in mainstream clients, long new engines, 2024-03-28 monolithic, whole-office testing and new boosted product lines
With the client's approval, the company's electricity connection business developed beyond expectations in the first half of the year. Deep-farming consumer electronics, apple products are expected to benefit from the hardware end of the field, and since the second half of 2023, mobile phones, pc, pad, etc. have been moving more and more.
The end is further activated by the enabling power of end-side-ai applications. The Division serves as a one-stop service provider for global head-consuming electronic brands, from parts, modules to systems resolution programmes, especially in the area of acoustic products.
In the second half of the year, the Apple's first one-phone iphone 16 series will be launched, and the company will be the core supplier, and as the appleai product lands, it is expected to grow steadily from the hardware end and from the accelerated growth of new plates, such as cars, communications, etc.
The competition is growing and, given the impending release of the Appleiphone 16 series in the second half of the year, the company, as a core supplier, is expected to benefit by maintaining an “empowerment” of investment, macroeconomic risks, less than expected product research and development, and increased industry competition.
The electronic communication group presented Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.