The mid-2024 performance rating: steady and high performance, re-ejection of one-aided fruit chain lead business, net non-repatriation profit of $4.96 billion, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period, of which 51.19 billion was collected in the first quarter of the second quarter.
Dollars, 7% growth in the same year, net profit on motherhood of $2.93 billion, 25% increase in the same year, net profit on non-motherhood of $2.78 billion, 17% increase in the same year. At the same time, the company released its performance forecast for the third quarter of 2024.
In the first half of the year, corporate consumption of electronics generated revenue of $85.55 billion, an increase of 3.25 per cent, representing 82.58 per cent of corporate revenue, a Māori rate of 10.49 per cent, and a Māori rate of 0.98 per cent higher than the previous year.
At present, companies consume e-business plates ranging from parts and components to modules to system solutions.
The full range of product capabilities, particularly in the area of acoustic products, ar/vr and home/office, are highly recognized by a number of clients and are expected to support the company's consumption of electronic business plates.
A complete solution service system, with sample testing and volume products fully recognized and valued by head-to-head customers both inside and outside the country. Against the backdrop of a more demanding demand for high-speed connectivity from the next generation of the ai cluster, companies continue to deepen their pre-requisites with global head chip manufacturers for high-speed interconnection products.
Precision of Communications (002475): Cross-cutting layout, $476 million, 48 per cent more than the previous year, with strong growth in the automobile business, mainly due to the long-term savings of companies in vehicles/communications and consumer electronic lead enterprises
Strong competitive advantages in core product areas, such as car speed limit and smart cabins, are associated with important advances in global manufacturing and supply chain layout. Companies now form a diversified product matrix of car wires, connectors, smart cabins, smart drivers, etc., with the help of the distribution both within and outside the country.
Many of the production bases provide complete product landing services for the global head mainframe plant, the company's car, Stand Up (002475): it is reported to be continuing, and the spare parts business is expected to continue to grow rapidly in both quantity and quality.
High growth, 5 g and smart wear provide year-round performance  profit forecast and investment rating: we're looking at the ai enabling consumer electronic terminal and setting up three sophisticated financial forecasts for corporate consumer electronics.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.