q3 guides optimism to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net return to the mother is $2.93 billion, compared to +25.1%, and the performance is in line with market expectations. Qualitative profitability rises and profitability rises. 24h1, companies continue to press on with the consumption of the e-business fundamentals, increasing product and business coverage, while fully developing communications, automobile operations and achieving steady growth in performance.)
Billion dollars, 72.8% less than in the same year, mainly due to differences in the structure of the months when the goods are delivered and purchased, leading to a combination of receipts and payment times, and strong growth in communications and automobile operations. During the reporting period, the company’s three main lines of business grew steadily.
Reprogramming core bottom-level technologies in areas such as audio-optics, providing one-stop service to global head brand clients, obtaining high-level recognition from clients in the areas of acoustics, ar/vr, and excellent performance of both old and new products. In addition, the affiliates are making excellent collections of $35.41 billion, an increase of 8.1 per cent.
The company has continued to expand new customers and new products in the consumer electronics sector outside the larger clients, and has achieved better results during the reporting period; (2) communication plates, companies' continued deep-deep-farming electricity connections, light connections, liquid cold radiation, etc., and has built up full solutions services such as cabinet connections, cabinet connections, servers, switchboards, base station radio frequencies, etc.
This is expected to be sustained in the future; 3) Automobile plates, which have formed multi-product matrices such as car wires, connectors, smart cabins, etc.: as the demand for high-speed interconnectivity increases within and outside smart cars ... the share of electronic parts and components in bicycles is growing rapidly, and the overall volume of company automobiles and bicyclesasp is expected to continue to grow.
The company also issued a 24q3 performance forecast, which is expected to be 24q1-q3 plus 1. Precision (002475) in areas such as consumer electronics infrastructure, where the company is fully equipped with vertical integration, smart manufacturing, and cross-cutting synergies.
As a result of the advantages of communications operations in the future (2024-05-05), combined with internal and external strategies, major operations are expected to achieve greater growth space.
The net profit is $13.480.20.5 billion. Given the demand that companies are expected to benefit from high-speed interconnectivity in smart cars, the volume of vehicle operations and bicyclesasp are expected to continue to grow, adding to the client ' s new q3 level of sophistication (002475): performance growth is expected.
The aircraft has a better expectation of faster growth throughout the year, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.