The iPhone is doing better than expected.
The ring is down, and we assume that it is mainly influenced by the introduction of new products like ipad, the price reduction of some products, and the exchange rate spectrum. There are a few points of concern: 1) elimination of exchange rate influences, iphone performance overall is better than expected; 2) appleinelligence will continue to invest more in R & D, and it is still expected to do so.
China lands; 3) services continue to be innovative, and we expect the gradual integration and landing of the ai to sustain a high rate of growth in service income: 4) ipad, driven by the release of the first ai-driven new products, achieves its vision of fy24q4 (September season), and apples are expected to sustain the same increase in the June season (+4.9%).
Quick, with services continuing to grow in double digits, is expected to be higher than currently expected in the market. Profit retention and market occupancy rates are an important support for the apple stock price, and the apple intelligence allows the market to see the possibility of an increase in iphone holdings.
Medium-Term Strategic Report 2024: Science and Technology Hardware, based on a cautious assumption, we expect 255 million iPhone sales in 25 years, up from 24 per cent today + 11.4 per cent.
In North America, users experience and sell.
The hardware end is expected to benefit from this, and we keep looking at the apple chain, and we focus on the core of the fruit chain. We predict the company's net profit for 24-25 years.
Downside risks: slow recovery of the global economy, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, risks to supply chain policy by large customers, and internal management risks from business expansion. Upward risks: a continuously improved global macro-economic environment: faster process of personalization of mobile phones: Xr sales are more than expected: new tackable products
Xiaoqiang, Applefy24q3 financial review: iPhone is doing better than expected, and service income is expected to be available in ai+, and apples released Fy24q3 (June quarter) on the morning of August 2, Beijing time. Apples achieved $857.8 billion in April-June, compared to 4.9%.
eps.1.4 dollars, compared to +11.1 per cent, exceed market expectations. There are a number of points of concern: 1) elimination of exchange rate influences, iphone performance overall is better than expected; 2) follow-up of appleitelligence is still expected to land in China; 3) services operations continue to be highly innovative, and we anticipate that al ' s gradual integration and landing are expected to sustain a high rate of growth in service income: 4) ipad achieved 24 per cent of the same growth, driven by the release of the first-ai-driven new product.
According to the company, the relative increase in the cost of RAM on the hardware end also has an impact. Fy24q3 (June quarter) sub-products: 1) iPhone revenue of $39.3 billion, compared to 0.9%, removes the negative effect of exchange rates, iPhone achieves an overall positive increase, iPhone15.
The column performed better overall than the iPhone 14 series. 2) Mac earned $7 billion, a 2% increase over the same period. m3 chip-driven macbookair performed better in emerging markets such as Latin America, India, and South Asia, but since the macbookair released during the same period last year resulted in a higher base, and no new items were published during the reporting period, we expect the fy24mac
3) ipad earns $7.2 billion, a 24% increase from the spring launch, benefiting from the overall performance of ipadpro and ipadair, ipad. The ipadpro ecology, with m4 chips, has led to major upgrades and fittings, which have become the first one-driven apple product. 4) Equipment and others can be worn with $8.1 billion, compared to 2%, mainly due to the absence of new products such as airpods, watch, etc. during the reporting period.
Newly high and double-digit growth in payment accounts. Companies invest heavily in appletv+, applearcade, and continue to launch new programmes, new games to increase ecosystem interaction and customer stickyness. Figure 1: Quarterly changes in Apple income (millions of United States dollars)
Figure 2: Changes in sub-product income (millions of United States dollars) Figure 3: Ratio of hardware and software services Figure 4: Change in product Māori ratio
US$ 37.7 billion, +6.5 per cent, for the Americas: US$ 21.9 billion, + 8.3 per cent, for Europe: US$ 14.7 billion, + 6.5 per cent, US$ 5.1 billion, + 5.7 per cent, for Japan; US$ 6.4 billion, + 13.5 per cent, for the rest of Asia and the Pacific.
Less than 3%, an improvement over the Fy24h1. The company said in the Law Conference that it still had confidence in China’s long-term opportunities. 2. Appleitelligence: Apple continues to push China to the ground with its full potential.
1) The pilot version of some functionality has been launched this week, and the company will launch the English version this fall, which will gradually result in more functionality and coverage of more areas; 2) functional integration with Chatgpt will be achieved in 2024:
The company is considering how to deploy aalitelligence in a variety of applications so that it can present its functionality to users in a more natural way; 4) Apple is still doing its best to advance the landing of the ai function in mainland China. Apple is currently in contact with the relevant regulatory bodies in the EU and China to understand regulatory requirements and move the follow-up process forward as soon as possible:
5) In terms of R & D inputs, companies will increase their investment in the ai sector in the future every year. Foresight fy24q4 (September season) Apples are expected to maintain the same rate of growth in the June season (+4.9%) as in September, where services will continue to grow in double digits.
Looking forward to a longer cyclical dimension, holdings and market occupancy rates are an important support basis for apple stock prices, and appleitelligence makes the market see the possibility of iPhone holdings rising. We measure the sales of iPhones over 25 years, assuming 1.5 billion shares, with a catalytic impact on appleitelligence.
A carefully projected rate of 17% is equivalent to 255 million iPhone sales in 25 years, an increase of +11.4% over 24 years. Apples in 25-26 are also expected to usher in a year of hardware innovation: apart from the catalytic effects of the applicationelligence, the flat version of iPhone4 and fold screen-related products are also expected to be launched in the coming year; in the case of wearables, the new one blue earpieces and the new version of the i-health test watch are also expected to be published; and Visionpro is expected to be published;
Forecasts do not exclude the possibility of a low-level version next year, and are expected to enter the npi phase this year. The continued rotation of ios and the gradual landing of the ai function are expected to have a positive impact on apple line sales.
The apple has redefined a new form of ai-side deployment, which is expected to benefit from the hardware end, and we continue to look at the apple chain, with a strong focus on the core supplier of the fruit chain.
With regard to the cellular assembly business, we measured 58-60 million shipments in the year’s iphone16 series, with an increase of about 23%. At the same time, the company is expected to get iphone16promax npi, single machine value, figure 9: net profit estimate for cellular assembly operations (millions)
Figure 10: iPhone stock measurement (millions of units) module operations, where companies have benefited mainly from the growth in the share of Topmodule and bottommodule on large clients, which is expected to rise to 40-50 per cent this year, and we estimate that we will drive companies to achieve $27.8 billion in revenue gains in large client module operations over 24 years.
As regards the assembly of visonpro, the apple generation is primarily targeted at developers and tob end-users, and we expect to deliver 650,000 packages in 24 years. At the same time, apples are expected to launch a low-matching version of Vionpro in 2025, and the overall bom costs are expected to drop to about $1,000.
With regard to automobile operations, which are well organized, smart cabins and related domain control products are delivered on priority customers, and the company ' s business cooperation with Chiré, Huaian, and Volk is gradually deepening, it is expected that the automobile business will grow by almost 50% this year.In terms of communications and data centres, the company has developed a deep technological accumulation that covers copper connections, light connections, radiator modules, servers, etc.
The downside risks are: slow global economic recovery, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, large customers’ risk to supply chain policy, and internal management of business expansion: a continuously improved global macroeconomic environment; accelerated process of personalization of mobile phones; over-expected sales of xr; and sales of new and t-shirtable products.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts