The iphone 16 is equipped with a dai, China is on the line next year, and the apple autumn is going to launch an evaluation, and the iphone 16 series is going to be launched in the morning on September 10th of Beijing time.
a Distribution Unit (millions of shares): released on 20th. On the roll-out of the appleitage, on the roll-out, the functions announced at the wwdc conference will be launched as the Beta version first appeared in the United States region in October.
More functionality will be available every month: in December, the ai will be on-line in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and next year in China, France, Japan, Spain, and so on. The iPhone 16 series will be booked or affect production plans for 24q4 and 25h1, so it will be connected.
The point is to track down the market. We prefer the iPhone 16 series to the iPhone 15 series. Second, we measure the cost of the bom after the hardware upgrade of 16 promax, which is a significant increase over 15 promax, but the price of the sale remains unchanged, so 16 promax is subject to a price reduction of 15 promax.
There is still a value for money in terms of performance. Although domestic distribution is slowing, there is still hope that Ios will be promoted globally on the 002475.sz.
The end ratio continues to rise. We estimate the 25-year sales of iPhones from the point of view of the switch cycle, saying: communications and automobile operations continue to increase, and consumption of e-Maurice rises.
The rate of turnover was 17%, corresponding to 255 million iPhone sales in 25 years, with an increase of +11.4% in 24 years.
Press release, iPhone is doing better than expected, focusing on the catalyzing of the aios alternator. Downside risk: slow recovery of the global economy, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, big customer versus supply chain politics.
Risks, internal management risks associated with business expansion. Upward risks: Global macro-economic environment for continuous improvement: Accelerating the process of cellular aimentation: Xr sales are more than expected: new elastic products.
An overview of the launch of the Apple Autumn on the morning of September 10, Beijing time.
Advances will be accepted at 8 p.m. on 13th September and released on 20th.) Appleentelligence:iphone16 is fully equipped with a ai. The launch will show the fuzzy search photo and video functions, text-coloration and emoticons, and sorting out extracts of mail.
The edition was first launched in October in the United States, and will be launched in the coming months with more functionality; in December, the ai functionality will go on-line in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and next year in China, France, Japan, Spain, etc.
3) Chip Upgrade: This iphone 16/16prus carries a18 chip, pro/promax carries a18pro chip. A18/a18pro uses the first 3nm process of the second generation worldwide, and the iphone 16 series has 8 gb full system. A18pro is equipped with 16 nuclear neural engines, 6 nuclear cpu and 6 nuclear gpu, running aleintellgeence functions 15% faster than a17pro.
Figure 2: Other hardware upgrades compared to the performance of the chips in the past: camera control functions bring a new photo experience, a.iphone 16 series of new capacitated touch buttons that focus on apples, which can be slided by fingers to adjust the parameters, so that they can be light-touched and photographed.
A wide range of visually relevant smart features can be quickly called, such as camera-controlled filming of the restaurant, which allows real-time access to the restaurant ' s opening hours, good ratings, menus, etc., as well as bookings.b. In radiating, iphone16pro/promax uses 100% of regenerative aluminium metal radiating structures combined with a series of optimizations of glass backboards.
Performance is further enhanced by up to 20% performance improvement compared to 15Pro.c. For appearances and cameras, the 16Pro series has a titanium metal look with a larger display screen and a narrower frame, with 48 million pixel cameras in the main camera, a second generation of four-in-one pixel sensors, and ultra-wide lenses are upgraded to 48 million pixels, with a long-focal period.
The lens is designed using a four-dimensional reflection prism that supports five times the optical long focus; 16/16prus returns to vertically lined double lens design to achieve the ability to film space video.
1) Applewatch: Newly released applewatchseries 10 at a start-up price of $2999, mostly large and light, with a 30% increase in screen size compared to the previous generation, with a thickness of almost 10%. 2) Airpods: airpods 4 selling prices of $999, noise reduction of $1399, H2 chip, supporting personalized space audio; airpods
Mac2 sale priced $3999, replacing the Usb-c interface and introducing a full new colour; airpodspro2 software update, adding audio protection models, hearing aids, etc. in various environments.
Series, we look better at the iPhone 16 series: first, because in the iPhone 15 series, only promax supports the ai function, and the iPhone 16 is fully supported; second, the cost of 16 promax hardware upgrades to bom are estimated to be a significant increase over 15 promax, but the price of the sale remains unchanged, so 16 promax still has a value for money in terms of performance, subject to a 15 promax reduction.
Although domestic distribution has slowed, it is still likely that the global share of ios at the end will continue to rise. We estimate the 25-year iPhone sales from the change week, assuming a 1.5 billion holdings benchmark, with a prudent 17-per-cent turnover forecast, corresponding to a 25-year increase of 255 million iPhone sales compared to 24-year growth of +11.4 per cent.
Apple redefines a new form of i-a-side deployment, and the hardware is expected to benefit from the i-a-products, and we keep looking at the apples, the industrial chain, and we recommend that core fruit-chain suppliers be well-informed. With regard to cellular assembly, we believe that 58-60 million shipments of the iphone 16 series are expected to be made this year, which is about 23% of the year.
At the same time, the company is expected to get iphone16promax npi, whose single machine value is up from iphone15pus. On this basis, we measure the net return profit from 24 years of company cellular assembly operations, which is expected to contribute more elasticity than +26%.
The company’s business focus has reduced some of the less profitable projects, and it is expected to drive the consumption of electronic Maori to a good viewing pro assembly, with an overall output of 650,000 packages expected by 24 years. As a assembler, the company, as a pre-assembly supplier, has been held up at the profit end because of the high development costs it incurred. The profit end is expected to improve as the initial one-time input is phased out.
As a major future product line for large clients, as costs decline, the development of the ai function and the corresponding software packages keep up, the potential for scalding is higher than in automobile operations, where corporate products are well configured, smart cabins and related domain control products are delivered on priority customers, and companies are working with Chiré, Huahua, and Volvo operations to deepen. With the introduction of a new low-cost vehicle model for large global head customers in 24-25 years, corporate domain control product revenues have increased.
With regard to communications and data centres, the company has developed a deep technological build-up, with significant growth in copper connections, light connections, heat radiation modules, servers, and communication radio frequencies. The company developed a super-expected electrical connection operation in the first half of the year, and we have been working on the company’s communications connectivity module 24.
Downside risks: slow recovery of the global economy, increased competition for domestically produced mobile phones, risk to supply chain policies from large customers, and internal management from expansion of operations Upward risks: continued improvement of the global macroeconomic environment; acceleration of the process of cellular aiization; higher expectations of sales by xr; index of new marketable products; Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index; United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index; the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.