Q3 predicts growth is robust. Q3 publishes its semi-annual report for 2024, while its net profit is in line with expectations, while the company issues its three-quarter performance forecast.
The three main trends, driven by higher numeracy and the globalization of smart cars, have led to better development opportunities for companies to consume electronic communications, automobiles, and cars. The consumer electronics section has maintained a low growth rate.
The combined product and sophisticated component operations grew by 4.57%, and the main beneficiary is the fast-evolving model and its evolution from the cloud to the end, driving mobile terminals such as smartphones, pc, tablets, etc., fast-elapsing the consumer electronics industry itself into a recovery cycle that activates downstream market demand. Companies provide global head-to-head customers with spare parts, spare parts, etc.
One-stop service for module-to-system solutions, highly recognized by clients in the areas of acoustic products, ar/vr, and home/office equipment, contributing strong growth dynamics to current and future collections. Emerging business continues to grow at a high rate. Corporate communications business grew by 21.65%, and companies generated zero items in multi-grade items.
The system-level product development strategy is based on technological accumulation in the fields of electrical connection, light connection, power supply, wind/liquid cold radiation, radio frequency, building complete solutions from inner insulation, interlocking between cabinets, servers, switchboards, base station radio frequency, etc. to service customers, and helping companies to grow rapidly.
48.30 per cent, mainly benefiting from the rapid landing of autopilot projects within and outside the country, the growing wealth of intelligent cabin entertainment experience, the increased demand for high-speed interconnectivity, both inside and outside of smart cars, and the higher share of electronic and electronic spare parts per vehicle.The Division has developed a product matrix of car wires, connectors, smart cabins, intelligent driving, etc., as the global head host.
The plant provides a complete product landing service, which facilitates rapid growth in the quantity and quality of the company’s auto parts business, using the market price of 29 August 2024 as a standard, and because the net interest rate of the company is slightly higher than we had previously predicted, we have a small increase in the company’s profit forecast.
Risks from technological and macroeconomic fluctuations, exchange rate risks, risk management, relative concentration of customers.