In the first half of the year, q3 led to steady growth.
Events: Corporate business income of 2024h1 was $103,598 million, an increase of 5.74 per cent in the same year; net profit return, Chen Wei Quang, an increase of 5.74 per cent in the same year.
Increase of 1.07 percentage points in comparison, benefiting from an increase in the Māori ratio for consumer electronics operations, and communications, outlook q3, in median terms, corporate guidance q3 single quarter net profit for mother, deduction for non-retroactivity net profit for mother
In the context of the trend towards accelerated innovation, numeracy and car intelligence, the three main lines of business of the company are geared towards ai-consumption electronics and telecommunications, and car operations are fully benefiting from the trend of triading. The consumer electronics industry: customer-sideai products are fast landing, promising to boost end product sales, spare parts specifications, etc.
The company can provide a one-stop service for global head customers, ranging from spare parts, modules, to system solutions, especially smart devices such as acoustics, ar/vr, and home/office, which are highly recognized by a number of clients, with a strong increase in the tide.
Long kinetic energy. Communications operations: The company has developed a dual drive of multi-grade spare parts plus system-level products, based on deep technology such as electrical connections, light connections, power sources, cold/liquid radiative heat, radio frequency, etc.
Solution service systems in which the technology and landing capabilities of the copper connection project have reached a global level of leadership and are recognized by mainstream clients, and where there is considerable scope for subsequent development. Automobile operations: based on experience gained in consumer electronics, companies have formed car wires, connectors, smart cabins, intelligence.
A matrix of products such as driving will fully benefit from motor motorization, web connectivity, and intelligent trends. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with 300 indexes of depth; and a three-board index for the new three-board frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.