Communications and automobile operations have continued to grow and the consumption of electronic Maori has increased - companies have reported the impact of a slowdown in e-business over 24 years of performance ratings.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): in terms of operations, 24h1 consumption electronic revenue of $85.5 billion, or 3.3 per cent of the year; communications and data, where consumer electronic business (excluding pc) earned slightly less than we expected in the first half of the year; automobiles and communications exchange
The joint operations have been growing at a high rate, largely in line with expectations; computer connectivity has recovered, with a similar increase in the iphone switch rate and a boom in consumption, as well as the company's new product, "N.S.I.E.E.S.A.S.A." (002475.sz): Apple Treasure.
On the top, consumer e-business is expected to perform better at the income and profit ends in the second half of the year.
Downside risks: slow recovery of the global economy, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, exposure of large customers to supply chain policy winds, risks, internal management risks associated with business expansion. Upward risks: sustained improvements in global macroeconomics
Environment: Accelerating the process of personalization of mobile phones: Xr sales are more than expected: sales of new t-shirtable products $) and the revenue of the company ' s original principals grew at the same rate as +3.8 per cent, and profitability suggests that, despite some of the effects of the slowdown in consumer electronics operations, the company ' s cellular assembly of large clients is 25 per cent more than last year ' s growth.
Right, the financial situation has improved further, with the increase in the Maori rate due to improvements in some business structures in consumer electronics, and the emergence of profitable business directions such as communications and automobiles, which have led to an overall profit growth of more than 20 per cent for company h1. 24h1 consumption electronic revenues of $85.5 billion, or 3.3 per cent, and communications and data centre operations of $7.5 billion, or +21.7 per cent; computer-connected operations
Cost electronics (excluding pc) earned slightly less than we expected in the first half of the year; automobiles and telecommunications connectivity continued to grow at a high rate, largely in line with expectations; computer connectivity recovered with a positive year-on-year growth; 1) corporate consumption of electronics increased at a slower rate in the first half of the year and the Māori rate increased (+0.98 pct). We measure revenue at the end and on top of topmodule
The six-month downward trend in revenue is related to the assumption that the company’s business focus has shrunk some of the less profitable projects, leading to a recovery in the Māori rate. We judge that the modules (topmudule, cip, etc.) and zero components (haptics, vcm, type-c interfaces, etc.) that supply large clients continue to contribute to the major increase in public revenue.
It is expected that the company will become active and progressive in the new product, and that both the income and the profits will be increased further. 2) In the area of wearables, the first half of the year was marked by a 2% drop in the income of the major customers of Airpods and Watch in June, due to the temporary introduction of new items.
The launch of the Airpods 4 series in the second half of this year helped boost the company’s growth of h2. The company assisted its clients in the development of ari-functional products, including heart tests, non-contact blood sugar tests, and with the introduction of new one-functional blue-tooth headphones and watch based on ai’s health tests by large clients, the company is expected to regain its dynamic growth in the wearable business.
At the same time, the company is expected to get iphone 16 npi, single machine 4) mr business, and we're working on a total of 650,000 packages for large clients over 24 years. As a pre-assembly supplier, the company is expected to build up.
There are significant development costs, which are sometimes delayed at the profit end and reflected in the first half of the year's financial statements. The profit end is expected to improve as the initial one-time input is phased out. In the follow-up to the big client mr, we expect a low-cost version of the Bom in 25 years, which could be around $1,000. mr, as a major future product line for large clients, as the costs fall, the development of the ai function, and the corresponding softness.
Complemental step-by-step keeping up, with greater potential for scalding.2 In the area of communications and data centres, there has been a deep technological build-up that covers a wide range of modules and system-level products from the core zero items of electrical connection, light connection, base station radio frequency, radiation, power sources, etc. to complete resolution of interlocking, interlocking, server, switchboard, base station radio frequency, etc.
The company, in collaboration with the global head chip plant, is forward-looking in setting standards for the next generation of high-speed connectivity, and has now won client recognition on products such as high-speed copper cables, cables and connector components, thereby serving as an entry point for further collaboration with head customers in the fields of light connection, heat transfer, power supply modules, etc. 24h1 has developed over-expected electrical connectivity operations, and we have maintained 30% growth in corporate communications links throughout the year.
3. With respect to automobile interconnections, companies have developed diversified product matrices such as car wires, connectors, smart cockpits, smart drivers, and working with customers such as Chiré, Huayuan, and Hiroshi. The resistance to automobile operations ahead of the company comes mainly from internal resource constraints rather than from markets and customers. With limited resources, corporate strategies are prioritized.
Demand orders for non-consequential clients to increase their non-consistency and secure market share will provide further motivation for the company’s automobile business growth. Meanwhile, with the introduction of a new cheap model of global head-to-head customers in 24-25 years, corporate domain-controlled product revenue growth is expected to continue to benefit.
With 24h1, the global pc industry is recovering, and corporate income is rising. Apple introduced the appleitelligence function to Mac in the first half of the year, and is expected to launch a new version of Mac with m4 chips in the second half of the year, which is expected to lead to improvements in corporate overall pc operations. With the rapid roll-out of aipc, an upturn in peripheral calculations will provide a huge amount of hardware-end opportunities for companies to consume electronic components.
2. The company’s valuation and performance chart is based on 1) mobile phone assembly, and we expect to contribute more than $2.5 billion in net profits over 24 years: 2) modules, driven by the new iphone 16 series.
Based on 1) iPhone 16 series, driven by the demand for appleitelligence and switchover, the overall sales volume of the large client iPhones exceeded 224 million, with a 26% increase in profits from the company ' s cellular assembly operations; 2) the share of Topmodule and Bottommodule increased over the second half of the year, with more new zero components, leading to a double-digit increase in consumer electronic income end; 3) the introduction of new headphones and watches in the second half of the year, with a good level of market acceptance, or guided by special events
As a result, companies have significantly increased their share of goods available for assembly: 4) vehicles, internal resource constraints have broken out, client cooperation has accelerated, income has increased by well over 50 per cent; 5) in communications, major overseas clients have made much more progress than expected, electricity connections, light connections, etc., have generated far more than 30 per cent revenue from products, leading companies to go up to beta. 6) Roe, for example, the company ' s strategic focus on business has been effective, financing costs have been significantly reduced, profitability has increased and companies have been driven throughout the year.
Based on (1) a slow recovery in consumption, iPhone new products received less than expected, with the overall volume of shipments falling well below 224 million; (2) company topmodule products dropped significantly to well below 40 per cent of the major clients ' share in the module; (3) large clients ' headphones and new watches-related items were delayed or received less than expected, resulting in a year-round decline in revenue from assembly operations, and delays in the release of a new generation of mr products had some impact on market sentiment; and (4) Roe, competitively,
The cost of deteriorating environment, a significant decline in the overall Māori ratio in the second half of consumer electronics, and the continuing rise in indebtedness and high financing costs are significant. Figure 6: Net profit and increase (millions of dollars) in a single quarter of a company ' s net profit and interest rate in each quarter of a company
Figure 8 Change in corporate roa/roe Figure 9 Changes in corporate cost rates Downside risks: slow global economic recovery, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, large customer exposure to supply chain policy, internal management as a result of business expansion
Upward risks: a continuously improved global macroeconomic environment; accelerated process of aiization of mobile phones; higher expectations of sales by xr; a new clothable product index, with Hong Kong's market benchmark being the consistent index, the United States market benchmark being the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index being the three-board index (for the protocol transfer target) or the three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index being the 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts