High-quality performance growth, ai full enabling business development 26/08/2024 Event: 23/08, accurate release of the 2024 mid-year report and company 2024h1 harvest
103.6 billion yuan, +5.7%, net profit to the mother, +23.9%, net profit to the mother; net profit to the non-mother, forecast for the third quarter of the year, expected to achieve net profit to the mother in the first three quarters, $8.8 billion ~ $9.2 billion, high-quality growth in performance and strong business confidence.
\triangleright continues to build on the consumer electronic business base, while fully utilizing communications and automobiles to promote corporate diversification at its core. 24h1, consumer electronics revenue, by branch of operation.
In terms of profitability, 24h1, the company's upgrading is mainly due to the company's continuous restructuring and optimization of its business structure. At the cost end, 24h1 companies sell (24-year-a-quarterly): strong growth in performance, 24h1
Anecdotal (002475.sz) event review: acquisition of q to increase the amortization of personnel and remuneration benefits and depreciation, and financial costs due to exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in higher exchange rate gains.
\triangleright 3.    (002475.sz) 2023
Annual report performance forecast: Performance meets expectations, with products reaping full recognition and high ratings from domestic and foreign head clients. In addition, high-speed interconnectivity in the data centre 4. Advanced & III in 2023 (002475.sz)
Quarterly performance forecast: Performance meets expectations, and mr+gas nvl72 single-packs can provide solutions of about $2.09 million, including electrical connection, light connection, sustained expansion in the area of car + communications - 2023/09/03
Electricity management, heat radiation, etc.. In automobile operations, companies report through the fast-track (002475.sz) depths of electron consumption: auto racing, iterative capacity and awareness of cost control, deep-ploughed auto parts, domestic and foreign head mainframes and automobiles
New growth, sophisticated production of taps, deep strategic partnerships with 2023/02/1 customers, full-face layout of car wires, connectors, smart seating, smart driving, etc. 24H1 automobile business revenue increased by 48% + and car spare parts business achieved both quantity and quality
The company’s performance is expected to increase further as the share of mobile phones is continuously raised, the customer outreach and the volume of new items in the automobile and communications business continues to grow.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.