The Troika is growing together, looking forward to a wave of ai investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) August 24, 2024, top-secret annual report for the first half of the year.
The current operating income of $103.60 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, realized a net return to the mother of $5.40 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, achieved a net gain of $4.96 billion, an increase of 19.4 per cent over the same period, corresponding to an increase of $51.19 billion in the 2q24 quarter, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period.
A 2.3 per cent decrease, a single quarter net profit of $2.93 billion, a 25.1 per cent increase over the same period, an increase in ring growth, and a 3q24 performance forecast for the company, which is expected to achieve a net return profit in the first quarter of 3q24 The prices of the company compared to the trend of 300 deep
• A robust growth in consumer e-business, a rapid growth in communications automobile business, a consumption of e-business plates, company revenues of $85.550 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.25 per cent since the second half of 2023. Since the second half of 2023, with the rapid rotation and efficient compression of the ii model, and from the cloud,
As the global consumer electronics market progresses to the end, a growing number of mobile terminals, such as mobile phones, pc, pad, have been able to leverage the power of end-side-ai applications, and have been further activated by the resonance of the industrial recovery week.
One-stop products from spare parts, modules to system solutions are available to all head brand clients, especially in the area of acoustic products, ar/vr and home/office smart equipment.
A high degree of recognition from many clients has been one of the strong dynamic forces for current and future growth. Communications operations, with companies earning $7.47 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period.
A deep technological accumulation of products such as power sources, wind/liquid cold-discharge heat, radio frequency, etc., has built a complete system of solutions services such as in-box interconnection, inter-rear interconnection, server, switchboard, base station radio frequency, etc., and sent samples.
Given that the current big one model parameters are moving rapidly from 100 billion to 100 billion or even larger scales, and that the large volume of calculations has made the next generation of the ai cluster more demanding in terms of high-speed connectivity performance, it is against this background that companies are working efficiently with global head chip producers to serve as global mainstream data centres and clouds.
Service providers undertake forward-looking research on high-speed PV interconnection products and jointly develop high-speed connectivity standards to serve the following 1.
In the motor business sector, the company earned $4.76 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 48.3 per cent, with the "Car 2. Precision: 23q3 profits match expectations, multiple clouds" era, rapid landing of autopilot projects in and out of the country, and smart cabin entertainment.
The field layout promotes a steady growth in business performance, and the experience is growing, with large-scale information interacting driving the high-speed interconnectivity of smart cars, both inside and outside the cabin, and the rapid increase in the share of electronic and electronic parts of bicycles.
3. Precision: 23H1 performance is bright, with heavy rapid turnover and a sense of cost control, resulting in a diversified product matrix of car wires, connectors, smart seats, intelligent driving, etc., which is available from multiple production bases, both within and outside the sea
The head office provides complete product landing services, the company ' s vehicle spare parts business continues to grow over the past three quarters, and expects alphone to bring about new changes. The company ' s quarterly performance continues to improve and, according to the company ' s forecast, a net return is expected in the first quarter of 3q24
The system will either drive consumer demand, shorten the switch cycle, and thus drive the supply chain to benefit. Stewardship and a client are actively aligned from old to new products, the share of supply continues to grow, and if a client ' s product sales increase significantly, it will benefit.
Global data centres are also moving towards higher numeracy and the globalization of smart cars, and markets and production patterns are accelerating, and business such as corporate communications and automobile electronics are becoming more competitive, technology is not being developed as expected, and large customers are not being sold as much as expected.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.