On September 14, 2024, the company issued an announcement for the purchase of shares in the company of leoniag and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
We believe that this unit is trading in the world's leading car wire companies. Lenny is a global head provider of cable, wire, and beam system solutions with over a hundred years of development and its main product covers standardized cable, specialized power.
Cables and custom-developed beam systems and related components are widely used in the automotive industry, communications industry, etc. The Lenny flag contains two major core operations, namely, the auto cable industry, which operates on leonik, and the wire beam system industry, which operates on leonib.
For example, in 2023, the company was in the top ten brands of the global car wires. Acquisition arrangements: the company spent about $4.1 billion on valuations below net assets, with a larger asset collection but 2023, of which the company and its controlling subsidiary will trade Euro320 million to buy 100% of the leonik held by leoniag at a price.
Equity, fully-owned subsidiary of the company, will buy 50.1% of the leoniag equity at a trade price of Euro210 million, and leoniag holds 100% of the shares of all operators associated with the “linear system” including the Ministry of Linear Systems. Targeted asset performance: leonik earned 1.46 billion euros in business income in 2023, with a loss of Euro1.328 million; leoni
The value of the purchase: the value of the transaction, as disclosed in the company ' s bulletin, and the company ' s business performance, is expected to produce better synergies and lead to rapid growth in the company ' s automobile business. On the one hand, it helps the company.
In terms of product development, market expansion, customer access, production capability layout, material procurement, and resource complementarities and strategic synergies with the company, the rapid development of a differentiated competitive advantage of the company in the area of global car wire beams and the provision of more portable, efficient vertical integration services for Chinese car companies both at sea and overseas; on the other hand, public officials
The Division, with its better in-house and outreach development experience and advantages such as process optimization, vertical integration and factory operations, could provide Lenny and Leonik with, but not limited to, financial, business, procurement, production, and market prices as of 18 September 2024.
Internal control management, such as personnel structure, internal controls, business expansion optimization and empowerment. Synergy in financing interest rates, purchasing power, global capacity, modelling tools/intellectual manufacturing experience, customer resources, etc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Macroeconomic fluctuations risk, exchange rate risk, management risk, relative concentration of risk by clients.