The corporate development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank and the main steps to be taken to that end are: first, it is to be a financial-service investment bank.
With the opening of Hong Kong, the external layout is expected to benefit. With the opening of Hong Kong in December 2016, Hong Kong is expected to benefit from the company’s operations in Hong Kong.
The company, as an a+h-marketer, added HK$ 1.5 billion to its offshore subsidiary, Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), in October 2016, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to HK$ 2.1 billion, thus enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
The company’s investment income for the first 12 months of 2016 has accumulated $258 million, compared to market hot spots and industry depths, which are important references for investors seeking absolute returns.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with one to two shares per period.
Change, follow-up point evaluation and justification if stock changes are proposed. Related studies: First Cover: Self-Finance-driven Specialized Bonders - Eastern Securities Depth Report (2016.8.18), Self-Hovered Business Delay \triangleright
The decline in corporate profits — the East Stock Exchange (2016.8.30), they believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market and build the Sinda Securities Company Ltd.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd Compares 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, which has been in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. It has a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy, industry, etc. It interacts with mainstream media, such as Xinhua.
In July 2015, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research support in the financial sector. The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.