20 February 2017 Shinda's excellent push.
The corporate development strategy is clear. The corporate development strategy is designed to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps towards that end are set out: first, the top 10 in the securities industry. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and second, the corporate three-year strategic plan is based on four dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, customer-driven and innovation-driven.
In December 2016, the Hong Kong stock deal began, and the company’s operations in Hong Kong are expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong business with China’s China Bamboo Research Assistant.
As a result of this replenishment, the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) amounts to HK$2.1 billion, increasing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad. The impact of discipline operations.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
\triangleright changes, followed-up points and justifications if stock changes are proposed. Related studies: First Coverage: Self-Finance-driven Specialized Bonders - Indepth Report on Eastern Securities (2016.8.18), " Self-employed business drags on "
\triangleright’s Decline in Profit – Eastern Securities Report 2016.8.30) suggests that these stock trends will significantly outpace the market, and that the market will be built.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In comparison, research in the financial sector began in July 2014. With international and domestic research experience in multiple dimensions, such as macro-strategy and industry, interaction with mainstream media such as Xinhua and others is frequent. Prices, research assistants. Graduated in 2015 from the Central University of Finance and Economics, graduate in 2013 from Shandong University of Finance. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015 for research support in the financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.