20 March 2017 Sindha's brilliant push.
The corporate development strategy is clear. The corporate development strategy is designed to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps towards that end are set out: first, the top 10 in the securities industry. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and second, the corporate three-year strategic plan is based on four dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, customer-driven and innovation-driven.
In December 2016, the Hong Kong stock deal began, and the company’s operations in Hong Kong are expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong business with China’s China Bamboo Research Assistant.
As a result of this replenishment, the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) has risen to HK$2.1 billion, increasing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad. The corporate performance profile for February shows that the company earns $330 million in operating income and a net profit of $126 million, and the ring rises are market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
Related study: First coverage: Self-financed Proprietary Bonds - In-depth Report on Eastern Securities (2016.8.18). " Self-employed operations are delayed \triangleright changes, follow-up points are evaluated, and reasons are given if stock changes are proposed.
They think these stock movements are going to be a significant victory over the market.
Compared with Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, Building No. 1, in July 2014, in charge of financial sector research. With a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy and industry, there is frequent interaction with mainstream media, such as Xinhua Society.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.