China: After the completion of the construction of the sodium sodium acid and hydrogen oxide productions, the main owner handed over about 150 million shares in Hong Kong during the first half of the year.
To convert salt production into synthetic carbonate, the share will be reached.
In the future, the company will move into the real-estate business chain, with 42.6 million yuan in co-operation with other partners.
It is estimated that the company's share of investment in the new energy battery will be limited and will reach 1,316 million yuan in 2019.
Company brief: The industry is the leader of the deep processing industry, and the company produces products such as metal, hydrogen, and other chemical products. Stock prices are shown in the deep processing poles, and the rapid development of new energy vehicles is helping to boost demand for salt.
New energy cars bring upstream salt demand, and in the first half of 2018 the supply and demand of carbonate syrup was evenly balanced. New energy sources in China grew from 17.6 million vehicles in 2013 to 777,000 in 2017, with an annual increase of 157%. New energy cars are expected to outpace 1 million in 2018.
After the transfer of the upper-middle-moved power cell to the whole level downstream, salt can still account for more than 10% of the new energy car fleet. Stimulatively, China’s new energy vehicle demand is projected to increase the global range of 2009 million tons of carbonate equivalents to 402,000 tons of carbonate in 2020, compounding the year 2020.
Given the concentration of the global expansion program in 2018, the forecast is that global demand for capital will be tight in the first half of 2018, while production will be released gradually in the second half of the year. Upstream expansion of production will continue to increase in 2018.
According to the company ' s salt lake and mine layouts, its upstream carbonate reserves amount to 1.52 million tons. The company ' s minerals are now 100% self-sufficient in 2017, and will be fully self-sufficient when the new production line is completed in 2018.
The company's main salt product, after completion of the short profit sheet (rmb million dollars), will be able to maintain 50.9 million tons of carbonate and 32,000 tons of hydroxide and 88,000 tons of synthetic carbonate.
In 2018, the company’s carbonate market was estimated to have increased by about 25%, rather than expanding the production of batteries and building a chain of production. In recent years, the company has gradually expanded its downstream production of rice ponds. In 2017, the company invested in 600 million watts of high-capacity ion power batteries.
In addition, in 2018, the company's full-source company, with its own capital, invested $42.6 million in a new energy battery in Jiangxi, in partnership with other partners.
The company. By extending its business to the production of a power cell, the company will move up and down the chain of industry to $2.86 billion. The goal is 3.12 based on the pe valuation method in the relative valuation method and the v/ebitda valuation method, which corresponds to 26.3 times the value of the pe.
Please refer to the attachmenta for the statement of the analyst and the important disclosure.
In making investment decisions, investors should consider this report only one of these considerations. The new energy car is driving upstream salt demand, with carbonate in 2018 providing a tight balance.
The development of new energy vehicles stimulates the demand for titanium batteries, and the cost of the battery is more than half the share: the product chain is largely divided into upstream resources, pure and downstream. The upstream resource development process is mainly related to mining, water, and sea water. The main products of smelting in China are chlorine, hydrogen oxide, and so on.
For the first time in 2015, the share of global consumer consumption of chargeable batteries exceeded that of glass ceramics, reaching about 37%, making it the most important application area downstream. In China, downstream batteries have been used since 2015.
In China, the production of new-energy cars has increased significantly, with power cells occupying more than 3c batteries. According to estimates, salt can still account for more than 10% of the cost of new-energy cars, which is most important for new-energy cars, after going upstream and downstream to cover the entire level of the vehicle.
As the Chinese government began to invest more in the area of new energy automobiles in 2013, the new energy car industry has entered a rapid period of development. The new energy car sales grew from 17.6 million in 2013 to 777,000 in 2017.
In recent years, the introduction of a two-part system will make the new energy and car industry healthier. It is expected that one million new energy cars will be sold in 2018. According to the Energy and New Energy Industry Development Plan (2012-2020) and the 13th World War,
Tens of thousands, nearly three times as high as in 2017, continue to grow. Figure 3: Momentum battery demand, capr.
China: Raw material page 2, 16 pages of salt, the main products used in the operation of the new energy car power cell are carbonate and hydroxide.
It is mainly used in the production of iron phosphate and trinity material and electrolyte to electrolyte the electrolyte of hexafluorinated phosphorus. And hydroxide is used in the production of tripolar material with higher levels of thorium relative to thorium. And from upstream raw materials, the cost of carbonate thallium in salt lakes is lower in the global range, and the production of thorium oxide is more appropriate.
In terms of salt demand, according to Anteco data, China supplied 12.44 million tons of salt in 2017, at a cost of 12.47 million tons, with a supply shortfall of 0.03 million tons. With the rapid growth of new energy cars, China ' s salt demand is projected to double at 37% per year over the next three years, with salt production in the single new energy car area.
The demand for goods increased from 20% in 2017 to 30% in 2020. Figure 4: Global supply of salt cagr for power batteries 2016-2020, with salt lakes and rock as the main source of production.
Awareness is growing, governments are encouraging and regulations are improving, and consumers' recognition of electric cars is increasing, and new energy cars are becoming the world's trend. Driven by the development of new energy cars in Central and Eastern Europe, the demand for salt from new energy cars is projected to be 472 million tons of carbonic acid from 2016 to 2020 worldwide.
The volume increased to 190.7 million tons of carbonate in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 41.7 per cent, while the total global demand for salt increased from 20.9 million tons of carbonate in 2016 to 40.2 million tons of carbonate in 2020, with an annual compound increase of 19 per cent.
China: Raw material page 3, 16 pages in total, according to US address agency data, the global reserves of mines in 2016 are approximately as follows:
Fourteen million tons, of which Chile alone has a national reserve of 7.5 million tons, are more abundant than China's 3.2 million tons, Argentina's 2 million tons, and Australia's 1.6 million tons. By category, global resources are stored mainly in Salt Lake Water and Saltstone.
In 2016, the amount of carbon produced by the world’s resources amounted to 193,000 tons, of which salt lakes accounted for 63.6%, and 118,000 tons, the rest of which was the result of the run-off of stone and clouds.
Figure 8: Global salt production structure sqm 25% in 2017
Data source: US Address Bureau, Yuan Da, Data source: U.S.A., Global Balance of Supply and Demand for Financial Resources 2018, Carbon Acid Prices entering the period of rational adjustment.
In 2017, the supply of global resources was estimated at 236,000 tons, while the demand was 231,000 tons, maintaining a tight balance. In 2018, the global capital stock business, and so on, expanded.
An increase in carbonate production from 48,000 tons to 66,000 tons is expected to reach 216,000 tons by 2025. From the fourth quarter of 2017 to date, production has been reduced at the power cell plant, production has been reduced at the material plant, and production has been reduced at the same time as at the salt lake, and production at the new plant has been gradually reduced.
In bits, as a result, the overall supply has increased and structural supply and demand imbalances have been repaired, carbonate prices have fallen into the rational system. For the 2018 carbonate price scenario, the demand for new energy cars is clear about how the batteries are connected, so the focus is on the timing and progress of the new salt production.
The price is focused on the extent to which the overseas rainy season affects the supply of water and the extent to which salt starts at the same rate as solid materials, while the second half of the year is focused on the release of new products from salt plants and on the start-up of batteries and the availability of supplies. It is projected that salt production will be released mainly in the second half of 2018, with full-time release time in the second half of 2018.
The annual average price of carbonate is estimated to be about $140,000 per ton per year.
China: Raw material page 4, 16 pages top-heavy, with the company ' s salt market rising in 2018.
In 2016, China had the second highest reserves of mines, more than 80% of which came from salt lakes, and China’s vast reserves of resources, but there was a gap between technology and foreign countries. Salt lakes, though rich in reserves, were complex and unable to raise them from salt lakes.
According to the data, 70% of China’s supply of upstream resources is imported. In the short term, the production and processing industries of the Bureau’s overseas resources have great advantages.
The industry is a dragon-headed enterprise with domestic resources. Its main business is deep processing. It is dominated by salt, such as carbonate and hydroxide.
One of the best ways to do business upstream costs. In 2017, the company divided between the mtmarion rock project under the Australian Bureau Rim and the pilbara project, in which the company supplied about 300,000 tons of minerals for its 10 ships, which had been shipped back to the country by the end of 2017.
In 2018, Rim will supply 400,000 tons of concentrate to the company, plus the Irish blackstar mine and the Argentine Mariana river mine, which it had invested in, and the company's overseas distribution of four major projects. And, upstream, the company has already set up the Jiangxi River stone project.
100% self-sufficiency, with some surplus. According to a review of information disclosure, the company's new production line in 2018 will be fully self-sufficient and will not be sold out.
It's a tradition for companies to use chlorinated solutions, and it's a rich field of experience and technology. This company will have its own technology, market, market, and stock.
The combination of salt lakes and raw material resources will lead to a further expansion of the company’s resource base and increase the breadth and depth of the company’s resource base. After the mega-business is launched, the company will lock down 17,000 salt products, which is likely to increase the company’s market share.
The company, as one of the oligarchs of global resources and battery-grade hydrogen oxide, plays a significant role in the global industry. The company’s main salt products are carbonate and hydroxide.
7.32%, 20.45% and 32.00% are growing rapidly. In the domestic market for carbonate, the most recent three are China: raw materials. Figure 13: Steady growth in the share of companies in salt production of all types.
Figure 12: The ratio of carbonate and hydrogen oxide to the company ' s products is almost half the ratio of lithium carbonate to lithium hydroxide to lithium butithium hydroxide to lithium fluoride to lithium batteries to other
Data source: Corporate Bulletin, Yuan Da Data source: U.S.A.C., 2017, Inc. invested in the expansion of salt salt products. The main extension products are carbonate and hydroxide.
At this stage, the solid phosphate iron phosphorus and the corresponding low-line trio material of the power of the new energy vehicles in the country is made from carbonate. In the light of the rapid growth of the new vehicles, the company speeds up the carbonate production project. The company’s full-fledged subsidiary is investing 17.5 million tons of batteries at a cost of $503 million.
In late 2017, the company launched one of the projects that could convert the company’s bonds into an annual production of 15,000 tons of battery-grade carbonate, which is expected to be released in the fourth quarter of 2018. In addition, the company’s first investment in the Qing Haihui Enterprise, which was established in partnership with the Xianhai Yue and Miao, was set up in partnership with the company’s new shares.
The construction of the 7,000 tons of battery-grade carbonate production line is expected to start gradually releasing capacity between the third quarter of 2018 and 2019. The company sold 17 million tons of carbonate production in 2017.
Figure 14: The industrial industry increased the production of carbonate and hydrogen oxides by 395 million tons and 20,000 tons in 2018-2019. The current phase of hydrogen oxides is mainly used in the production of high-grade materials such as ncm 622, ncm and 811 and nca for new energy vehicles.
The increase in the energy density of the batteries has been an important driving force in the constant development of new energy vehicles. In the Chinese government’s previous Medium-Term Development Plan for the Car Industry, it was explicitly proposed that the power cells alone would reach more than 300wh/kg by 2020, and that this would be achieved.
350wh/kg, the system struggled with energy to reach 260wh/kg. And the demand for battery energy density in the 2018 rumour supplement will force the company to increase production and output on the high-powered power cell. It is expected that in 2018, the production of ncm and 811 nca will accelerate. And the company will be oxidizing as a domestic hydride.
An absolute dragonhead with a yield of 8,000 tons in 2017, with a projected future market occupancy after release, or to China: raw material Figure 16: The price of hydroxide holds at $148.5 million per ton.
Figure 15: Global supply of lithium hydroxide (t) tons) • Global demand for lithium hydroxide (t) tons)
Source: China's Colored Metals Association, which will be able to climb the slopes of the company's products after Spring 2018. The company can produce around 23.7 million tons of carbonate, and around 12,000 tons of hydroxide.
With the completion of the production of carbonate and hydrogen oxides, the company ' s main salt products will be maintained at 5.9 million tons of carbonate and 320,000 tons of hydrogen oxide. The company ' s main salt products will be equivalent to 88,000 tons of synthetic carbonate. This is a 2.3-fold increase over the current production of 38,000 tons of major salt products.
Figure 18: In the second quarter of 2018, the company fluorinated platinum entered the production-capable slope period. Source: Corporate bulletins, large, and, globally, almost half of the world ' s salt products are marketed in the middle and south. 2019.
After the company's expansion is complete, the company's production of carbonate and hydrogen oxides will be on the first stage of the world. China: raw materials.
Page 7, 16 pages. The top five clients in the first half of the year were the Korea lgchem, rockwoodlithium, a limited company, the building industry, Guizhou Jinhua, and Hunanhua.
Dragonhead, and rockwood, the world’s largest producer, was bought in 2014 by the world’s chemical giant, America, at $6.2 billion. The building industry is the dragon company with the highest volume of material output in the country, and is currently producing 17 million tons of material, which will be expanded to 53,000 tons in the future and will continue to do so.
In addition to the top five clients, the company also supplies salt to downstream companies in the new energy and car chain, such as the positive materials industry, the sarcophagus, the electric fluids industry, the fluorinated industry, and the downstream new energy vehicle, which is definitely the Aadi. And overseas, in addition to the Korean lg, the company is also pine-down, and the three-star sdi supplies salt products.
The company's growing power generation, the company's building of a chain of production. Controling the upper, upper, upper, and lower.
On the basis of the customer base, which underpins the new material and pharmaceutical fields, the extension of the industrial chain to deep-processed products up and down. On the upstream side, the company buys the avalonia rock mine, the Argentine Mariana water mine, and Australia.
Arim Quarrell shares, from which the demand for deep-processed raw materials is secured. Downstream, the company, by buying 100% of Shenzhen's shareholdings, the Chiefs of the City's Car, by promoting the extension of the chain downstream and the upgrading of the chain of production, realizes the new energy domain.
The battery will invest 42.6 million yuan in co-financing with other partners to build the Jiang Xianjin Power Company Ltd. will continue to promote corporate business in the field of the power grid. And the company will raise money through a fungible loan facility, and part of the revenue will be used to build the 600 million-watt-hour annual high-capacity ion power battery planned.
So far, the company's battery product has been delivered to customers in small quantities. The company has introduced the authority of the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the company has built solid batteries for commercial purposes. In the first half of 2017, the company introduced the development of solid batteries by technicians such as Dr. Hsiao-hyun.
The lower density leads to two major problems with the low mileage of new energy vehicles. The solid power cell uses solid electrolysis to replace the less secure diaphragms and electrolytic fluids, which are highly secure. Negative extremes can also be converted to metal for higher energy intensity.
China: Original Materials Month, it works as a project analyst in Toyota-Japan Consortium for Materials Research. Toyota is a project director.
According to the company’s incentive plan for the solid battery industry, the solid battery team will have to finish in June 2018.
In December of 2019, 300 million yuan was sold, while in December 2019, the second generation of solid batteries matured, and three generations of solid batteries were ready for study.
The business time for solid batteries is 2020. The company’s incentive program has a higher time horizon than expected in the market, or will promote research and commerce from the side of the company in the field of solid batteries. Moreover, the future use of metal from the negative extremes is also a major trend in the development of solid batteries.
In order to improve the company ' s recycling industry, the company set up a fully-owned company, Jiangxi Rim Technologies Ltd., early in 2016, which invested $12 million in the recycling of metal-containing waste. In recent years, the company has been re-entering Jiangxijing in a practical way.
Technology Ltd. has made an increase in its resources. After this increase, the Reciprocal Register will be increased from $12 million to $100 million. In 2017, the company plans to recover tens of thousands of waste materials. In the meantime, the company, thanks to its initial cycle of recycling of waste water, is now equipped to model its use technology for renewable resources.
In the third quarter of 2017, the company's Māori ratio increased from 23.3 per cent in 2015 to 42.2 per cent.
The company’s excellent cost-control capabilities, and as the price of salt continues to be at a relative high in 2018, the company’s Māori rate will continue to rise. Moreover, the company’s third quarter of 2017 shows clean interest rates at the top of its resource base.
China: raw materials Figure 23: Clean growth rate in the titanium industry: 24.2% Figure 22: Māori rate in the titanium industry: 42.2%
According to the third quarter of 2017, corporate sales, management and financial fees accounted for 5.1% of the total business income, the lowest of the major businesses in the capital sector, and twice as much as in 2015, in terms of corporate sales, management and financial costs. In terms of the net income rate (roe), the company ' s revenue rate was 2017.
The three-quarter financial report shows that it is 13.8 per cent, far above the average of 6 per cent, and is located in the country's four largest sources of resources.
The price of carbonate products in the current phase is estimated to be around $110,000 per ton. The cost is estimated to be around $60,000 per ton, and in the future the company will continue to maintain 100 per cent self-sufficiency, with a 2 to 3 per cent increase in the Māori rate of carbonate products, given the relative balance between supply and demand.
China: original material page 10, 16 pages, after completion of the company ' s carbonate and hydrogen oxide production capacity in 2018-2019.
The main salt products will maintain 50.9 million tons of carbonate and 320,000 tons of hydrogen oxide, and the company's main salt products will convert 88,000 tons of synthetic carbonate. This is 2.3 times the current capacity of 38,000 tons of salt products. At the same time, based on good operating and cost control, the company is projected to be 2017 - 2017.
China: Original Materials Page 11, 16 Pages Comment: All revenue figures are in local currency
China: originals Page 12, 16 Page 13, 16 Pages
China: raw material Page 14, 16 pages China: original material
Annex: Key disclosures: Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study report and who is responsible for issuing the certificate or certificate in this report, this statement: (1) all the points in the paper reflect his personal views on the issuers of the certificate or certificate; (2) any specific investment proposals or observations made by the analysts of the Department of Research in this study are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present or future remuneration.
Industry (002460ch) - Three-year historical trends in investment advice and target prices Source: Bloomberg, Yuan: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity.
This is based on the Centre's vision of the future of the stock, its financial statements, and its financial statements.
The idea is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, typologies, evaluation information, and risk profiles.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, issues, valuation information, and risk profile. Selling: We have a negative view of the stock based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or comparable rates of remuneration during the investment period. This view is based on the Centre’s development prospects, financial statements, and financial statements for the stock.
The assessment: The Centre’s estimates, ratings, targets are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock. Restrictive ratings: no rating and target price is given for compliance with the rules and/or rules of the law and/or the dollar’s policies.
The content of this report is taken from data sources recognized by the company, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or invitation to sell any certificate.
This report provides only general information, information contained in it, or any opinion, and does not create any solicitation or solicitation of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is for the general purpose of communication to clients, and is not intended to provide investment advice, nor does it take into account the financial circumstances and objectives of any person who might receive the report.
This report does not contain any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly. This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in compliance with the law and that is the manager of the certificate or the firm, for the purpose of managing or trading the certificate in that jurisdiction.
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to pass through the securities register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments.
Taiwanns who want to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report should contact the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation by means of the following means:
Hong Kong citizens who wish to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report from Taiwan City, Taiwan 104 Nankingdong Road, are required to contact Yuan Dalian Co. Ltd. by:
18 Hong Kong's summer paste, 1 23rd floor in Heefu Center, page 16, 16 pages.
China: original material