Integrated development of the lithium chain up and down, leading the lithium industry.
● Integrated upstream and downstream development of the lithium industry chain: In recent years, the demand for new energy industries, especially power cell industries, has surged rapidly, and companies have come up with huge opportunities to build up, including upstream lithium resource extraction, deep processing of lithium compounds, metal lithium production, etc.
The industry-wide chain layout, including lithium battery production, lithium recovery. According to the company ' s published performance flash report, 2017 ° Upstream, middle- and down-stream: The company is actively building on its existing customers in the field of new materials and new medicines.
Upstream and downstream extension of the industrial chain. Upstream, firms secure demand for raw materials for deep-processed lithium products by acquiring shares in lithium mines, salt lakes; midstream, expanding the company ' s lithium salt processing capacity to provide a basis for future performance growth; downstream, firms promote downstream extension of the chain and industry.
The supply of lithium is expected to remain tight in 2018: around tons, the global supply of lithium salt was over 7,000 tons in 2018, representing only 2.3 per cent of the total supply.
The price of lithium salt is expected to remain stable in 2018. • The implementation of equity incentives builds up from the bottom up: the firm has a high level of confidence in medium- and long-term development and builds up from the bottom up.
• Looking at the company's future performance as it continues to grow, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating: looking at the company's future performance as it continues to grow.
The Lithium Industry was established in March 2000 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in August 2010. The Department, as a representative producer of lithium products in the country, mainly sells lithium compounds, lithium metal and lithium batteries.
Products. The rapid surge in demand in the new energy industry in recent years, particularly in power cells, has led to a huge expansion of companies, which have gradually built up a whole industry chain layout that includes upstream lithium resource extraction, deep processing of lithium compounds, metal lithium production, lithium battery production, and lithium recovery, which has increased the value added of corporate products through the extension of the industrial chain; and lithium access.
Ecosystems for sustainable product development. As the country’s first supplier of multi-species deep-processed lithium products, companies have increased their resilience to the volatility of single-product markets and increased their combined competitive power.
The company was registered in the city of Shinyu, Jiangxi Province, where it was mainly engaged in the processing of lithium metal and lithium chloride.
Acquisition of 9.9 per cent of the international lithium industry and extension to the upper Lithium industry value chain, acquisition of 51 per cent of the blackstairslithium stock and further acquisition of 4 per cent of its stock in 2015 • extension of the industrial chain to downstream lithium batteries
• Acquisition of 25 per cent of the rim in Jiangxi Lithium Industry, Shenzhen Miba, and further acquisition of rim 18.1 per cent in 2016 • Establishment of a solid-state battery research and development centre
• Start construction of a lithium ion power cell plant in Jiangxi — purchase of shares in the lithium industry, pilbaraminerals, and explorexresources, and continue the deployment of lithium mine resources — to extend to downstream scrap battery recovery operations
The rapid rise in the price of beneficial lithium salt and the rapid increase in performance The year saw a significant increase in the global new energy automobile, benefiting from a significant increase in downstream demand, and the start of a major rise in the prices of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide in the second half of 2015, which led to rapid growth in the deep-processed lithium product industry and to high corporate performance and innovation in 2016.
The company achieved gross operating income of $284,412.03 million a year, an increase of 110.06 per cent a year; net return profits of the company net return profits of the company and an increase in the rate of return The company's main products include special deep processing of lithium compounds, lithium metal and lithium alloys, new lithium electric materials, lithium
Batteries, etc., use new energy sources, new medicines, and new materials. In the new energy sector, corporate products are mainly used in the production of primary energy cells and secondary lithium batteries: in the new medicine sector, corporate products are used mainly for the production of adrenaline drugs (e.g. for cardiovascular diseases) and new antiviral drugs (e.g. for the treatment of AIDS with cocktails).
Key intermediates for new medicines; in the field of new materials, company products are mainly used in the production of lithium aluminium alloys for aerospace purposes, new synthetic rubbers, new engineering materials, ceramics and rare earth smelting, etc.
With the release of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, the ratio of deep-processed lithium salt will gradually increase, and companies will focus more on the new energy sector. 1.3. Build the whole-product ecological chain to form a pattern of “global mining, domestic processing manufacturing”
Through an up-and-down extension of the industrial chain, the company constructed a whole-product ecological chain of “halogen water/lithium ore/lithium-chloride/lithium carbonate lithium-hydroxide-lithium-metal lithium-butithium/cell-grade lithium-lithium-githium alloy-githium new materials-lithium batteries.” The company's main business has been developed from the original lithium processing industry to the upstream lithium mining and downstream lithium battery industry.
Further extension and expansion has led to a pattern of “global mining, domestic processing and manufacturing.” The whole-product ecological chain production begins with the extraction of halogenated water, lithium ore, and halogen water and mines invested by companies are resource projects that have an advantage and a larger scale, not only to ensure the supply of raw materials for downstream company products, but also to finance them.
The whole product's eco-chain layout can also enrich product varieties, raising the market share of high-value-added products such as butithium, metal lithium, battery-grade lithium carbonate, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, while substantially increasing corporate profitability.
Figure 6: Extensions of the industrial chain 1.4. Strong technological strength, enabling the lithium industry chain to fly
Through long-term autonomous R & D, the company has acquired a range of key production technologies and crafts in the lithium product series, developed more than a dozen new products and a number of proprietary production technologies, filling many of the domestic technology gaps and leading the national research and development in the lithium industry. In the battery-grade lithium industry, the company owns a unique domestic reality.
The empty cryogenic distillation pure process, which has built its own integrated lithium resource recovery production system, is the largest enterprise in the country that produces lithium metal using the integrated recycling of lithium compounds; in the area of butithium, it is the first enterprise in the country to specialize and model the supply of butithium: in the area of battery-grade lithium carbonate, the company is the first in the country to have direct access to halogenated water.
Enterprises that extract and industrialize battery-grade lithium carbonate; companies that are also the first in the country to acquire and industrialize technologies for the direct extraction of lithium chloride from halogen water; companies that have a number of technologies that are internationally advanced and have strong technical advantages; Battery-grade lithium carbonate production process maps
Upstream, up-and-down-stream, and expanding downstream companies focus on research and development, production and marketing of whole-chain products such as lithium products, new lithium electric materials, lithium power and storage batteries, lithium resource development, lithium battery recycling, etc. In line with the "Lithium industry chain up and down."
The development strategy for swimming integration, based on the consolidation of existing new materials and clients in the field of new medicines, extends the industrial chain to deep-processed lithium products up and down. Upstream, companies acquire shares in the Irish avalonia lithium quarries, the Argentine Mariana halogen and the Australian lithium lithite deposits, etc.
To secure the demand for raw materials for the deep processing of lithium products; to expand the capacity of companies to process lithium salt in order to lay the basis for growth in their performance; and to promote the downstream extension of the industrial chain and the optimal upgrading of the structure of the industrial chain in the new energy sector through the acquisition of 100 per cent of Shenzhen’s shareholdings in the city of Shenzhen, China’s crown car and so on, downstream.
By constantly developing new products, opening new markets, setting up upstream, doing high- and medium-size, expanding downstream, companies are working to create “global lithium industry integration up and down” leading international firms.
2.1. Upstream: Widening access to raw materials and avoiding bottlenecks in the supply of raw materials. To widen access to raw materials and reduce the impact on companies of price volatility of raw materials, companies are constantly moving upstream to lay lithium quarries and halowater mines and to widen access to raw materials.
The company now owns 43.1% of the stock of the rim company, 100% of the stock of the Jiangxi lithium industry, 18.06% of the stock of the international lithium industry, which holds 80% of the interest of the Argentine mariana halo-water mine, 17.5% of the stock of the lithium industry in the Americas, and 4.84% of the property of the pilbara industry.
By investing in lithium resources, the company will be able to secure a stable supply of high-quality lithium resources, supported by existing charter agreements.
The company’s cost advantages will improve the company’s competitiveness, improve its profitability and strengthen its industry’s leadership. 2.2, do a strong middle-class job: the ability to produce lithium continues to grow, laying the foundation for future performance growth.
The company ' s lithium product refers to lithium-series alloys and lithium-series compounds resulting from deep processing of basic lithium products, consisting mainly of lithium-based lithium metal, battery-grade lithium carbonate, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, catalyst-grade lithium chloride, organic lithium and lithium-based alloys, etc. The company currently owns 23 million tons of lithium carbonate production.
According to the company ' s current plan, the future increase in capacity in relation to the production capacity of lithium hydroxide is: (1) 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line,
Production is expected to take place after the spring of 2018, with a total production of three quarters. (2) A 17.5 million tons of lithium carbonate production line is under construction and is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2018, contributing to a quarterly production. By the end of 2018, the capacity of the lithium salt procession, including battery recovery, is expected to exceed 80,000 tons.
On 22 December 2017, the company proposed the establishment of Qing Hai Yi Feng (tentative name, eventually based on the business register) with a joint venture of $45 million in its own funds with Xinjiang Energy and Qinghai Potassium Fertilizer, with an initial investment of 7,000 tons of electricity.
As a professional lithium carbonate producer, it uses as a raw material the chlorinated lithium solution extracted mainly from the salt lake belonging to Qing Hai Jintai Potassium Fertiliser, which is responsible for the production of the joint venture.
The product can be designed for planning, product production, etc., and the lithium industry will be responsible for 100% of the sale. This participation will help raise the market share of the company’s products, enhance the company’s core competitiveness, and achieve the company’s development strategy.
The rapid development of the company’s main product, the deep-processed lithium products, has benefited mainly from the high demand in three major areas: new energy sources, new medicines, new materials. Especially in recent years, the rapid development of new energy vehicles and consumer electronics, represented by lithium batteries, is continuing rapidly, and the future development of the lithium industry is also taking place.
As a result, the company further extended its lithium industrial chain to the downstream area of deep-processed lithium products, new energy applications, and strengthened its technological capabilities in the new downstream energy sector, while creating complementary advantages and synergies with the company ' s original lithium business, which would contribute to a better upstream/downstream integrated industrial chain.
In July 2015, the company acquired 100% of Shenzhen's shares at $367 million. Shenzhen provides lithium ions of polymers for three major industries: smart tablet computers, smart phones, laptops.
Battery. The company began entering the 3c battery field. The same year, the company was founded to consume the electron lithium battery assembly business. In July 2016, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Dong Minbay (now East Chennai), used its own $228 million to invest in the construction of 240,000 (600,000) fully automatic polymers.
Lithium Battery Production Lines Project. In 2017, the company issued a convertable corporate bond to raise $920 million, of which $288 million was proposed for fund-raising and $212 million for self-financing, and $500 million was invested in the construction of a 600 million watt-hour-a-year lithium ion power cell project.
Solid-state batteries are considered to be the next generation of battery technology applied by electric vehicles because of their high energy density. In 2017, the Ministry of Technology, “all-solid lithium ion storage cells”, the head of the national “863” project, the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology, the nanositor and Chief of the Division, were introduced.
In December 2017, the Ministry announced the establishment of a fully funded subsidiary, Zhejiang Lithium, to invest up to 250 million yuan in the construction of an experimental production line for the first generation of solid lithium batteries that produce hundreds of millions of watt-hours. The company is currently developing a wide range of solid-state batteries.
Broad-scale testing and the establishment of a research and development centre and a pilot production line in Ningbo to speed up the commercialization of company solid-state lithium battery technology. The company’s solid-state lithium battery is still in the test phase, but has passed multiple tri-level safety tests. The company’s solid-state battery, considering the metal lithium as a negative material, is expected to have greater lithium metal.
With a new venture of 2.77 million shares (2.26 per cent of its total stock before this release), the Wall’s main business is the development, production, and sale of traditional, new-energy, military and electric cars. On March 6, 2018, the company’s Head of Industry Fund was announced to invest in the future with its own capital of RMB 100.0 million.
The capital fund has the right to choose the date of maturity of the debt to be repaid by the future car, or to convert the debt to 10% of the equity of the future car and further convert the equity of the parent company of the future car to the crown of the Great Wall.
Following the layout of the operations for the production of lithium metal, power cell production, and lithium recovery, the layout was extended to new energy vehicles. The gross domestic product of the lithium battery was 11.42 per cent in 2017, a decrease of 22.57 percentage points from the same period in the previous year.
The production phase of scale has not yet achieved significant operating income. It is expected that, with the increase in product size and capacity utilization, the gross domestic product of lithium batteries will recover and will be expected to contribute in the future. 2.4. Lithium battery recovery in layout, addressing the pains of recycling used batteries and forming a closed chain of industry
The company set up a fully-funded subsidiary in 2009 to regenerate lithium, and in 2016 it set up a high-end recycling technology, coded and redacted lithium battery recovery. A phosphate lithium battery recovery production line was completed in 2017, with a production capacity of approximately 304,000 tons of batteries, which is expected to equal 3,000 to 5,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent.
The company ' s lithium recycling techniques and battery and battery material recovery technologies can help clients reduce environmental costs, increase benefits, improve competitiveness, address the recovery pains of used batteries, increase customer loyalty and dependence on the company, and also expand access to the company ' s raw materials and reduce production costs.
Increased recycling of resources for sustainable development.3 Lithium supply and demand is expected to maintain a tight balance in 2018 3.1 Supply analysis: Lithium mines are about to enter their release period
According to the United States Geological Survey (usgs), the global lithium reserves in 2017 amounted to about 16 million tons (85 million tons lce), with most of the lithium mines located in Chile, China, Argentina, and Australia. Our lithium deposits are rich in resources and resource potential, amounting to 3.2 million tons (17 million tons lce), representing 20 per cent of the world ' s total reserves.
However, most of the lithium mines are located in the Qingen Plateau, where resource exploitation is limited by environmental and technical conditions, and mainly by the extraction of lithium from ores, which require significant imports of lithium ore. Globally, lithium resources are distributed mainly in South America and Australia, with 60% concentrated in South America, where lithium mines are dominated by salt lakes and need to be covered by drying.
Lithium in salt lakes is relatively time-consuming; Australia uses the method of refining it from ore, although Australia accounts for 43.49 per cent of the year. Therefore, the company pre-positions its lithium resources in Australia and South America, and supplies it with its lithium resources as its main raw material, which are well suited to the existing lithium supply pattern.
To benefit from the rapid growth of downstream demand, the global demand for lithium raw materials has surged, for which a number of lithium miners have announced tons of lce. Although the lithium mine is expanding, it should be difficult to meet the capacity of lithium salt producers due to long-term construction cycles and high uncertainty, and it is expected that future supply of lithium raw materials will be the main bottle limiting the release of capacity.
Based on data on the global supply of lithium raw materials, adjusted for the use of raw materials converted to lithium salt, the production of lithium salt can be obtained, and it is also expected that global supply of and demand for lithium salt will be balanced by 2020, due to restrictions on the supply of lithium raw materials. The supply of lithium salt will increase from 227,000 tons in 2017 to 423,000 tonnes lce in 2020, compounding.
Lithium salt supply Lithium salt industry has a high threshold, production techniques are stringent, raw materials are difficult to obtain, and production is required on a scale that reduces unit costs and allows existing producers in the market to expand their capacity in order to grow. Lithium salt is new.
The construction of production lines usually takes a year and a half, and it takes six months to become operational and to upgrade production capacity, which is equivalent to at least two years from the start of construction to the build-up of capacity-building, and because of the complexity of the construction of new production lines, if there are projects that are delayed, it may result in further constraints on global supply.
Industry concentration is relatively high, influenced by technology, resources, size, brands, and as of the end of 2017, the rockwood, fmc, sqm, the lithium industry and the company together accounted for 69 per cent of global production capacity. In 2017, the public sector accounted for 14 per cent of the capacity, with the largest expansion of companies in Asia, the top five companies in Asia, up to 2018.
The main competitor of domestic companies is Tianqi Litium, which currently produces 34,000 tons of lithium salt per year, and in 2018, the Tianqi Litium industry relies mainly on the technology of two production bases, Sichuan Shooting Hong and Jiangsu Chang Kagang, and the Chinese Ministry of Finance.
The production of nearly 40,000 tons of lithium chemical products is expected to be released, with production increasing by more than 20% on a year-to-year basis. Of this amount, battery-grade lithium carbonate products account for about 80%, and lithium hydroxide will be fully operational; additional quantities are metal lithium, with actual capacity rising from the previous 100 tons/year to 600 tons/year. By the end of 2019, lithium salt treatment in the Tinchi industry will have been able to combine.
It will reach 110,000 tonnes/year, of which close to 53,000 tonnes are battery-grade lithium hydroxide and 53,000 tonnes are battery-grade carbon Demand analysis: maximum increase in the contribution of new energy vehicles 3.2.1, high demand for new energy vehicles and sustained lifting of the demand for lithium salt
Thanks to the excellent performance of the United States, Europe and China markets, 1.2 million new energy vehicles were sold globally in 2017, and the total share of new energy vehicles sold in the global car market was more than 1% for the first time, marking a new stage in the development of new energy vehicles. Overall, the share of pure electric cars in the new energy vehicle market was 69%.
The gradual spread of new energy vehicles worldwide is on the rise, driven by a number of catalytic factors: (a) significant increase in battery performance and a significant reduction in cost by 2020, with the prospect of “oil parity” and a strong push for full capacity, based on the power cell technology routes that have been promulgated by countries.
The growth of new energy vehicles. (2) Traditional fuel-car companies re-engineer their strategic focus and deploy new energy vehicles. Since 2016, the world ' s traditional fuel-car giants have launched a new energy-car development plan, and it is expected that by 2025 the global market for new energy vehicles will be around 20%. (3) Many countries have put in place a moratorium on the production and sale of traditional energy sources.
There is no doubt that China is the world’s largest and fastest growing market for new energy vehicles, and it is the main driver of growth in the global market for new energy vehicles. In recent years, our market for new energy vehicles has grown rapidly.
According to Ministry of Public Security statistics, the country had a stock of 1.53 million new energy vehicles at the end of 2017, or 0.7 per cent of the total number of vehicles.
By 2020, the annual production of cars will reach 30 million, of which the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million. By 2025, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 35 million, of which the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 7 million. And the widespread application of lithium carbonate to the power cell industry is key to the production of positive material for power cells.
For raw materials, an electric vehicle requires approximately 30-55 kg of lithium carbonate, and, as the market for new energy cars expands, the use of lithium carbonate per vehicle with the build-up of the cruise mileage increases will increase significantly, and the demand for lithium carbonate in the battery class will increase significantly, ton, 2.44 times as much as in 2016.
Lithium ion batteries are commonly used in the market for lithium cobalt, lithium manganese, lithium phosphate, and trinity materials (ncm, nca). Depending on the policy of subsidies, and the increased demand of the consumer market for the range of further voyages, the trinity battery is generally well regarded in the market because of its significant advantage in energy density.
The effect of the constant rise in the prices of lithium acid and cobalt is that the triodes remain high, and the phosphate lithium prices are falling. The three-dollar power cell penetration rate has increased rapidly, making it the main direction for the future development of the power cell. Based on the positive material formula, which is the equivalent of the raw material used by the 1gwh cell, it can be seen that, with the penetration rate of the triode materials, the penetration rate has increased rapidly.
L, the growing demand for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, and the need for lithium hydroxide in ncm811 and nca as raw materials, the company’s new layout of 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line, is consistent with future trends in positive materials. As power cell loads increase, the electrolytic fluid will also drive a portion of the increase in lithium carbonate demand.
The demand for lithium is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future, as a result of the pull effect of the high demand for new energy vehicles and the increased demand for lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide due to the increased penetration of triple materials. According to cru data, the number of tons has not increased to 165,000 tons by 2020.
The traditional lithium salt industry uses glass and ceramics, lubricating resins, air treatment, casting slags, 142,000 tons in the year of concentration. The global demand for lithium batteries for the dominant 3c product has a certain relevance to its output.
Lithium batteries have the largest demand end, global cell traffic has increased steadily, large capacity has been created by the trend of big screens, and the demand for lithium batteries has contributed to a steady increase in the demand for lithium batteries. As mobile phones become more powerful, there is a certain amount of market space squeezed on tablet computers and pc, but global demand for lithium batteries has increased steadily.
The demand for lithium batteries in the market has continued to grow steadily. According to cru, the demand for lithium for the next 3c product has increased from 28 million tons in 2017 to 330,000 tons in 2020.
According to the cru, the demand for lithium in storage increased from 0.27 million tons in 2017 to 128,000 tons in 2020, with an average annual compound increase in the capacity of the storage to match the demand for lithium.
According to cru, the demand for lithium salt is expected to increase from 229,000 tons in 2017 to 408,000 tons in 2020, with 80 per cent of the increase being driven by power cells, with the growth of new energy vehicles contributing significantly to the incremental demand for lithium salt.
According to cru data, the demand for lithium in 2018 was around 296,000 tons, the supply of lithium was 303,000 tons left right, the global demand for lithium salt was over 7,000 tons in 2018, representing only 2.3 per cent of the total supply, and remained in a tight equilibrium, with a steady price of lithium salt expected in 2018.
Implementation of equity incentives, bottom-up solid development base Companies have a high level of confidence in medium- and long-term development, tying employee interests to corporate development, bottom-up solid development base 5, looking forward to a sustained growth of company performance in the future, with the first “recommended” rating for coverage: