China Dynamics (600482) reported in 2018 that the civil-military industry was steadily developing and that the future of the power poles was promising.
The company, which is the main naval power and transmission equipment in the country, has long maintained its military-based, civil-military integration, land-cum-sea development strategy, and continues to maintain its domestic naval gas turbines, steam turbines, special batteries, integrated power propulsion systems, military-powered diesel fuel.
During the reporting period, military revenue was 4,754 million yuan, compared to 16.03 per cent; non-ship business income was $17,657 million, equivalent to 59.53 per cent; and shipboard business was reduced by 4.02 per cent and 6.35 per cent respectively.
The equipment has grown considerably, but there is still a gap with the world’s first-class equipment, and the future demand for naval equipment is expected to be stable, with a higher degree of certainty about the growth of the industry chain.
Integrating development directions into the three pillars of non-ship operations, represented by chemical power, gas power, and marine nuclear power operations. Civil chemical power operations have continued to grow, generating an income increase of 40.57% over the previous year.
During the reporting period, the Mandarin Division realized a profit of $357 million from the main business, an increase of 47.61% over the same period, a full expansion of the marketing market, an increase of 47.75% in export earnings, and a successful start-up of the Australian and European market spots.
During the reporting period, companies acquired heavy wood workers and heavy teeth to speed up the integration of medium- and high-speed diesel engines and power systems. In the area of medium- and high-speed diesel engines, companies marketed heavy wood workers and firewood workers, and continued and intensified technological innovation. The heavy wood workers successfully entered the sand-absorbing pump market and broke the city.
In the field of power system integration, heavy-gas companies are ranked first in the target markets for ships, cement construction materials, metallurgical colours, nuclear-powered seawater cycling pumps, etc., and second in the industry for the exclusive use of domestic industry gear tanks, where products are widely used in the civil-military market, with greater influence in the domestic gear market.
Figure 1: Corporate annual reporting of operating income (million yuan) and rate of increase (%): Corporation annual returns to mother net (billion yuan) and rate of increase (%)
Figure 4: Māori annual reports by company Figure 5: Māori rates by product of company vic