High performance growth sustained with sustained attention to inter-business flows - Kang Yong became the reporter's forecast. First, the event: the company issued a performance forecast of 209h1, with net profit returns increasing by 28-43 per cent over the year.
II. EVALUATION: The trend of high growth in the net return of 2019q2, where business synergies are expected to continue, is expected to increase by about 37% in the year in which the net return of 2019q2 is expected to increase, and the rate in the year in which the net return of non-return is expected to increase in the year in the year in which the synergies between the company ' s operations are expected to continue, with high growth in both the biosciences and cmc.
1) q2 continues the fast-growing trend of 2019q1 and we expect a gradual acceleration to be expected, and based on the reported forecast, we find that the fast-growing trend in the first quarter of the second quarter has largely continued in the first quarter (33.2% net return profit and 32.25% net profit deduction for the second quarter, respectively), ending
However, as a financial initial accounting, there has been no change in the breakdown of specific operations for the time being, but we expect that the trend in corporate core business will remain unchanged and that there will be an expected upward trend in accelerated growth. (2) The firm’s fundamentals (especially the rate of increase in net profit from the parent) are gradually being judged to be accelerating by their incremental growth.
Operations benefit from synergy and from the judgement of scale and profitability. Cmc, the most resilient business in the public sector, we expect to continue to benefit from the synergy of laboratory chemistry, the continued release of capacity, a significant increase in the project, with revenues projected at about 40%. In addition, bioscience also benefits from the laboratory.
The 12-day call-off is 52 times greater than 2019, and the comparable company valuation shows that Kang Long has been converted into a sub-unit with a slightly higher valuation than his peers, taking into account the determination that it is in the business acceleration phase and that profitability is expected to increase continuously, and that we maintain the previous `prudentially recommended' rating.
Management risks associated with the accelerated layout of operations, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges arising from the layout of clinical operations. 1. Conlon to 300759: q1 meets expectations, start to 2. Conlon to 300759.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Pharmacology, University of Gangan, Master of International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019 as a member of the civil securities industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,