Conlon into 300759: rapid growth in performance, synergy gradually emerging Recommended (first) pharmaceutical organisms
This represents an increase of 34.38 per cent in the same year; it corresponds to an increase of eps0.25. Of this amount, operating income of $873 million was realized in the second quarter alone, representing an increase of 26.84 per cent in the same year; and a net return of $107 million was realized, representing an increase of 41.35 per cent in the same year, while the company ' s performance continued to grow at a rapid rate.
• The growth of core business is faster and synergies are gradually emerging. During the reporting period, the company's total equity/distributive share (millions) of laboratory services received $1.06 billion, an increase of 24.32 per cent over the previous period.
The starting point for the Division ' s business development, which is more mature and accounts for the share of the main business, will become an important new growth point in the Division ' s performance as the productive capacity of the company is released and market demand continues to grow, and the profitability will grow with the scale effect.
During the reporting period, the company achieved $190 million in revenues for clinical research services, an increase of 23.83 per cent over the previous period. The business is still in its early stages of development. In order to accelerate the strategic layout of clinical research in the country, the company completed its assessment of Cro's Nanjing Sew in May this year.
The company started the front-end drug discovery business, gradually expanded to the back-end clinical research business, and worked on a whole-sector chain of services for pharmaceutical research, as the company's operations were well structured.
The synergies between the company’s operations are becoming more apparent, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase. • Equity incentives are deeply tied to the core workforce. During the reporting period, the company issued equity incentives and plans to implement restrictive stock and stock options incentives, to be awarded high
There are 242 employees, including senior managers, middle managers, and technical cadres, with a total equity of 5.65 million, or 0.86% of the total equity of the company.
In addition, the Corporate Shareholders Assembly considers the Bill on Corporate Distribution of ii Stock and its Listing on the Hong Kong United Exchange, which is expected to further strengthen the company once it is listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.