Conlon became a 300759 pharmaceutical creature, and the core business kept growing fast, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre kept up with expectations.
Summary of performance: corporate business income of $1.64 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 28.8 per cent in the same year; real net profit of $160 million for the mother, an increase of 38.5 per cent in the same year; net profit of $160 million for the recovery of non-concentrated profits, which was reported to be consistent with market expectations and maintained rapid growth in core business. 1) Quarterly: 2019q1/q2
The rate of increase in income was 31.1 per cent/26.8 per cent for the same year and 33.2 per cent for the same year, while the rate of increase in the same year was 33.2 per cent.4 per cent for the same year.
Cmc achieved revenues of 380 million yuan, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period; clinical research services achieved revenues of 190 million yuan, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the same period, while core operations maintained rapid growth, as a result of the cost of issuance on the market; the financial cost was 2.4 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pp over the same period, mainly due to lower exchange rate gains.
• There has been a significant increase in R & D inputs and the creation of an integrated service platform. 1) Increased R & D inputs: 2019h1 research, mid-level management teams of multiple technologists and high-end scientists: 2) synergy of integration platforms
Visible: company expansion from laboratory chemistry to comprehensive drug discovery and drug development, in-depth integration of cro+cmo full-process integration services, 76 per cent of the synergies (laboratory chemistry and biological sciences) in in vitro and in vitro biological sciences during the drug discovery phase of the reporting period: 3) accelerated clinical cro operational layout: reporting period
The company acquired the Nanjing Swiss Biosco and made a strategic entry into the United States in Beijing, issuing employee equity incentive programs in clinical coro and third party smo to enhance corporate cohesion and stability. The company issued a restrictive equity and stock options incentive program for 2019, which is intended to award a total of 5,650,000 benefits to 242 target audiences at the grass-roots level.
Unlocking conditions are based on the Business Income Unit in 2018, which helps to realize employee benefits and enhance corporate cohesion and stability.
Recovering to industry level and issuing new sub-stocks for the beginning of the year, taking into account the average pe and valuation swaps of 2019 for comparable companies, a 20 per cent valuation premium is given to Kang Long, i.e. 66 times pe in 2019, and a company-owned company-owned: cro+cmo full process integration service
Conlon became a Chinese-based, service-wide, process-wide, cro+cmo company that provides comprehensive pre-clinical drug research and development services to the global pharmaceutical department and biopharmaceutical research and development institutions. The company is now building a comprehensive drug research and development platform that cuts across synthetic and pharmaceutical chemistry, biology, drug metabolism and drug substitution dynamics, pharmacology, drug safety evaluation,
Radiolabelling metabolism, process development, gmp production and formulation development services, etc., provide first-class services in various areas, including the detection of stimulant compounds, targeting, the optimization of precursor compounds, pre-clinical candidate drug screening, clinical development and listing of new drugs. The top 20 multinational drug companies worldwide are all company clients, most of them long-term companies.
In 2015-2018, the company’s operating income rose from $1.13 billion to $2.91 billion, with a compound rate of 37.1% and a compound rate of 1.64 billion in 2019h1.
In 2015-2018, the net profit on corporate repatriation increased from $7.385 million to $340 million, with a compound increase of the company’s business structure: the company’s business developed in the drug discovery phase, gradually extending to the drug development phase as the business grew in size and the client’s demand for new drug research and development services evolved.
The company’s main operating income is from foreign clients, whose income has been maintained at more than 89% for the past two years, and which has gradually increased in the country’s share of over 10%.
Operations 2: Downstream operations of the strategic layout, with a large return of profit potential The expansion of companies from laboratory chemistry to the area of integrated drug discovery and development, deep integration of the cro+cmo whole process Integrated services, and continuous deployment of downstream business facilitation links.
Fixed costs are high and have not yet reached the profit-and-loss balance point; cmc’s operational capacity is gradually optimized at the initial stage of use efficiency, with lower interest rates in the prior period. Since downstream operations are still in a layout process, initial inputs are large and the volume of business is not yet large, the profitability of Māori rates, net interest rates, etc. is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, and there is much room for recovery in the future.
According to the Central Report, the Māori rate of 209h1 was 32.1%, an increase of 2 pp from the same year. The Māori rate, which increased by 5.2 pp from the same year to the high Māori laboratory service, benefited mainly from a step-by-step release of cmc production capacity.
Taking into account the comparative company average pe and valuation swap in 2019, Kon Long is given a 20 per cent valuation premium, i.e., no compensation of any kind, either direct or indirect, for no previous reason or for no specific recommendation or opinion in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.