Synergy contributes elasticity, Yellow Schwig, a steady increase in harvests, and a steady increase in the Maori rate.
Significant improvement in business performance; net return of $161 million, an increase of 38.5 per cent over the same period; net return of $156 million after deduction of basic data (2018q4), an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period; cash flows resulting from the realization of business activities
The net amount of $252 million represents an increase of 59.65 per cent over the same period last year, with the combined cost rates of 1.76 per cent for sales and 1.8 per cent for management of companies, respectively, mainly due to the expansion of the company's operations and management resulting from the listing of a share issue.
Cost increases. In terms of R & D costs, companies are working to improve their R & D capabilities and professional skills, major shareholders (2018q4) are continuously increasing their R & D inputs, compared with 27 million yuan in R & D in the first half of 2019.
Improved synergies in industry chain layout, elasticity of performance of cmc and clinical operations As companies move towards integrated R & D platform building and business-to-business synergy Income structure (2019h1)
Visible. In the first half of 2019, 76% of the revenues from in vitro and in vitro biosciences during the drug discovery phase came from synergies (laboratory chemistry and biological sciences), which will be accompanied by increased operational capacity in various disciplines in the future, and more visible flow effects between operations, which will guarantee the growth of the company ' s performance.
In the cmc business, the company achieved revenue of $377 million, or 48.0 per cent, mainly as a result of laboratory uniforms.
With Tianjin II ' s start-up and production capacity gradually optimized, the company ' s comc-making rate reached 20.71%, an increase of 5.19 pct and a steady increase in profitability compared to the previous year.
In clinical business, the company has achieved $190 million, an increase of 23.8 per cent, and a decrease of 3.09 pct. In this section, the company completed its acquisition of Nanjing Se-Wing and Wanda in the first half of the year, further refining its clinical research in the country.
Because of the difficulty of copying clinical operations, the future is expected to lead to rapid growth in performance as clinical operations are integrated. The service team continues to expand, and talent incentives continue to improve.
At the heart of the company’s cro industry is talent, which is designed to meet the growing demand for customers and the volume of orders. In the first half of 2019, the company continuously expanded its scientific workforce to improve the professional qualities of its personnel. The annual incentive scheme for restricted stocks and stock options covers 242 core cadres.
Conditions are based on operating income in 2018, with revenue growth rates of the following three years, respectively, risk of changes in industrial regulatory policies; increased risk of competition in pharmaceutical R & D services; risk of loss of technical talent: risk of intellectual property protection
Computes that the dynamic pe is 58.7 and 43.3 times, respectively. We believe that the company, as one of the leading companies in the croc chain, is growing rapidly in terms of the number of new customers and the volume of orders, so that, along with the gradual landing and optimization of new production capacity, the company ' s Māori rate and revenue will continue to rise to ensure performance.
In addition, continued developments in the clinical field are expected to increase corporate performance in the future, with clear growth. We look forward to the company’s future development, with a “carefully increased” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.