Conlon became the leading crmo full-flow service provider in the country.
Cardiopharmaceuticals find a third share of the global market and are more competitive. Companies are committed to building a "full-process" and internationalized service platform, with operations originating in laboratories, gradually extending to the lower middle through endogenous and expansive means, and basically forming a service level for the full process integration of cro+cmo.
Its clients include global pharmaceutical companies, biotech research and development companies and research institutes, with a gradual increase in the share of domestic clients; corporate teams of technocrats and core management teams are highly superior. Performance overall is growing faster, core drug discovery performance remains robust, and new development business is developing rapidly.
The lead crmo process service provider in the country, with the third largest market share in drug discovery worldwide. Founded in 2004 as a laboratory chemical business, the company focuses on small molecular drug research and development services and, after more than a decade of rapid development, is now largely developing as a cro+cmo process.
The global market share for the development of drugs in its core business was 1.6% in 2016, followed by the share of the domestic market, and followed only by the development of a “internationalization” company.
18 of the world’s top 20 multinational drug companies are corporate clients, and most of them have become long-term partners. Overall performance has remained relatively high, core business has grown steadily, and new development operations have grown rapidly.
Performance elasticity. Corporate revenues increased from 790 million in 2014 to 2,908 million in 2018, with compound increases, and it is expected that bioscience operations will take over more projects and that, as capacity expands, the biosciences industry as a whole will remain fast-growing, profitable and expected to contribute more elastic performance.
The gradual upgrading, benefiting from the customer resources accumulated by the company during the drug discovery phase, provides a good basis for subsequent growth, as well as the increase in the utilization of the drug development capacity of the plate.
Pharmaceutical biology The industry has gone down; new expansion has not grown as fast as expected; and trade friction uncertainty in Central America.
Deng Chow-woo.