The long-term growth of the company is not altered by the declining financial needs of shareholders.
On July 5th, the company issued a pre-disclosed announcement of the shareholders' reduction of stockholdings, and the company's shareholder's limited investment in innovation in Hyeju City plans to cut up to 2% of the company's current total stock stock.
We maintain the company’s long-term competitiveness. We maintain the company’s profitability projections, with the expectation that the period 2023-2025 will be a period of relative separation of ownership, business rights and plans, or will be conducive to the long-term stable development of the company.
The Guangdong Desai Group Ltd. is controlled by the company’s core management, and the shareholding ratio continues to rise, with the result that Guangdong Desai Group Ltd. is expected to become the company’s first shareholder, thereby contributing to long-term stability. This reduction will take the form of a large deal, which will not affect the secondary market in the short term, while a large trading party will be able to do so.
In January-April 2023, Chinese class 1-2 passenger vehicle penetration rate was calculated to be the highest in the world.
41.7%; in the second half of 2023, industrial city assistive driving products, such as pelicans, ideal, are about to be rolled out on a large scale and are widely used by consumers, and autopilots will be truly off-site, relying on software for profit, and are expected to boost a new round of smart driving hardware penetration and sinking.
The company's smart driving solution covers entry-level to high-value, full-scale applications, with ipu04 products widely available on the flag ship, and ipu02 introducing more new programs suitable for low-to-medium-priced cars in the country; adas cameras achieve mass production, 4d mm.
Boreda has also completed the technical layout of the industry, high-level autopilot landing.
"Atttached flight of the smart cockpit, a leader, a small and medium-sized update of information."
The show went well - Small and Medium Disk Update