A rapid growth of revenue, internationalization opening up new space - semi-annual report for 2023.
(a) Circulation shares (millions): in a context of declining consumer demand and increased competition from the industry up and down, corporate business continued to grow at a faster rate than the total equity share of the steam (millions):
The same growth rate of 56.20%. As firms continue to increase their competitiveness, product structure and ladders are being refined, internationalized strategies are being pursued, new products and technology are being developed, stock of orders have been raised rapidly in recent years, and access to future orders has been significantly expanded, laying a good foundation for sustained business growth.
The company is gradually becoming more productive for subsequent business growth, the Henan Industrial Park Phase 2 project plant is about to come into operation, and the Midwest Base project has been launched.
In the first half of the year, the company's third generation smart space controllers have been matched to many customers, such as ideal cars, Chirres, and the fourth generation smart space controllers have been given multiple project orders, with more differentiation.
Arithmetic intelligent domain controllers are already in the car type of many customers, such as ideal cars, Lutes, upper steam, accommodative production, a rapid increase in the size of the harvest, and a lot more lightweight, high-priced than smart driving support programs, and are on the verge of yield production; blue whale systems, digital keys and software service products continue to be available.
It's been overtaken by events, and it's got more project orders; it's got project fixes, and it's been released.
This is the latest product technology in companies like icpaurora+ibcm, all-round drive for internationalization. The share of revenue abroad continues to rise.
The company reports a three-quarter review of the rapid growth of its performance and the rapid growth of its products.
The internationalization strategy has been maintained, and the internationalization strategy has been put on the ground in all its aspects, accelerating the construction and expansion of overseas R & D manufacturing bases, and investing more resources in international business. Companies continue to promote research and development and manufacturing abroad.
Capacity-building, capacity-building for the European company's second plant, construction of 3d laboratories, further strengthening of research and development and service packages, newly acquired antenna testing and certification company atc have been integrated into the army.
The company is one of the leading international mobile technology companies, committed to becoming a leader in change in the future, and in the context of major changes in the automobile industry, there is much room for sustained growth. Forecasting the company’s 2023–Macroeconomic environment and industry risks: market competitive risks: human resource risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.