iii. Desailawe (00292.sz)
Income growth is as expected, smart business is growing rapidly, with higher growth in the first half of the year 2023, and the profit end is under pressure from the exchange rate.
\triangleright Market data: Rapid release on 18 August 2023, which accounts for an increasing share of revenue, has become the second engine of growth in corporate performance;
Market value of the share in circulationa (billion): The combined services increased considerably over the same period due to the lower base for the same period last year. 2023H1 and 17.01% of the smart driving business, respectively, recorded exchange rate fluctuations and chip fluctuations in the first half of the year.
The loss of hundreds of millions of dollars in impairment of assets (mainly stock falls) and $64 million in credit impairment (primarily if the accounts receivable are misdirected) has also had an impact on profit ends. As the exchange rate stabilizes, and downstream customers release, the company’s profitability may rise.
The cost rate continues to optimize during the company period, and the impact on scale is evident. The decline in the Māori rate and net profits of 2023H1 partly offsets the impact on the profit end of the decline in the Māori rate of the product, and the effect on the size of the company is significant.
Growth. The company's third-generation smart space controller has been matched to a number of client models, such as ideal, Chiré, and the fourth-generation smart space controller has obtained multiple project orders, while introducing more differences.
The CBM program and new products such as auto domain controllers, arhud, electronic rear-view mirrors; high-calculus smart-driving domain controllers are already in stock in many customer models, such as ideal cars, Lutes, and upper steam. The company has sufficient stocks of hand orders, and as the product structure and ladders are refined, more new products are available.
With the emergence, increasing competitiveness and internationalization strategy, the space available for future orders has been expanded significantly. The second phase of Henan Industrial Park is about to be launched, and the Midwest Base project has been launched, which will provide a productive complement to subsequent business growth.
Upgraded, the production capacity of the second plant of European companies is gradually increasing, and the newly acquired antenna testing and certification company atc has been integrated into the business system, which will help to obtain more international orders and enhance future competitiveness. Companies are the leaders of smart cabins and smart-driving domain control industries, and new networks are growing faster.
\triangleright has an adequate number of orders in hand. As the company's internationalization strategy continues to improve, it is expected that it will benefit in the long term from inadequate core chip supplies; less than expected market sales in the automobile market; and less access to new customer orders.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.