The decline in the growth rate of intellectually motivated business has led to a loss of profit — the semi-annual review of the De Cesswell (002920.sz) — the company published its semi-annual report in 2023, and 2023h1 achieved an operating income of $8,724 million, a year-on-year increase.
Cao Xuant's collection meets expectations, and the Māori rate is down the same scale.
The company continues to be a leader in intelligent driving, smart cabins, and orders for high-calculus intelligent domain controllers, large screen cabin products and high-performance intelligent airspace controllers have risen rapidly. 2023h1 has a 20.65% Māori rate, a decline of 3.33 ptc over the same period.
The product is well-structured, the production capacity is well uphill. The company’s third-generation smart space controller has been matched with production on the ideal, Chiré, etc., and the fourth-generation smart space controller has obtained multiple project orders; and the different cabin spaces have been modified.
The control program and new products such as auto domain controllers, arhud, electronic rear-view mirrors are being introduced: high-calculus capable of driving domain controllers ipu04 have been matched to production in ideal, Lutus, upper-air vehicles, lightweight, high-value than smart-driving domain controller ipu02 has acquired multiple project fixes and is about to achieve mass production; blue whale systems, etc.
Digital keys and software service products continue to overlap and obtain more project orders; the cockpit integration domain controller has been fielded and a smart travel solution has been released. With regard to the capacity package, the company Henan Industrial Park Phase II plant is about to come into operation, the Midwest base project has been launched, and the second European factory is now in production.
The company’s leading role in automobile intelligence is strong, business continues to grow, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Car intelligence penetration is not as high as expected, company customers are not selling as much as expected, and high-level auto-pilots are off-site.
The Dexie Vitt Review: Collections meet expectations, changing patterns of competition in the industry and shortage of chips.
3 De Cécile Review: Keeps up the upswing and looks at the high-level intellectual driving product exposure 2022-10-27, my own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.