Desai Siwei, with a fast-growing harvest, a steady spread of intellectual and network operations, a clear competitive advantage, and an active effort to optimize organizational change, sustained expansion of productive capacity, and advancement in overseas markets.
The rate of Māori fell slightly as a result of a rapid increase in the h1 crop. 23h1 achieved operating income of $8.72 billion, mainly due to increased interest expenditure on borrowings; R&D costs increased by 36.7 per cent over the year, mainly due to the company’s continued product expansion matrix, which led to an increase in the number of projects under study; and four cost rates decreased by 0.3 pct over the same year.
Growth, a small decline in the Māori rate, and a drop in the cost rate, with a 16.5 per cent increase in the same year of the semi-annual net return profit, with q2 companies earning $4.74 billion, a 45.2 per cent increase in the same year, Māori falling by 3.7 pct in the same year, and net return increasing by 36.1 per cent in the same year in the three major sectors of the company ' s smart cabin, smart driving, network service.
The smart network product continues to lead the domestic market, and the scale of operations has steadily increased. For the cabin, the third generation is already in production in many vehicles, including ideal, Chirre, and the fourth generation has acquired more than one.
Project orders, new products such as auto domain controllers, arhud, electronic rearview mirrors, etc.; total market value (RM$ million) for driving, high-calculus intelligent domain controllers already have many customers, such as ideal, Lutus, upper steam, etc.
Three months of average daily turnover (millions of RMB) of vehicle stock, multiple lightweight, high-priced intellectual driving programmes, and cockpit-integrated domain control products have been identified.
Guangdong Desai Group Limited optimizes organizational change and continuously expands productive capacity development. The company has launched a corporate change plan to build integrated, digital supply chain management systems and improve management effectiveness during the reporting period.
The company’s internationalization strategy has accelerated, and the European company’s second plant’s production capacity has gradually increased, with 3d in real terms.
The laboratory was built in an orderly manner, the newly acquired antenna test and certification company atc was integrated into the company’s operating system, and the R & D and service packages were further strengthened. Given the increased competition in downstream markets and the exchange rate impact, we slightly revised our profit forecasts, and the company is expected to earn more.
1) Motor sales fall short of expectations; 2) increased competition in the market; 3) increased pressure on raw materials.
Desecway: A little more than expected, a higher order for product upgrades.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business Computer: software development