Smart cabin + smart driving product drives steady growth, and Dexahewy (00292.sz) takes a car smart.
In the first half of the year, the company’s three main lines of business, the smart cabin/intellectual driving/networking service, and others, became the second engine of growth.
In terms of the growth of smart driving as the company's second engine of growth, 1) in terms of new customer outreach, the company's high-calculable smart driving domain controllers have achieved acillary production in the car type of many customers, such as the ideal car, the Lutes, and the upper steam, driving the rapid growth of smart driving, and accompanying the company's growth.
(b) The initial scale effect of the new product package is weak and the company chooses to sacrifice some of its profits in the face of intense market competition.
In exchange for market share, the Māori rate is short-lived and it is expected that the follow-up Māori rate will follow with downstream customers 3) The company is the first and only Tier1 partner in the mainland China region, whether Pium p7 is based on a Xavier chip, or the ideal 1.9 is based on an orinx chip.
The driving platform, the integration program, is from the company. The firm's pre-eminence in the field of autopilot, backed by the absolute vanity of the British Weida chip, has a strong pre-eminence, and the high-level auxiliary and auto-driving fields will have thin hair.
(ii) Sales and management cost rates continue to be optimized, with some of the impact on the downside of the hit Maori rate. Part of the impact of corporate capacity in the first half of the year, enabling companies to operate robustly. (iii) Research and development costs have risen steadily, with integrated car electronics and advanced AAV products leading.
In the first half of the year, R & D costs 887 million yuan, +36.69% of the year, R & D costs are well on the ground, the fourth generation of smart space controllers and cockpit domain controllers have been awarded project orders, the blue whale system, digital keys and software service products continue to overlap and obtain more project orders.
There are also smart travel solutions for Smart 2.0 released in the first half of the year, with smart cars on board the central computer platform icpaurora+ibcm, holotechnics, landscape smart blue whale ecosystems, curved hyperscreens, ar-hud technology solutions, smart electronic rearview mirrors, etc. The company will continue to rely on the latest product technology of the company.
Technology-led new products are expanding markets, and technological R & D inputs are expected to maximize their anti-breeding role and enhance the potential for future growth in the company’s performance. The risks are; and the risks of inadequate supply of raw materials due to geopolitics.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.