Dessehway (00292.sz): 23q2 battalion higher than the same year, with a one-season profit rate influenced by the exchange rate under pressure from Dessahway (0029220.sz)
Events: The company released its 2023-half-cent annual report, and in the first half of 2023, the company realized $8.72 billion in revenue, and the land Kamin harvest met expectations and the impairment cost net profits.
A 45.2 per cent increase in the same year and a 19.0 per cent increase in the ring, mainly as a result of a gradual increase in product end demand in smart cabins and smart drivers; a net return profit of $280 million, an increase of 36.2 per cent, a decline of 16.3 per cent in the ring; and a decline of 3.7 pct, a decline of 0.8 pct, in the Maori rate of 20.3 per cent in the same year;
In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori rate was pressured by the exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, the cost of overseas purchases such as chips, etc. In the long run, as the company developed a national chip supplier, the scale effect became apparent, the exchange rate stabilized, and profit margins were expected to recover.
In terms of cost rates, the company sells 23q2 / overall, the cost rate has been reduced by the same year and the ring has been largely equal. The product structure and ladders have been further refined, and the smart cabins and intelligent driving fields are well in the forefront of the industry.
The company ' s 23H1 smart cabin earns $6.25 billion, compared to +18.6 per cent, Māori rate 19.6 per cent, and the Division ' s third generation smart space controller has already produced the desired/new Chirí model, while the fourth generation has obtained multiple project orders; and the high-calculable smart-driving domain controller has the desired/Lutes/upgraded
In January 2023, the company succeeded in incubating the mass-producing car domain controllers, displaying smart cabin products like cms and ar-hud in Shanghai, product structure, building up a production-capacitation follow-up operation, and globalization strategy is expected to move out of volume.
\triangleright Industrial Park Phase II plant is about to come into operation, and the Midwest Base project has been launched: continuous development of overseas R & D, upgrading of manufacturing capacity, accelerated construction and expansion of overseas R & D manufacturing bases, full capital.
The business cooperation agreement was signed between Styxieve Germany and Bmw, a German client, and the product of Sindam Securities Inc. is expected to accelerate global progress.
The company is the leader of the smart cabin and smart-driving domain control industry.
The business map continues to expand and is expected to benefit in the long term from increased intellectual recognition and penetration, coupled with the long-term logic of increased vehicle value and the scale advantages of high-quality client exposure, with the hope that overseas markets will be able to tap into higher-base growth dynamics. We maintain the previous harvest.
Risk factors: price fluctuations of raw materials, unanticipated sales of supporting vehicles, annual downward pressure, exchange rate fluctuations, less advanced overseas operations, etc.
Figure 3: Quarterly Corporate Income / Year-on-Year Growth Figure 4: Quarterly Mother & Year-on-Year Net Profits / Year-on-Year Growth Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rate & Net Interest Rate for Companies
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of the company The first in the 2018 Gold Bull Award, the second in the new wealth in 2020, and the fourth in the team. Four years of research in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The car industry chain is fully covered, with emphasis on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience in automobile companies + two years ' experience in automobile research. Covers the whole car, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electric intelligence, Cao Zing, Sindha Automobile Research Assistant, Beijing University of Technology Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Smart Motors Networking, Ding Ji, University of Melbourne Master of Finance, and covers smart coaches, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.