In 23 years, the company achieved 9.34 billion yuan (Yoy+12.8 per cent) in 23 years and 59 million (Yoy-90.7 per cent) in 23 years.
Mäori huhui2@guosen.com.cn 22.2% (oy-7.2 pct); of which ed Mäori rate - 1.01% (oy-13.99 pct), led
The company slamming core lost $216 million. Entering 1q24, the company's output volume continued to increase its income, and the combined circuits grew by 14.88 per cent in 23 years and the product abundance increased. 23 years of corporate integrated circuits, the dominant product, ipm module, received $1,983 million (Yoy+37 per cent), and the white power sector produced more than 100 million.
One, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; mems, affected by falling product prices and weak demand, collected $286 million in bulk supplies to mobile phone manufacturers; in addition, 32 mcu from the company, in conjunction with industry and white power customers, accelerated their load. 23 years of splitware collection increased by 8.18 per cent on the same year, and automobile products moved fast. 23 years of splitware collection.
With crop yields affecting Māori rates falling, product structure continued to optimize: 1.4 billion yuan, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, more than 140 per cent more than the same, and the company ' s igbt master drive module had been compared to Yadi, Gilly, Snack, Wide Steam, Exchange.
The carbonated silicon module has been delivered in bulk, with an investment layout of 8 inches of silicone line. The company has 9,000 silicon per inch of capacity, and five or so car companies have adopted silicone silicon pre-positioned modules for silicon silicon silicon.
On this basis, the company and the Xiamen People’s Government and the Xiamen People’s Civil Administration signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement for the Production Lines for the Production of 8 Inches of Power Devices (Sic) Chips, which will be in excess of 8,000 in May, 20,000 in June and 1 billion yuan in carbonated silicon revenues in 24 years.
It is proposed to invest 7 billion yuan in one instalment and 5 billion yuan in two instalments to build 720,000 silicon-carbonated lines per year.
The company ' s net profit for 23 years was lower than we had previously expected in light of the drag of Leed ' s business and the fall in product prices; the company ' s Māori ratio was reduced by 23 years and 1q24, taking into account the impact of the change in fair value of the company.
Slanwa (600460.0.sh) - second quarter growth of about 10% and ring growth of 60040.0.sh - 3.25% increase of the quarterly increase of 3.25%, and March uni-month growth of 15% and 12 inches of chip production in 22 years.
Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Company net profit deductions and acceleration in the last five years (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Māori and net interest rates of companies over the last five years (in %, %) Figure 5: Cost of companies over the last five years (%) Figure 6: R&D inputs and percentage of revenues of companies over the last five years (billion yuan, %)
Coverage of applications across sectors is therefore more synchronized with the overall cycle of semiconductors. After entering 22 years, the global semiconductor is entering a period of adjustment, with weak market demand, such as consumer electronics, and a continuous reduction in the roll-out of the global corporate headlines, Ansame, British Flyers and Vegetables, with successive performance adjustment periods.
The decline in product prices has resulted in lower Māori rates and lower net interest rates for industry companies. The price of power devices has fallen, with the company ' s Māori rate of 22.2 per cent (yoy-7.2 pct) falling in 23 years as a result of increased demand decline in industry competition.
Currently, the company's business consists mainly of separate devices, integrated circuits, luminous diodes (led) and other operations, taking into account 24 years of demand exposure and adjusting the company's business income and product Māori ratio: Discrete devices: mainly power-related devices in this field, company excess mosfet, igbt, frd, sgt
The synergized products of mosfet, sicomsfet, etc., accelerate their progress with customers and continue to break through large-scale white power, industrial controls, electric cars and new energy market products and customers. Twenty-three years of price adjustment of power devices affect the Māori rate of the company’s products, which is gradually returning to warming with downstream demand for consumption, industry, etc., after the second half of 24 years.
Integrated circuits: the business consists mainly of products such as ipm modules, mems sensors, dc-dc circuits, led and low-voltage power-driven circuits, 32-bit mcu circuits, fast-loaded circuits, taking into account the continued increase in the white market ratio of the dominant product ipm, with a steady increase in revenue; mems sensor revenues are expected to be enriched with consumer electronic demand and product categories
4371 million yuan. Episodes: the business consists of the Slander, the Led chip of the Slander and the Led screen pixel tube of the Mercala Light Power, 742 million yuan (yoy+1.28 per cent) in 23 years, and the price of the led chip has fallen by 10-15 per cent over 22 years.
At present, capacity is full and sales are increasing by 15%. In the future, by expanding plant lighting, infrared light coupling, security protection, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.