Tri-quarter review 2022: High growth in net profit deductions, October 28, 2022
# Import replacement icp equipment continues to be rapidly released, q3 has high-speed robust growth at the end of q3 and 2022q1-q3 has achieved revenues of $3.043 billion, i.e. +46.81 per cent, in line with market expectations.
By product, the rapid release of icp etching equipment has become an important driver of income-end growth. 1) Erosion equipment: 2022q1-q3 achieves income of 2001 million yuan, corresponding to +48.00 per cent, of which ccp collects revenue of 702 million yuan, corresponding to +41.96 per cent; mocvd
To achieve $147 million, +73.89% of the year, mocvd is fast-disbursing. Looking ahead, as of delivery, we judge that the company’s income is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2022q4 and 2023.
2022q3 realizes a net return of 325 million yuan, or +123.91 per cent of the year; achieves a deduction that benefits from product structural optimization, scale downscale, etc. Sub-operational, 2022q1-q3 etching equipment Report performance rating: icp etching equipment fast
Net gains from changes in corporate fair value amounted to $106 million, mainly in the holding of advanced stock prices.
On October 7, the United States issued a general restriction on the sale of semiconductor and chip manufacturing equipment to China and imposed certain restrictions on American technicians, triggering a market burden on the company's core technicians.
We believe that, as the United States continues to press on China’s semiconductor industry, it will accelerate the self-control of the semi-conductor industry, especially with regard to the import substitution of the equipment chain. As companies consolidate the competitive advantages of existing products, they actively promote new production research and development and open up market space.
To define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines and continuously increase the rate of urban occupancy. 2 icp devices: primonovaicp etching products have been validated on more than 100 icp etching processes in more than 15 customer production lines, covering 3dnand, dram and logical chips.
3 mocvd equipment: active layout, third generation semiconductor equipment, mocvd equipment for the development of gan power plant volume applications, delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production certification. 4 film deposition equipment: metal tungsten cvd
The company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and a smaller critical mass, and the extension equipment (epi) is well under way and is now in the frame of prototype construction and calibration. In terms of capacity, in 2021, the company launched Nanchang, the Hong Kong industry base, the Hong Kong R & D & D & D .
Construction projects such as headquarters, with accelerated release of capacity, lay the foundation for high growth in the medium and long term of the company. Thirty-four times. “buy-in” ratings are maintained based on the high growth of the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board