Newly signed bills have continued to grow, mocvd equipment is entering the harvest period, Medium and Micro (688012.sh) is reporting three-quarterly performance: $3.043 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
Farnym@cfsc.com.cn further enhanced profitability, with the newly signed bill continuing to increase revenue earned by the company in the first three quarters of the year reaching $3.04 billion, or +46.8 per cent;
Net profit for the mother is $793 million, or 46.34 per cent more than in the year; net profit for the realization of non-mortality is $644 million, or 290.4 per cent less in the same year; non-recurring gains and losses are also less than in the same year +2.83 pc, increased profitability of products; sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates
Three-quarterly new orders of $5.64 billion, an increase of 60.2 per cent over the same period, represent a significant increase over the reported liabilities of $1.97 billion, an increase of +120 per cent over the same period, and a rise in the number of new orders to lay the basis for subsequent growth (688012): the rapid release of icp corrosion equipment.
Multi-line R & D continues to drive the development of the layout industry.
In the first three quarters, the company earned $2.00 billion of corrosion equipment, i.e. +48 per cent; of this, ccp (688012): semi-annual performance forecasting points, 1.45 billion yuan of corrosion equipment, i.e. +29.3 per cent, i.e., icp corrosion equipment.
The company successfully delivered the 2000th ccp response station on August 22. The rate of Māori in the first three quarters of corrosion was 46.48%, with the ring ratio.
Beneficiary report 2022-07-05, further +0.38 pct. q3 etching equipment earns $702 million, compared to the same ratio,3 China Securities* Report*
(688012) Depth report: etching base, +42.0 per cent, calculated to include ccp equipment +63.6 per cent, icp equipment + platform-based integrated semiconductor equipment taps
7.9. In the first three quarters, the company Mocvd earned $388 million in equipment, as a result of an increase in the ratio of income from high-morigin products. On October 25, the company successfully paid for the global shipment of 500 mocvd devices, which was launched in June 2021.
Unimax series, Prismounimax signed new orders in the second half of 2021, with cumulative orders in excess of 180 by the first half of 2022; q3m0cvd set a revenue reserve of $147 million, an increase of 74 per cent over the same period, with mocvd orders expected to enter gradually
During the harvest period, follow-on mocvd equipment is expected to continue to perform 52, 40 and 33 times, respectively, taking into account the company's continued progress towards more advanced process R & D, taking into account that the company has been able to carve equipment for the domestic semiconductor; the mocvd equipment has entered the harvest.
Phases; autonomous development of epi extension equipment and lpcvd equipment; stacking of companies working on platform-based layouts to continuously expand capacity; maintenance of “buy-in” investment ratings. Semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected; downstream crystal round manufacturing capacity is not expanding as expected
Risk: spare parts shortage risk: new equipment is not developing as fast as expected, etc. The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, seven years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is now mainly responsible for the company listed in the mechanical industry
Ding Xin, Master of Finance, University of New South Wales, and Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, are now mainly responsible for the mechanical industry Huxki: Master of Arts, National University of Australia.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.