On 27 October, the company published a tri-quarter report for 2022, and in the first three quarters of 2022, the company realized revenues of $30.4 billion, an increase of approximately 46.8 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $790 million, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the same period;
Afterward net profit of $640 million, an increase of 290%. Single q3 is a gain of $1.07 billion, compared to $1 billion, an increase of 97%, and the financial indicators meet expectations. New orders of $5.6 billion, an increase of 60% over the previous three quarters, continued to grow rapidly.
In terms of operations: the company earned $2 billion in the first three quarters of corrosion equipment, a 48 per cent increase in the same year and a 46.5 per cent increase in the Mäori rate; of this, ccp earned $1.450 billion in the first three quarters, a 29.3 per cent increase in the same year; icp earned $550 million, a 139 per cent increase in the same year; and mocvd earned $388 million in equipment, an increase in the same year.
The growth rate of 28 per cent and the Māori rate reached 35.8 per cent was approximately $216 million less than the previous three quarters of the year when government subsidies were accounted for in non-recurrent gains and losses; and about $50 million less income from fair value changes arising from equity investments (in the possession of middle-core international equities) than in the previous three quarters.
The company's plasma etching equipment has been applied to international front-line customers from 65 nanometers to 14 nanometers and 7 nanos.
4. The Annual Report exceeded expectations, with short-term harvests still strong, rice and 5 nanometres and more advanced integrated circuit processes producing production lines and advanced encapsulation production lines. The company mocvd equipment was produced in large quantities on the production lines of industry ' s leading clients, and the company became the world ' s largest producer.
In addition, the company ' s tungsten filling cvd equipment is currently certified in quantities through process certification by key customers. Based on metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is in the process.
Further development of cvd and Atomic Layer Sediment Equipment to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and a smaller filling of key dimensions. The company extension equipment (epi) has entered the manufacturing and debugging phase of the prototype, with a silicon outgrowth process for 28 nm and below.
The risk of a reduction in capital spending by priority clients, the need for mocvd equipment.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment