Improved profitability, increased resistance to pressure, three-quarterly review report of the Ninder era (300,750) 2021 Company rating: buy-in (maintenance)
Corporate performance continued to grow rapidly and profit margins rose. In the first three quarters of 2021, the profits were 73,362 million yuan, an increase of 132.73 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 0.751 billion yuan in the same year, a growth of 130.73 per cent in the same year, and a net gain of 17.58 per cent in the same year.
Research assistant: Ma Myung-hoon, the market remains high, the company is strong, and there are a number of recent moves and strikes. 1, Lithium Power Lead, to meet new opportunities for storage power.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the Chinese market sold 2,143,000 new energy vehicles, with a penetration rate of 11.5 per cent, with penetration rates of 17.84 per cent and 17.29 per cent in August and September.
The power cell load of 92gwh, the company alone accounting for 50.8%, has recently strengthened the supply capacity of upstream raw materials by means of the company's three major lithium resource projects, the Greater Milennial, Jiangxi Chi Lithium, and Manono.
A number of companies, such as the National Energy Group and the Tri-Firth Group, have established strategic partnerships to deepen cooperation in the field of energy storage systems, and corporate storage operations have erupted. Companies have announced a fourth phase of equity incentives, with $620 billion collected over four years, demonstrating strong confidence.
In the Ninder era (300,750) compared to depth 300, pe is 122.24/73.70/49.16. We believe that the global new energy car market will remain high, power cells will remain fast-growing, while double carbon policies will continue.
As a global lithium ion battery tap, the company’s future performance growth is highly certain, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. We have adjusted some of the key assumptions for the Ninder’s 2021-2023 operations:
The new energy automobile industry has maintained its high profile, with a sustained domestic escalation of the domestic cost of the company ' s power cell system expected from 2021 to 2023, and the gradual release of supply and demand easing interest rates in the upper and middle production capacity next year is expected to pick up.
The company is well-placed up and down, has sufficient technological reserves, a rich customer base, and a deep moat. We believe that the new energy vehicle will speed up penetration, and that the domestic market will complete the country’s proposed battery market ahead of schedule in 2022 to maintain high growth over the long term.
The company, as a global lithium ion battery tap, has a high degree of certainty about future performance growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
If the penetration of new energy vehicles at home and abroad slows down, it will result in less than expected sales of new energy vehicles, resulting in less than expected development of new products, rapid turnover of lithium ion battery technology, competing routes and uncertainty in the development of new technologies.
If firms do not remain industry leaders in the long term, competitiveness and profitability will be adversely affected. Global lithium ion battery firms will accelerate the expansion of their production capacity and technological overlaps, increasing competition in domestic and foreign markets, and firms may be at risk of overcapacity.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.