The reason for the report is: the semi-annual review of the domestic share has remained stable and the foreign market has continued to grow.
New energy vehicles are hot on the storage market, leading to a doubling of battery revenues. According to high-tech lithium data, in the third quarter of 2021, domestic power cells installed at 17.81gwh, an increase of 134%, ring + 51.7%, and three quarters of 2021.
The total number of machines installed was 38.86gwh, compared to +139%, with 47.15% in the domestic power cell market, which is the highest in the country. Cost controls are good and the Māori rate continues to rise. The company ' s Māori rate of q3 is 27.9%.
For overseas markets, sne research statistics show that global power cell loads reached a share/total equity (billions) in January-August 2021:
162gwh, year-on-year +139%. Of these, the global loading capacity of the Ningde era was 49.1gwh, with the market value of the circulationa share (billions): the pool market was 30.3%, an increase of 7 pct from the same year, continuing to be the world's number one.
The expansion of production capacity has accelerated, and production efficiency has been high. In the Ninder era, more investment has been made in new production. Basic data are: 30 September 2021, increasing the upstream layout of the industrial chain and opening new areas.
\triangleright announced that it would buy all the shares of the Canadian lithium miner, millenniallithiumcorp. In mid-October, the Ningde era plans to invest in integrated batteries in Yichang, North of Lake.
The Material Gardens project will have the capacity to recover used battery materials, as well as materials such as lithium phosphate, cobalt, lithium phosphate and trinity material.
The Ningde era, from technology to market expansion, has shown strong power and policy support for energy storage and new energy vehicles. Moreover, companies are growing abroad, and there is still a large market space in the European and American markets, and they are expected to become companies in the future.
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th Main Rixie Street, Beijing City, 7th floor of the Interstate Center.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. sells new energy less than expected; macroeconomics continue to decline; and the epidemic continues.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.