q3 performed steadily and rapidly, with a steady profitability. 3-quarterly review of the 2021 Ningde era (300,750), event: 3-quarter report of 2021 issued by the Ningde era, yielding $73,362 million in the first three quarters of 2021.
Huang Soo Yo q3 performed steadily and quickly, with a slight increase in profitability. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a revenue of 73,362 million yuan, an increase of 132.73 per cent in the same year, and a net return of 7751 million yuan, an increase of 130.9 per cent in the same year.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, company contracts for new energy vehicles were driving high demand for power cells. With carbon-neutral targets, the global market for new energy vehicles continued to grow rapidly, with the country offering to sell 40% of new energy vehicles by 2030.
Right, Europe’s tight carbon-emissions drive the growth of new energy cars, and the United States has set a 50% zero-emissions target for 2030, with power cell output entering the Twh era in the coming years. Global markets in the Ningde era accounted for about 30%, domestic markets for over 50%, and the leading position was highlighted.
The potential of the storage market is enormous, leading to rapid growth in the storage of lithium batteries. The clean energy revolution is accelerating, triggering rapid growth in demand for storage energy. The EU proposes that by 2030, the share of renewable energy in electricity generation will rise from 32% to more than 65% above the target, and that the share of renewable energy installed will likely boost demand for storage energy.
Long; our country proposes to achieve a lithium storage capacity of more than 30 million kW by 2025. According to ggii, global storage battery output is projected to reach 416 gwh in 2025, with a compound acceleration of the next five years, R & D leading + capacity to accelerate the expansion of a solid global leader.
With $4.6 billion, an increase of 117% in the same year, the share of revenue is around 7%. A well-developed R & D system, a strong R & D team, helps companies to sustain their technology, and innovations like ctp technology and sodium batteries highlight their viability.
A strong global leader, with sufficient productive capacity to cope with the rapid growth of future market demand, will be strong. The climate resonance will allow for a high degree of certainty in future performance growth, maintaining recommended ratings.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.