The expansion of production capacity is accelerated and the leader is firmly in place.
The construction period is not to exceed 20 months from the start of the construction; 2) the Business Agreement with Zhejiang Vision on Supply and Demand Linkage and Productive Assurance, which provides a total supply of power cells of not less than 57 gwh in 2022-2026 and a guaranteed production capacity.
One billion dollars to build the Ebein base in seven to ten years (about 80gwh) and the expansion is moving faster. The company's effective capacity in the first three quarters of 2021, 106gwh, is expected to be over 400gwh, with a capacity of 300gwh+ to deliver effectively throughout the year.
▪ High-quality battery production is scarce, clients are increasingly increasingly tied, and Ningde's leader is strong. Zhejiang has a vision of a company owned by the Gilly Holding Group, with which the Company has entered into a Business Agreement on Supply and Demand Connectivity and Productive Assurance, which provides for a combined supply of not less than 57gwh in 2022-2026.
Power batteries, with a certain amount of a guarantee of capacity, will be paid by the defaulting party if the annual outline is not completed.
The company has recently established strategic partnerships with a number of companies, such as the Eton Electric Gas, the Ats Sun Power Group, the Ceiba Group, the Development Group, the China Power Group, the National Energy Group, the Tri-Fontor Group, the Chinese Construction Materials Group, and the Chinese Aluminum Group.
In 2021, we expected more than 15 gwh from the company, in 2022, we were expected to double, battery prices were expected to increase strongly, and we were expecting the profits to hit the bottom in the middle of next year.
Domestic power of 80gwh, overseas power of 20gwh, storage capacity and two wheels of 15gwh+, released in 2022, is expected to exceed 240gwh and increase more than double in two consecutive years.
The head has super-profit resistance, performance, price increases of 10% + will effectively lead to a rise in the price of lithium carbonate, and the battery profit point will be clear as the price of raw materials slows down in the middle of next year.
Lithium battery + electro-control layout, tap technology 3, The Ninder Age (300,750): Dragons are super-profit and pressure resistant, and storage power is increased.
2021-08-1) proposes to invest no more than $24 billion in the construction of the 7th to 10th phases of the Sichuan era base, starting with the start of the construction of the project 2) and the Zhejiang Vision signed the Business Agreement on Supply and Demand Connectivity and Productive Assurance, which is scheduled for 2022-2026
The Zhejiang Vision supply totals not less than 57gwh power cells and collects a guarantee of capacity. 750gwh+ is planned for 2025, with an accelerated pace of expansion. The company proposes to invest no more than $24 billion in building 106gwh with effective capacity, which is expected to reach 220-240gwh by the end of 2021.
At the end of the year, production capacity will be over 400 gwh, with an effective capacity of 300 gwh+ throughout the year. At this expansion, we anticipate an additional capacity of about 80 gwh, which will be over 750 gwh in 2025, to meet the demands of the company ' s hand orders, which will support the high-quality battery output, the client ' s increased binding trend, and Ninder ' s leadership position.
The holding company, a subsidiary of the holding group, with which the company entered into a Business Agreement on Supply and Demand Connectivity and Productive Performance Assurance, sets a total supply of power batteries of not less than 57gwh for 2022-2026, and collects a certain amount of production security, and if the annual outline is not completed, defaulters will pay the defaulter.
The company has recently established strategic partnerships with Eton Electric, Attez Sunshine Power Group, Ceefu Group, Development Group, China Power, National Energy Group, Tri-Font Group, China Construction.
A number of companies, such as Chu, China and Aluminum, have established strategic partnerships for all-round deep cooperation in storage energy, power systems, uninhabited mines, and after-sale services. In 2021, we expected more than 15 gwh to be delivered, more than doubled, higher battery prices were expected, and we expect the profits to rise again in the coming year.
Reservers and two-wheelers 15gwh+, expected to double over 240gwh in 2022. On the profit side, profit forecasts and investment ratings: considering the continuing sub-windowing over-intensity and the company’s leading advantage, we expect that the company, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has already had its Securities Investment Advisory Board.