China Sea Oil released its annual report for 2023 on March 21, 2024.
Business income of $416,609 million was realized throughout the year 2023, a decrease of 13.3 per cent; throughout the year, oil prices continued to be strong, reflecting the scarcity and level of management of good corporate assets, under the combined influence of a 17,02 per cent decline in the price of oil over the year and a q4-percent decline in the yield of mining rights.
1. China Sea Oil Company: A Critical Assessment of the Scarcity of Sustained Production!, 2. China Sea Oil Company: A Critical Assessment of Scarcity, Beyond Expectations!, 2023.8.18 Re-innovation of oil and gas reserves.
3. China Sea Oil Company: Re-enhancement of scarce assets! 2023 confirmed net reserves of 6.78 billion barrels of oil and gas assets throughout the year, a year-on-year increase of 8.65 per cent. The company ' s oil and gas production continued to increase at a higher rate, with a higher level of water reserves than water reserves.
Capital spending continues to be at a high level, and firm growth will be more certain in the future: in public 2024, the company is expected to start a number of new projects in 2024, mainly in China’s maritime areas.
36-1/BN 5-2 Secondary Readjustment Development Project, 19-2 Middle Field Development Project in volume, high company growth continuity, and future performance guarantee. Sustained high dividends policy and strong shareholder return on investment: companies maintain high dividends.
Investment returns are strong. The company's cash share in 2023 was 53,934 million yuan (in Hong Kong, we look forward to the steady performance stability and sustained growth of the future company in the middle of oil prices, corresponding to a “buy-in” rating of 10.0 x 9.6 x 9.3 x).
(1) Production of oil and gas fields is not as fast as expected: (2) production reduction is less intensive than expected: (3) crude oil supply and demand is abnormally disturbed: (4) energy policy and the impact of sanctions on business operations; (5) exchange rate risk; (6) other force majeure risks.
1. The fall in oil prices from the same year to the output growth, the overall performance of the company was in line with the expectation that China Sea Oil would release its annual report for 2023 on 21 March 2024, and that the company would achieve a full year of business in 2023.
A step that reflects the scarcity of good corporate assets and the excellent level of management. “The annualization of mining rights = annual mineral sales revenue – the yield of mining rights – and “the yield rate of yield on land mining rights”, implemented on 1 May 2023
0.8 per cent of the yield on mining rights in the sea is 0.6 per cent.” The first document to refer to the yield on mining rights is the Provisional Scheme for the Administration of Transferd Proceeds from Mining Rights, implemented as of 1 July 2017, which states in its article 10 that “the form of concession rates from mining rights can be explored”, but does not specify the method of collection.
Annual yield is expected to be around $1.3 billion, and the overall yield is expected. Between the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023, crude oil prices continued to vibrate due to the multiplicity of supply and demand fundamentals, and were affected by the Svb bankruptcy in March-May. Financial risk has led to pessimistic expectations that crude oil will fall, but with a sustained cut in production peaks, prices, prices, and prices in the OEC+ priority countries.
The United States strategic stock of crude oil began to replenish and the demand for finished oil in China continued to recover, with crude oil prices repaired and medium-high shocks sustained since the second half of 2023. Brent crude oil prices averaged $82.18 per barrel for the entire year of 2023, a decrease of 17.02 per cent compared to the previous year; the quarterly average prices, respectively, fell by 17.02 per cent.
Global crude oil supply and demand will continue to be tightly balanced in 2024, with a relatively limited increase in the marginal supply of key oil-producing countries. The voluntary reduction of 10,000 barrels per day continued until the end of 2024 and 2.2 million barrels per day in the first half of 2024, with a more limited increase in the marginal supply of OPc+ in 2024.
The activity in shale oil mining in the United States has been significantly weaker than expected since the beginning of 2023, with the number of active oil rigs in the United States starting to fall since their recovery to high stage (627) in December 2022, and the number of active oil rigs in the United States as at 15 March 2024 was only about 510.
At the same time, the number of additional wells in the United States core shale oil-producing area permian and the number of completed wells have declined somewhat, but the relative number of wells has fallen more dramatically, the number of wells in stock has slowed down and the overall intensity of the mining has fallen, but it may indicate that there may be production bottlenecks or insufficient will at the end of the United States wells. Moreover, oil prices have remained at medium-high levels, but single well production has fallen and added pages.
Crucial oil production is declining and the marginal increase in crude oil production in the United States is smaller. Figure 12: Midland Absolute Standard Oil Well Productivity Chart 13: Delaware Absolute Standard Oil Well Productivity
Figure 14: United States crude oil exports (millions of barrels per day) in recent years, global crude oil and condensed oil consumption peaked at about 85 million barrels per day in 2019, accompanied by a sustained recovery in global mobility and a gradual recovery in demand for crude oil consumption, with global crude oil and condensed oil consumption as of February 2024
Figure 15: Global demand for crude oil consumption is warming up gradually The company responded positively to the Government's call to increase production from reserves and to increase capital spending to safeguard oil and gas exploration.
The Department ' s expenditure on exploration and development capital was RMB 12,791.3 billion, an increase of 27.46 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s expenditure on exploration and exploitation capital in 2024, a net increase of 2.65 per cent in the same year in the amount of 6.78 billion barrels of oil equivalent in 2023, an increase of 2.51 per cent in the same year.
With 86.47 billion cubic feet, an increase of 11.05 per cent over the same period, oil and gas production has continued to increase at a high rate. In 2024, the company expects to launch a large number of new projects, including mainly the 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil field in China's maritime area; Guyana's Yellowtail project
Brazil Mero4 Project Guyana uaru Project Northwest of Long Lake Canada
Long Lakes K1b Project Canada Whiptail Project Guyana Buzios 6 Project Brazil
Oml139&154 block owowo project, Nigeria; Buzios7 project, Brazil; oml130 block preowei project, Nigeria
Brazil Buzios8 Project Uganda Kingfisher Project Brazil Buzios9 Project
The company’s cash share in 2024 totalled $53.934 billion (in Hong Kong dollars).
Figure 26: China’s sea oil dividend rate is maintained at a high level 1) Oil and gas fields are not yet operational as expected: oil and gas fields are a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of oil and gas fields may occur.
2) OEC+ implementation is less intensive than expected: OEC+ production reduction is a major factor in the marginal reduction in the global supply of crude oil, assuming that the OEC+ production reduction is less than expected or affects the results of the current supply end calculations. 3) The supply and demand of crude oil is abnormally disturbed: the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the advancement of the Iran nuclear agreement and the sanctions imposed by Venezuela
Dismantling geopolitical events such as these or creating uncertainty at the supply end, coupled with the possibility of oil companies modifying their production plans when crude oil prices remain high, and the Fed’s strong interest or dollar-led index, which is usually negative in relation to crude oil prices, is likely to increase interest rates or to disturb crude oil prices.
4) The impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: companies have a large volume of offshore hydrocarbon assets, offshore hydrocarbon assets development and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming that the energy policies of the countries in which hydrocarbon assets are located change or have an impact on business operations: trade and economic sanctions resulting from the deterioration of relations between different countries may affect intra-industry enterprises,
While existing assets or future investments have a significant negative impact, different levels of federal, state or local government in the United States impose varying degrees of economic sanctions on certain countries or areas and their residents or designated governments, individuals and entities. If the United States Department of Commerce puts companies on the list of entities in the month, or has some negative impact on their engagement in international trade.
(5) Exchange rate risk: Global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars and companies also have some of their assets in overseas markets, but public financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi, if there are significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there are other force majeure risks to corporate performance remittances.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.