Continued upswing in production and re-evaluation of the catalytic value of the market value management test - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) Dynamic Study High oil price shocks and strong corporate performance
In recent times, oil prices have been more affected by the geophysical situation and macro-emotion, with the intensification of conflict in the Middle East, the continuation of strong United States economic indicators, and the downward adjustment of reserve rates by the Central Bank of China causing oil price shocks. In the long run, the oec is strongly willing to lower interest rates.
In the context of high oil prices, companies have long-term returns on their performance as white horses for oil and gas extraction. Market value management has been incorporated into performance appraisals, with low valuations of high-valued red configurations.
The National Investment Commission will further study the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of the heads of central enterprises, and will direct the heads of central enterprises to pay more attention to market schedules of companies with held shares, and to convey confidence and stability in a timely manner through the application of market-based enhancements, buy-backs, etc.
In the context of high oil prices, companies continue to increase their production, both in terms of growth and in terms of high dividends.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; risk of under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; low downstream demand; China Sea Oil: strong growth in production, high dividends of oil and gas
White horses still underestimate 1.1. Corporate business analysis and outlook. Companies achieved 422.223 billion yuan in 2022, compared to 72% in the first three quarters of 2023.
The cost of barrel oil, among others, is a central factor affecting the profitability of oil and gas sales. In terms of overall operating costs, there is a downward trend in the cost rate during the company period, with cost controls and efficiency gains achieved.
Volume: Corporate oil and gas production has shown a steady trend in recent years, with a steady increase in oil equivalents of 342 million barrels since 2012. In the first three quarters of the year, the company ' s net crude oil production amounted to 499.7 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, up from an all-time high of 675 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2023.
In 2024, the company will launch a number of important new projects, including a secondary redevelopment project for the 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil fields in China, a project for the development of the 19-2 High Sea oil fields, a phase II gas development project for Deep Sea I, a pilot project for the 26-6 oil fields in Huezhou and a demonstration project for the exploration and development of deep-coalbed gas in the Diocese, and a Brazilian mero3 project abroad.
The company will insist on higher production reserves and strong growth in oil and gas production. The net output target for 2024 is 700-720, not 780-800 million barrels of oil equivalent and 810-830 million barrels of oil equivalent. Price: the company’s performance is highly correlated with oil prices, and its net profits continued during the period 2012-2014 with high oil prices.
There was a significant decline in 2022, benefiting from continued upswing, and against the backdrop of high oil prices (Brent's current average price is expected to sustain a high shock in 2024, creating a more favourable market environment for the company, with a positive profit level of US$/barrel equivalent. In 2023, the company continued to write down, at a cost of US$ 28.37/barrel equivalent per barrel in the first three quarters of the year.
In 2023, the company continued to promote engineering standardization, speed up capacity-building, speed up project approval, and capital expenditure is expected to reach a new stage. In this context, expenditure on exploration, development and production capitalization is expected to account for the total capital expenditure budget, respectively.
1.2. China ' s historical distribution of sea oils has been in excess of 11 billion yuan in cash since 2010, and the rate of dividends as at 30 January 2024 was 0.984 for China ' s sea oil pb and 1.763 for China ' s sea oil pb.
Value: The company’s latest pb is still below 1, and the quality and efficiency of the company’s assets continue to improve after a low oil price shock, and are therefore still undervalued. Given that the National Investment Commission has incorporated the realization of listed company values and market value management into the performance appraisal system of the Department of Public Administration and the appraisal of the head of the company, the undervalued valuation is expected to bring about a rational return.
Crude oil: A short period affected by geo-conflicts, long-term basic 2.1, geopolitical situation and macro-emotional disturbances, oil prices operating at a high price of $73.37 per barrel in January 2024, an increase of 1.73 per cent over the previous month and a 6.13 per cent decline over the previous year; Brent
The average crude oil price was $78.65 per barrel, an increase of 1.72 per cent over the previous month, a decline of 6.16 per cent over the previous year. The situation in the Red Sea in the Middle East was volatile, and markets were once concerned about the risk of oil supply disruptions, particularly in the midst of games and confrontations such as the United States and the Al-Houthi armed forces, where geo-hazard premiums dominated oil prices; however, the actual supply was not interrupted.
After that, extreme weather conditions in the United States and Libya’s salad oilfields also caused supply-side disturbances, starting with a decline in production at the top of Gaza, and tension at the primary oil supply, which led to oil prices operating more strongly after the shock. Geopolitics: tensions in the Middle East persist, with the United States saying that, since the end of November last, the Houthi armed forces have turned to red.
Twenty-six attacks were carried out by merchant ships in the sea. Prior to the attack, this route accounted for about 12 per cent of the global oil trade. On January 19, Pakistan launched an attack on separatist militants in Balochistan in Iran. The United States launched a new attack on the Houthi anti-ship missile targeting the Red Sea. On January 22, Ukrainian drones attacked a large area near St. Petersburg.
This dock facility exports 1.35 million barrels of crude oil, fuel oil, and finished oil daily.
2.2 Opening of interest-rate reduction cycle, demand or sustaining long-term high oil prices Supply end: 0pec+ continuous external release of output reduction signals, announced by Saudi Arabia in July 2023, to become a central driver of oil price trends at the end of the line.
In December 2023, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimated the production of 41.85 million barrels of crude oil per day in OPEC and its 22-nation production allies, with a total nominal size of 2.190,000 barrels per day, including 1 million barrels in Saudi Arabia and 500,000 barrels in Russian Russia, respectively, extending until the end of the first quarter of 2024.
The 22 countries have a sustainable production capacity of 48.4 million barrels per day, with an effective surplus of 10 million barrels, as compared to November’s crude oil production per day. Opc+24 q1 is expected to decrease slightly, but Iran still has room for growth. The United States dropped crude oil production by 1 million barrels per day to 12.3 million barrels per day last week, with disruptions due to severe weather conditions, and production in the Biscuit Basin and North Dakota State.
According to Gunvor, US crude oil production is expected to grow by about half a million barrels a day this year. At the end of demand: the US increased 3.4% in December cpi and 3.9% in the core cpi and 2.7% in the sub-data, food prices rose 0.2% and 2.7% in the same year; energy prices increased 0.4% in the same year, and the price of gasoline fell by 2% in the same year.
The stock has stopped interest hikes three times in a row, and the current round of interest hikes may be over, with the Fed forecasting that it will start interest-reduction processes in 2024. With the start of the interest-reduction cycle, the financial drag on the economy and gdp’s growth will be eased, and the stimulus to downstream consumption costs will boost demand for crude oil.
Figure 24: US cpi shares with Core cpi (%) Figure 25: Implicit overnight interest rates and interest/rate hikes (Bumper forecast) International crude oil deposition in 2024 is expected to be sustained, with oil prices in the center or at a high of $80/bail.
The global crude oil supply averaged 102.33 million barrels per day in 2024, an increase of about 600,000 barrels per day in the same year, and the demand averaged 102.47 million barrels per day, an increase of about 1.39 million barrels per day in the same year. The international crude oil market is expected to remain deconstructed as a whole throughout 2024, while international oil prices remain at medium-high.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.