Moving from domestic offshore oil and gas poles to world-class energy companies Investment rating: Purchased (first) China-based, global sea-based oil and gas giants
China’s sea oil is China’s largest supplier of marine crude oil and gas and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production enterprises in the world. China’s sea oil is based in China, with the highest/minimum company assets in nearly 12 months.
The abundance of oil and gas reserves and robust expansion capacity, as well as global high-quality asset layouts, provide a solid basis for companies’ future development. • Supply contractions are taking place in times of high energy prices, and upstream asset scarcity continues to increase.
At the supply end, due to (1) inelasticity in global crude oil production, 2) governments and international energy giants driving the energy transition to lower capital spending in the area of crude oil and gas, 3) OPEC
(opec) With major oil-producing countries such as Russia in pursuit of a balanced fiscal budget, there has been a steady decline in production, and) recent geopolitical uncertainties such as the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and the Russian-Ukrainian war have led to a contraction in global crude oil supply in the future. On the demand side, the main economies represented by the US and China are more resilient.
In the short term, taking into account the growing energy demand and the difficulty of replacing traditional energy sources on a large scale in the short term, oil demand is expected to peak not earlier than 2030, before global crude oil gas.
Demand is expected to continue to grow. We believe that the conflicting supply and demand of crude oil and gas persist, that crude oil and gas prices are expected to remain strong, and that upstream assets will remain at a better level of profitability.
More than 40 countries and regions of the world, including Asia, Australia, Nigeria, Iraq, Uganda, Argentina, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Guyana, Russia and the United Arab Emirates, will benefit fully from high oil and gas prices.
• The potential for marine oil and gas development is high, and active capital spending is driving up production. Exploration of marine oil and gas resources is the main growth point in global production.
In recent years, China’s oil industry has continued to make positive capital expenditures to ensure the achievement of the strategic objective of increasing production, maintaining the strategic objective of increasing production, and maintaining a global strategy of increasing production, with a sustained increase in capital since 2016. As of 2022, the public,
The Department ' s capital expenditure rose from 48.7 billion yuan in 2016 to 102.5 billion yuan, with a compound annual growth rate of 13.09 per cent. Sea oil raised the annual capital expenditure budget to 120 billion in mid-2023.
Over the past three years, the company’s combined annual growth rate of reserves has reached 6.4%, a global leader. The cost of barrel oil is a global leader, highlighting the core competitive advantage.
China’s sea oil is a leader in the industry, thanks to lower barrel oil production costs, international leading production techniques, streamlined and efficient staffing efficiency gains. According to the company’s three-quarter report in 2023, barrel oil costs were $28.37 in the previous three quarters, down from $28.37 in the same year.
6.3 per cent of operating costs and depreciation amortization costs are the main cost components, accounting for 25.5 per cent and 48.3 per cent, respectively, of China’s global lead in operating marine oil drums, which follow a low rate of change in oil prices and benefit from the company’s high management level. The company’s barrel depreciation, depreciation and amortization costs are on average in the industry.
United States dollars/barrells, mainly due to the slow digestion of some of the high-cost assets in the prior period, the design of new project development/upgrade of decision-making levels and the optimization of production structures. • Sustained dividends for shareholders, with valuations more attractive than for their overseas counterparts
(a) The rate of dividends reached 8.45 per cent and the rate of dividends paid was 43.26 per cent; China ' s marine oil (h) rate reached 14.53 per cent and the rate of dividends paid was 41.93 per cent. All of the above data are listed below. China ' s current sea oil (a/h) is attractive for valuation.
The industry ' s 2022 net per share and current static pe, and the current China Sea Oil (a/h) valuation is still low, especially the h share, and is more attractive to valuation. (1) The project is not on track as expected;
(2) Increased industry competition: (3) risk of volatile oil and gas prices; (4) risk of force majeure:
(5) Risk of changes in national and industrial policies.1 China ' s sea oil: based in China, China ' s sea oil and gas giant is China ' s largest supplier of marine crude oil and gas and the largest independent oil and gas survey in the world
One of the exploration and production firms was ranked 42nd out of the top 500 in Wealth in 2023. The company’s main industrial panels include oil and gas exploration and development, specialized technical services, refining and marketing, natural gas and power generation, while at the same time building up new energy operations such as offshore wind and electricity.
Research and development and oil and gas infrastructure development, with global oil and gas reserves and robust expansion capacity, provide firm foundations for companies’ future development. Companies are world leaders in oil and gas reserves, production expansion, exploration potential, technology research and development, and cost control.
1.1 Global scale of potential offshore hydrocarbon energy giants, China ' s global strategic landscape of sea oil distribution, with corporate assets spread across Indonesia, Australia, Nigeria, Iraq, Uganda, Argentina, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Guyana, Russia
By the end of 2022, offshore hydrocarbon assets accounted for about 47.2 per cent of the company ' s total oil and gas assets in more than 40 countries and regions of the world, such as S and the United Arab Emirates, with net certified reserves of 6,239 million barrels equivalent in 2022, while net confirmed reserves abroad accounted for about 42.3 per cent of the rich hydrocarbon reserves and robust expansion capacity, as well as global high-quality assets.
Figure 3 China’s history of oil development is a major event in February 2001, when the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and on the Hong Kong United Exchange.
In April of this year, the company was successfully listed in China as a stock, and the a+h shares were listed simultaneously. China Ocean Oil Group (CMEG) has a limited shareholding of 60.49% of companies indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries, holding shareholders in companies, and a centralized stock structure in public figure 4.
The director is a senior engineer, a professional backgrounder, who has worked in the oil and gas industry for many years and is familiar with oil exploration, development and production. He also has expertise in the management and layout of large oil and gas companies worldwide and in the long term.
1.2 Crude oil prices have shifted upwards, corporate profitability has increased, and corporate profitability has been more affected by oil prices. Global demand for crude oil, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, has fallen sharply, and the price of crude oil sold per barrel by companies has fallen from $63.34 in 2019 to 63.34 in 2019.
With more than a third of the US$ 40.96 decline, the company ' s operating income and net return earnings declined considerably in 2020. The global economy recovered slowly in 2021, fiscal policies eased and oil prices gradually recovered. In 2022, the oil and gas supply declined, as a result of geophysical factors such as the Russian-Turkish war.
After the global economic recovery, the demand for crude oil and natural gas rose more than during the epidemic period, with prices for crude oil and natural gas rising in 2022 at a high level of $96.59 per barrel and $8.58 per barrel for the sale of corporate crude oil and natural gas, up 42.3 per cent from the same year.
In response to fluctuations, the Māori rate of oil and gas sales was more volatile, with oil prices affected by the epidemic falling in 2020 and Māori 7 major battalion operating income (in billions of dollars) showing significant efficiency gains and lower barrel oil costs.
Competing advantage. The company ' s main cost of barrel oil in the first three quarters of 2023 was $28.37/barrel equivalent, the same ratio - 6.3 per cent, of which the cost of barrel oil operations was $7.32/barrel equivalent, the same ratio - 7.0 per cent, and the cost of operation was reduced mainly to benefit from the company ' s cost control effectiveness; the cost of barrel oil dd&a was $13.85/barrel equivalent, the same ratio was 2.7 per cent.
The decrease is mainly due to changes in the structure of production and the combined effect of exchange rate changes, depreciation and amortization of the oil drums effectively distributed in the new oil fields. Taxes other than income tax amounts to $4.05/barrel equivalent, a 15.1 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the hub of oil prices and a decrease in resource taxes and special oil proceeds.
Oil is an important fossil energy source, known as industrial blood, widely used in various fields, and oil is one of the most important sources of energy in the world today, accounting for about 33 per cent of the world's total energy consumption.
Oil prices rise as demand rises when supply is smaller than demand, and oil prices fall as supply rises. Saudi Arabia’s leading Middle Eastern countries, Russia, the United States, and other major oil-producing regions have a reduction policy for oil supply.
Largely affected, the global demand for crude oil is largely influenced by the global economic growth rate. The stock of crude oil fills the fundamentals with buffer and supply-resilient roles. When stocks fall, they indicate that the demand for crude oil is higher than the supply, prompting the price of crude oil; when stocks increase, they indicate that the supply is very adequate, thereby stabilizing oil prices and reducing them.
In addition, geopolitical factors have also been important factors in the volatility of crude oil prices, as several historical geo-related events in the Middle East, such as the Iran-Iraq war, the Gulf war, and the Russian-Turkish conflict have led to a sharp rise in global oil prices. In 2022, the global economy recovered crude oil, and demand for natural gas, which rose sharply in response to the epidemic, with the Russian-Turkish end of supply.
Geogetic factors such as war, United States sanctions on oil-producing countries such as Iran and Venezuela, and the continuing effects of the oil export organization OPEC (OPEC) decline in the supply of crude oil, gas, and the price of crude oil and gas in 2022 is higher. OPEC’s average oil price in 2022 is $100.08 per barrel.
Figure 12 Trends in global crude oil prices (in United States dollars/barrells) At the supply end, new sources of international energy giants, such as Exxon Mobil, Shell and Snow Dragon, are in the field of crude oil gas, owing to the maintenance of a balanced fiscal budget by major oil-producing countries such as OPEC and Russia
On the demand side, the world’s economy has recovered from the major economies, and the downstream refining industry is operating at a high cost. Demand for crude oil and natural gas is expected to continue to grow.
Most mainstream institutions predict future increases in oil prices. The International Energy Agency (IEA) has increased its crude oil demand for the next two years by predicting international crude oil prices of more than $90 per barrel in 2024, and Morgan Stanley’s projections for 2024 are relatively conservative.
The market, as a whole, expects the oil price hub to grow slowly in 2024 at $83-93/2.1 global hydrocarbon capital spending, and the major carbon emitters in the world are expected to peak in 2030 and reach carbon neutrality by 2060.
Time-critical task of energy transformation, particularly in China, India and Saudi Arabia, from carbon peaks to carbon neutrality and only 30 years ago, governments accelerated their energy structural transformation, policies focused on the development of new green energy sources such as solar, wind and hydropower, the share of conventional fossil energy extraction inputs such as crude oil extraction will be further reduced, and international crude oil will be further reduced
The epidemic and the Russian-Turkish conflict have contributed significantly to a green and clean energy boom, with green credit, green and clean energy investments expanding. As governments transform, international oil and gas giants have scaled down fossil fuels.
Capital spending adds up to new energy sources, oil, and gas investments are growing at a slow pace, and future crude oil supply is lacking or will stagnate. Achieving carbon-reduction targets and supporting green energy development to address climate change has become a global consensus among governments.
Governments include encouraging banks to provide low-cost, long-term and large-scale green credit to eligible businesses and projects to meet financing needs for the development of new energy technologies. Since the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015, the scale of global green credit has been growing, especially with regard to the epidemic and the effects of the Russian-Turkish war, accelerating green energy development.
During the epidemic, the global economic depression of crude oil hit the end of fossil energy demand, including natural gas, and during the epidemic, countries cut fossil energy investment and instead increased investment in green energy. The Russian-Turkish conflict profoundly changed the global energy supply authority, and European countries increased investment in new energy sources to bridge the oil and gas gap that they imported from Russia.
Other countries are also increasingly adding green and clean energy to reduce dependence on fossil energy to increase their risk resistance to geopolitical and oil-related uncertainties. According to the International Energy Information Agency (IEA) eia, global green credit reached $1771.7 billion in 2021.
A record high, with 112.7 per cent growth compared to 2020; green credit in 2022, though slightly reduced, recorded a record high of $167.2 billion in clean energy investments, well above the $10.28 billion in fossil energy.
Global oil and gas capital spending is growing slowly, and future crude oil production is not growing. According to the iea data (figure 16), capital spending in the oil sector was approximately $47.6 billion in 2022, down from 2021.
A 3.9% increase of about 82% of pre-epidemiological (2019) levels, and the lack of momentum for growth in world crude oil production. Enterprises at the corporate level, international hydrocarbon giants such as Shell, Chevron, Exxon Mobil cut their hydrocarbon capital spending, positive layout US$ 22 billion – 25 billion a year, with priority allocated to a strategicly superior one.
Operations such as gasification and the reduction of overall carbon emissions from energy systems, coupled with an investment in carbon abatement projects to minimize the impact of carbon emissions from corporate operations. ExxonMobil is expected to spend $25 billion per year on corporate capital by 2027, reducing the cost of Exxon Mobil by $9 billion by 2023 compared to 2019.
In the context of the green energy transition, the global crude oil supply is expected to increase slowly in the future. The number of drilling wells is the original.
The drilling rigs are used to drill wells, when the drilling is complete, either to complete the production of oil, or to temporarily form a stock of wells, or to produce oil on a case-by-case basis. The number of drilling wells usually leads the crude oil production capacity for 5-8 months. The number of drilling wells reflects, to a certain extent, future trends in crude oil production. In the United States, for example, it was shipped in November 2023.
With 494 oil rigs, the number of United States crude oil drills has shown a downward trend since 2023, down 20.58 per cent over the same period in 2022. The short-term increase in United States crude oil production is due to an increase in the number of drilling wells at the beginning of 2023, a downward trend since May 2023, and an increase in United States crude oil production is expected over time.
2.2 The global supply of crude oil lacks elasticity, opc+ the intention to maintain a high-price-balanced fiscal balance. Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OECS), acronym
“OPEC” (opec), an international organization of oil producing countries from Asia, Africa and Latin America that coordinates the oil policies of its member countries, aims to coordinate and harmonize the oil policies of its member countries, maintain price stability in international oil markets and ensure stable income for oil producing countries. The 13 member countries are: Algeria, Angola, Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea.
Nea, Gabon, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Libya, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Venezuela. Russia, although not a member of OPEC, has close ties with OPEC, and has repeatedly implemented a common production reduction policy to stabilize international oil prices, known as OEC+.
In the structure, OEC+ oil supplies account for half of the world’s oil supply, which has a significant impact on global crude oil markets, supply and demand, and crude oil prices. OPEC’s idle capacity is limited, and the global supply of crude oil is inflexible.
It determines supply-side elasticity, global crude oil production capacity with the exception of OPEC, and therefore OPEC’s own production elasticity is critical to global crude oil supply. OPEC’s average crude oil production capacity in November 2023 is 10,000 barrels per day, while Russia’s sustainable production capacity is the second highest, at 998 million barrels per day.
The National Energy Information Agency (eia) reduced the excess crude oil production capacity in 2024 from 4.9 million barrels per day to 4.3 million barrels per day, mainly in countries such as Saudi Arabia, Iran, the United Arab Emirates, and Iraq. Among these, Iran was sanctioned for Iran’s nuclear deal, leaving more than 1 million barrels per day, with limited capacity.
Moreover, despite OPEC’s efforts to manage the country’s failure to implement production cuts and unexpected power cuts, OPEC’s planned production could be reduced. According to eia, unplanned supply disruptions would affect nearly 2 million barrels per day per year.
The remaining capacity of Figure 20opec (in millions of barrels per day; US$ 19 in millions of barrels per day)/barrel (right axis)
Against the backdrop of high and unsustainable production in the United States, the main demand of OEC is to move from a market share to a stable level. The latest monthly forecast data show that Saudi fiscal gains and losses balance oil prices at $85.8, other oil-producing countries balance oil prices at a higher level than current crude oil prices, so OEC is motivated to maintain relatively high levels of oil prices.
In April 2023, Saudi Arabia announced a voluntary reduction of 500,000 barrels per day from May to the end of 2023. Several countries, including Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Algeria, Oman, followed, announced plans to reduce production as a whole.
In July 2023, Saudi Arabia announced an additional 1 million barrels per day reduction plan. In September 2023, the Saudi Ministry of Energy stated that Saudi Arabia would maintain a reduction of 1 million barrels per day by December 2023.
Maintaining at the level of 9 million barrels per day, the lowest level in years, 25% below its maximum output of 12 million barrels per day, while Russian Deputy Prime Minister Novak said on the same day that Russia would voluntarily cut 300,000 barrels of oil exported per day to the global market until the end of 2023.
At the end of the 36th OPEC+ Ministerial Conference on 1 December 2023, OPEC+ member States each announced a “voluntary” reduction in production during q1 in 2024 for a total of 2.193 million barrels per day, of which Saudi Arabia and Russia reduced production by 1 million barrels and 500,000 barrels, respectively.
The United Arab Emirates, with 163,000, Kuwait - 135,000, Kazakhstan - 82,000, Algeria - 51,000 and Oman - 2.3 United States strategic crude oil reserves at their lowest levels in nearly 20 years, is difficult to measure the United States as an important producer, exporter and importer of the global crude oil market, and the United States crude oil inventory data are measured by the United States.
Key indicators of the supply-demand relationship between crude oil. According to the United States Energy Information Agency eia data, the current US strategic crude oil reserve is 351 million barrels, the lowest in nearly 20 years, and oil reserves in the major oil-producing states of Texas and Louisiana have been declining steadily, reaching the last level reached in 1983.
The United States strategic oil reserves, specifically the crude oil reserves owned by the United States Government, are a major tool for the United States to stabilize international oil prices. Since the establishment of the strategic oil reserves in October 1977, the United States has undertaken a number of large-scale strategies.
Oil supply, demand, and price events. After the outbreak of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine in 2022, the United States Government pulled 180 million barrels of crude oil out of the spr, the largest strategic crude oil use in history, but the adjustment was not ideal. The world-wide oil price of more than $90 in 2022 rose significantly from 2021.
The oil reserves are 351 million barrels, the lowest in 40 years. This is less than half of the historical highs since 2010, about 40% below the level at which they began to be used. The US strategic crude oil has fallen to its historical position and the crude oil market is facing more geopolitical instability, with the strategic crude oil reserves being used by the US to counter the oil price boom.
The fall in strategic crude-oil stocks in the United States is largely due to the large-scale release of strategic reserves by the United States government in recent years, and last year the Biden government sold the largest strategic oil reserves in history, amounting to 180 million barrels.
But the supply side was affected by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, with demand-side world economic demand rising, oil prices rising throughout the year 2022, oil prices remaining high in 2023, nearing $100 a barrel since the outbreak of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, and strategic crude oil adjustment in the United States having been ineffective in recent times.
Although down to about $80 per barrel, the United States Government ' s strategic crude oil reserves are inadequate, OPEC expects a global average of 103 million barrels per day per day for the fourth quarter, and the United States strategic reserve of crude oil is insufficient for effective regulation.3 There has been a steady increase in demand for US-China crude oil, which has not yet reached its peak.
3.1 The rate of refinery start-up and the strong demand for oil in the United States increased overall global demand for petroleum products in 2023. Of this, the demand for crude oil in the United States was the first in the world. Since 2023, the United States economy has been operating a tight monetary policy to contain inflation.
The United States economy continued to show strong and sustained growth and increased demand for crude oil in a high interest rate environment, thanks to the strong push of consumption for economic growth, the return of some manufacturing industries to home-grown employment, and government tax reforms and fiscal stimulus. US crude oil consumption reached 21.17 million barrels per day in August 2023, a monthly rate in the United States.
According to the latest OPEC data, as of 30 September 2023, the third quarter is the third quarter of the year.
Of this, the average daily consumption of oil at the United States refinery in August 2023 was 17,206 million barrels per day, close to the highest level ever. The demand for travel was strong, with the US economy as a whole rising demand for petrol, diesel, aviation kerosene, etc.
Among these, the demand for fuel for downstream products, such as road fuel, and rubber-painted plastics, continued to rise, reaching a record high of 9.30 million barrels per day in August 2023.
As a result of China’s rapid economic growth, the growth in crude oil consumption has been high, averaging 6.3 per cent over the past 30 years, well above the world average of 1.04 per cent. China’s oil demand is the second highest in the world, with OPEC data showing an average daily consumption of 1.631 million barrels per day in the first half of 2023, only twice.
The average daily consumption in the United States is 2,057 million barrels per day. As China ' s crude oil consumption is much higher than production, China ' s dependence on crude oil imports has remained at over 70 per cent since 2018, being the world ' s largest importer of crude oil and accounting for 24.1 per cent of global imports in 2022, China is the major oil consumer and oil importer.
The import policies and demand for crude oil have important implications for the demand side of the international crude oil market.
Since the outbreak opened, the domestic economy has recovered rapidly, and oil demand has grown rapidly. Oil end demand has been divided mainly into traffic demand and petrochemical demand, with gasoline, diesel and kerosene associated with transport, and petrochemicals associated with petrochemicals such as petrocephalus, ethane and lpg. Oil demand for travel is close to 70%.
The demand for kerosene was historically high, with gasoline and diesel demand increasing by 17.17 per cent and 12.52 per cent in the third quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. For petrochemicals, the consumption of paracetal oil in the third quarter of 2023 remained high at approximately 3.3 per cent of the conventional fuel and gas sources, while demand for crude oil had not yet peaked.
In the long term, new green energy technologies, such as solar, wind, hydropower, and nuclear power generation, will gradually replace fossil energy, such as oil, gas, which is a necessary requirement for green and sustainable development. In the short term, while new energy technologies have flourished, new energy sources have grown as a proportion of the world’s energy mix.
It is difficult to meet the growing global demand for energy, with increasing consumption of fossil energy such as oil and gas, with a total annual demand for natural gas of 40,37.5 billion cubic metres, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same period. Fossil energy accounts for more than 80 per cent of the global energy mix, and new green energy technologies are unlikely to replace traditional energy sources in a short period of time.
According to the latest report of the International Energy Agency, global demand for oil, gas and coal will peak around 2030 as a result of the alarming growth in clean energy technologies and electric cars. On October 9, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) released the World Petroleum Outlook Report 2023, which is expected to continue for the next 20 years.
Growth, by 2045, global oil demand will reach 116 million barrels per day, an increase of about 16.5 per cent over the figure of 996 million barrels per day in 2022. OPEC reports that global oil demand growth will come mainly from emerging economies and developing regions, a forecast based on expectations of sustained global population and economic growth over the next two decades.
This year's forecast for the Agency is largely consistent. The year is expected to see 2.3 million barrels per day of global oil demand, while OPEC believes that 2.44 million barrels per day of global oil demand will increase during the year. Oil demand is expected to peak not earlier than 2030, with a high level of oil and gas demand after 2030.
Depending on the scale of the development and application of new green energy technologies. Given the growing demand for energy in the short term, the slow growth in the supply of crude oil, natural gas and the difficulty of large-scale replacement of traditional energy in the short term for new energy technologies, oil is expected to peak not earlier than 2030, before global demand for crude oil and natural gas is expected to grow.
Ocean oil and gas exploration is the main growth point in global production. On a global scale, because of land and natural resources, there is a significant increase in global oil and gas production.
Light-water oil exploration is high and oil and gas production is nearing its peak. The world ' s new reserves of oil and gas have already been increased by billions of tons of oil equivalents on land and in the shallow sea. eia projects that the world ' s largest recoverable volume of oil is 300 billion tons, of which 135 billion tons, or 45 per cent, are undersea oil reserves.
China’s marine oil and gas resources are rich in reserves, well below the world’s average, and have great potential for future exploitation. China’s total marine oil and gas resources are rich. According to data from the Fourth National Hydrocarbon Survey, China’s offshore oil and geological resources exceed 21 billion tons, and the amount of natural gas and geological resources accumulates over 17 trillion cubic metres (100 billion barrels of oil).
On the far side of the sea, the potential oil reserves in the South China Sea are estimated to be about 30 billion tons, and the amount of natural gas and flammable ice is 58 trillion cubic metres, one of the richest areas in the world in terms of oil and gas reserves. But China’s ocean, with its oil and gas aggregates, is relatively low, with an average of 23% of oil resources, far below the world average of 73%.
The detection rate is 75% in the United States and 7% in natural gas resources on average. Chart 33 shows the extent of crude oil and natural gas exploration in each of China’s oil-producing regions.
According to the fourth oil and gas survey, domestic reserves of marine oil surplus technologies account for 34 per cent of the remaining oil surplus and 52 per cent of the remaining natural gas technologies of the remaining natural gas. China has a low level of detection of oil and natural gas, and a low level of exploitation of the remaining reserves, with exploration taking place.
In general, China’s marine oil reserves are growing at a peak, marine gas reserves are growing at an early stage, and the potential for future sea oil and gas reserves to grow remains high.
Figure 34 Surplus of China ' s marine oil available oil share Figure 35 Surplus of China ' s marine gas available oil available reserves of marine gas technologies
China's sea oil is the only company authorized by the State Council to hold a marine oil and gas mining licence, and its reserves are growing. Hundreds of millions of cubic metres, up from the 13th century.
There are several major oil and gas resources, such as billions of tons of grade oil and gas fields, deep-water large natural gas fields in the south-east Jaun basin, and large areas of rocky oil and gas deposits in the Bay Basin. In addition, Chinese oil exploration in overseas areas such as Ginaya, Brazil, and Nigeria has yielded some results.
New oil and gas exploration reserves in South America and Africa were 17.28 million barrels of oil equivalent and 356,000 barrels of oil equivalent during the year, while in South America the reserves increased significantly by 36.5 per cent over 2021. 4.2 Capital expenditure has grown rapidly and has actively contributed to the production of additional reserves.
In recent years, China’s sea oils have continued to spend more actively on capital to ensure the achievement of the strategic objective of increasing production, to maintain a global strategy of increasing production, to increase production from the dollar to 76.5 billion yuan, and to raise the capr to 10.3% in 2022, where China’s sea oil capital expenditure was higher than Chevron’s.
Upstream capital spending on international energy giants, such as Shell ($9.65 billion), Shell ($8.143 billion), and Conoffi Oil ($10.169 billion).
In the first nine months of 2023, the year-on-year increase was 30.2% to $89,460 million ($12.2 billion). In the third quarter alone, the reserves of China’s oil resources are abundant and sustainable, guaranteed by sustained capital spending.
Life expectancy has reached 10 years and has stabilized for more than 10 years for six consecutive years; the rate of replacement of reserves has risen to 182 per cent, representing a firm that is able to guarantee a sustained increase in reserves and a steady increase in production under the prevailing mining intensity, with a growth rate of 7.19 per cent in oil and gas production, which is in the leading position globally.
In 2022, the company launched nine projects, and more than 40 projects were under construction, with production reaching an all-time high of 624 million barrels of oil equivalent, 30.3 per cent of which was produced overseas. In China, the company implemented 2.6 billion tons of large oilfields and 21-1 and 19-2 tons of Bojima.
In other large and medium-sized oil and gas fields, unconventional oil and gas exploration has progressed steadily; overseas, Guyana's Stabroek block has received 10 consecutive new discoveries and, according to the operator, accumulated exploitable resources of about 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent. 9 new projects are expected to be operational throughout 2023 to support future production growth.
Eight new discoveries were obtained, and 21 hydrocarbon-containing structures were successfully evaluated, with three new projects successfully launched. In the third quarter, the secondary readjustment project for the south-central 28-2 oil field and the 12-probable 12-three oil field development project were successfully launched.
The cost of 5 barrels of oil is a global leader and continues to drive down the efficiency gains of 5.1 barrels of oil with low operating costs and declining depreciated amortization costs.
The cost of barrel oil production becomes the core competitiveness of the company, and the profitability of the industry is high. Low cost is the core competitiveness of the company, which is the key to raising the profitability of the company and addressing the uncertainty of fluctuations in international oil prices. According to the company’s three-quarter report in 2023, the cost of barrel oil in the first three quarters was $28.37, a decline in the same year.
There was a fall in profits for major international giants, with the third quarter of ExxonMobil, Chevron, Dordall losing 54 per cent, 47 per cent, 35 per cent, compared with a 10 per cent decline in profits from the mid-sea oils, and a sharp decline in the cost of production of the mid-sea oil drums, which are at a leading global level.
The cost of barrel oil production was $30.39 in 2022, which is 32.5% lower than in 2013. China’s sea oil, thanks to lower barrel oil production costs, international leading production techniques, streamlined and efficient staffing mitigation efficiency, is at the forefront of the industry. From 2018 to 2022, except for 2020, it was affected by a new coronary epidemic.
The global crude oil demand surged and the profitability of oil prices declined, with Māori rates remaining at around 50% for the remaining four years, with net interest rates remaining at around 30%, well above the domestic and foreign averages. The cost of barrel oil production in China and China is derived from operating costs, depreciation and amortization, disposal fees, sales and management fees.
With a five-part composition of taxes other than income tax, in which operating costs and depreciation amortization costs are the principal constituent elements, the cost of operations in 2022 was 25.5 per cent and the depreciation, depreciation and amortization ratio 48.3 per cent, respectively, so we have focused on the splitting and horizontal comparison with overseas companies.
Chart 50 barrel oil cost composition (2022) China’s sea oil barrel operation is a global leader, following a low rate of change in oil prices and benefiting from the company’s high management level. Sea barrel oil operation cost $7.74 per barrel in mid-2022, lower than China’s petrochemical and Chinese oil in the country.
16.16 US$/bail and US$ 12.42/bail for barrel oil operations; in international comparison, Chinese sea oils have a clear advantage in barrel oil operation costs, which are generally positively related to oil prices as a result of higher oil prices.
The cost of oil oil services, construction, etc., increases operating costs. According to the comparison of data from the China Sea Oil Barracks Cost Control Study - International Oil Corporation, China’s operational costs are lower than those of oil prices if it is excluded in 2017.
As the space for optimisation is reduced, companies shift to rely on management innovation, technological innovation, and business model innovation for upgrading and optimization. Depreciation, depreciation, amortization and amortization costs of barrel oil are expected to be further reduced.
A comparative cost analysis shows that the company’s cost is at an average industry level. The company’s barrel oil depreciation, depreciation and amortization costs have been reduced from $21.03 per barrel in 2013 to $14.67 per barrel in 2022.
Oil cost control exploration — According to the Bibliography of the International Oil Corporation, this cost of the company increased gradually in 2001-2015 with rapid output, reaching a peak of $24.5 per barrel in 2015. The fall began in 2015 and is now between $14-15 per barrel. This decrease is mainly due to the fact that some of the high cost assets in the previous period were taken into account.
Slowly digesting, new project development design/decision-making upgrades, and optimized production structure. Companies rely on intensive exploration work, increased roll-out, enhanced oil storage research, increased storage and amortization base; and, in the meantime, adjusting production structures, reducing production from oil fields with higher fuel and gas consumption costs, and increasing oil with lower fuel and gas consumption costs.
Field production, which reduces overall oil and gas consumption, will continue. There will be room for further reductions in the cost of barrel oil as companies digitize, intelligent regulation, green production continues, smart oil fields, sealess platforms, coastal power technologies spread.
5.2 The technology-leading industry, which provides the impetus for future sustained efficiency gains, maintains autonomous innovation in China and China, and the company's scientific and research capacity is growing. Many of the company's technologies, such as exploration, development, production, etc., are leading or leading in the world.
The Division has achieved the world’s first full automatic production line for submarine oil machines, the world’s first 100,000-ton deep-water semi-submarine production platform, the world’s first high-temperature, multi-dimensional magnetometer, and the world’s first high-temperature heart-team technology.
6 Shareholders with a continuing red return, the valuation was more attractive than their counterparts abroad, with a share payment rate of 43.26 per cent; China ' s marine oil (h) dividends rate of 14.53 per cent and a share payment rate of 41.93 per cent.
The value of marine oil (h) for dividends, as measured by the interest rate and dividends over the years, has been increasing, reflecting the importance that companies attach to shareholder returns. The annual net gain per share and the current static pe, and the current valuation of China’s sea oil (a/h) is still low, in particular.
h Shares, which are highly attractive for valuation, are based on the following assumptions about the company ' s main profitability. (1) The project is not as fast as expected;
(2) Increased competition in the industry; (3) risk of volatile oil and gas prices; (4) risk of force majeure;
(5) Risks of changes in national and industrial policies: the Act, using legally compliant information, produces the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.