The Bulls Group (603195), company review report, October 29, 2020.
With regard to the converter, the mini bipolar and home rejuvenation series, the Mini series.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): A position value advantage quickly takes over the market, and the appearance of a new plug blends into modern fashion. On the wall, the company rolls up a high-end piano set of decorative switches; led continues to upgrade the cylinder.
Lights and decorative lamps; digital fittings to expand fast-charged power products of 65w and greater charge power; bathhouses have been sold in small quantities, smart door locks are ready for release. Companies have increased the growth of super-selling points for converters ' hardware channels, increased single-store efficiency and output, and
On the other hand, companies have been developing large-scale national real estate, domestic clothing, and home-based customers, and have established strategic collaborations with domestic headlines, such as the National Bureau of Crash, Goldfield, America, and China.
The converter has grown steadily, the reheating drive has grown rapidly, the reheating wall has grown rapidly, the Māori rate has improved, the company converter has been strong and has been growing steadily, the first half of the year the renovation market has been plagued by the epidemic, and the renovation market has been warming rapidly since the last three quarters, driving the wall to open and the business has grown rapidly.
"Study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Bulls Group (603195), 2020: volume sales increased, unit depreciation cost decreased, company q3 Māori rate improved significantly, q3 Māori reported: continuous consolidation of products and channels, q2 ring improved significantly"
Corporate management has become more sophisticated and cost-restricted, with a cost rate of 11.59 per cent for the q3 period, compared to last year's study by the dollar securities company, the Bulls Group (603195): King of Converters, falling by 2.2 pct for the same period; and a cost of 12.71 per cent for the previous three quarters, down from the same period last year.
1.51pc. Net operating cash flows for the first three quarters amounted to $2,402 million, an increase of 18.27 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit cash ratios of 150 per cent and good cash flows; product sales did not meet the expected risks; the Maori rate was at a lower risk; and new products did not deliver the expected risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.