Lower prices + higher costs drag on performance, expanding the status of LSD 0704, 2024 Lithium carbonate: basically complete year-round production and sales targets, with significant cost increases. 1) Volume: Lithium carbonate currently in the company
\triangleright
The average price of carbon (including taxes) was 239,000 yuan per ton, corresponding to 48.6 per cent, and the average price of the company ' s lithium carbonate was 169,000 yuan per ton, corresponding to 55.5 per cent.
The cost advantage remains significant, with the same ratio of +06,000 dollars. \triangleright blow and weak demand effects, domestic potassium fertilizer prices dropped significantly, and corporate potassium chloride was sold tax-free in 2023.
Review: Decline in potassium lithium prices, high q2 lithium salt, best annual performance in history, waiting for Salt Lake Dragons to release - Core point: Cost advantages + productivity expansion, positioning of Salt Lake Dragons. 1 Lithium: Affiliates Blue Lithium.
\triangleright 2023/04/03 Continuous optimization of lithium lifting processes and equipment, improvement of lithium recovery rates and consolidation of lithium enrichment cost advantages in salt lakes; corporate lithium salt
1+2+3+4 production capacity, currently 30,000 tonnes of production capacity and 30,000 tonnes of cooperation with Biadi performance forecast: q2 performance over and above expectations, potassium and lithium industry
The lithium salt project is being tested, with the new 40,000-ton lithium salt integration project (20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000) Launching of the salt lake carrier - 2022/07/14 4. Salt lake shares (000792.sz) incident evaluation: Lithium China
Tons of lithium chloride are scheduled to be produced by the end of 2024. In a reversal of the pattern in the lithium industry, lithium prices have been substantially reduced, potassium resource safety “barrel stones” have been removed, growth space has opened to 202 trends, salt lake lithium cost advantages + capacity expansion to build core core competitiveness of salt lake taps.) Potassium fertilizer: companies
Potassium chloride currently produces 5 million tons, ranks first in the country, assumes the highest responsibility for the country's food security, has a high degree of external dependence on potassium, has a high level of external dependence, has a high level of re-innovation in imports in 2023, and, in the context of the growing importance of food security, has been assessed by the Potassium q1 quarterly report: prices have risen to best performance, with an emphasis on potassium.
The fertilizer business is expected to contribute to steady performance. The strategic position of lithium resources - 2022/04/26 Investment proposal: reversal of supply and demand patterns in the lithium industry, significant drops in lithium prices, and significant advantages in the cost of lithium from salt lakes
\triangleright 1 potassium lithium price falls, delaying year-round performance 2 Business analysis: potassium lithium price falls and costs rises
In terms of revenue, the price of potassium lithium has fallen, mining gold has been paid, and the ratio of lithium carbonate and potassium chloride to Māori has risen to 67.7 per cent. In terms of Māori, the operating costs have increased significantly as a result of q3's payment of mining concessions. Lithium carbonate: the cost advantage remains significant as a result of the completion of the year-round target.
The price of lithium per year fell rapidly, the average price of electricity carbon (including taxes) was 256,000 yuan/tonne, the same rate was 47.3 per cent, the average price of industrial carbon (including taxes) was 239,000 yuan/tonne, the same rate was 48.6 per cent, and the average price of company lithium carbonate was 169,000 yuan/tonne, the same rate was 55.5 per cent.) This is: after deducting the concession of mining rights, the cost of lithium carbonate per tonne in 2023 was approximately 37,000 yuan, the same rate was + 0.6 million.
The impact of the shock and the weak demand has led to a marked decline in the domestic price of potassium fertilizer, with the company ' s non-taxed selling price of potassium chloride in 2023 at $2610 per ton, as compared with 25.5 per cent in 2023; (b) Ben: one ton of potassium chloride in 2023, after deducting gold from the concession of mining rights
This is about $996, which is +276 for the same year.Figure 15: Cost of lower domestic potassium fertilizer prices in 2023 ($/t) after yielding gold
Financial and marketing costs have declined significantly and cost rates have remained low. Since 2018, corporate financial costs have been at the core of 3 observations: cost advantages + capacity expansion, expansion of salt lake tap 3.1 to 40,000 tons project is about to come into operation, and salt lake tap costs are high.
The company currently produces potassium fertilizer and lithium salt, the raw material of which comes from the Salt Lake of Qing Haizar Khan, which is rich in a variety of mineral elements, of which potassium is particularly rich, with a total of 540 million tons of potassium chloride and a total of 1988 tons of lithium chloride, with a contract of 17,89 million lce.
The rich lithium resources provide the company with an expanded capacity for lithium salt production that enhances the rate of lithium recovery and improves the cost advantage of producing lithium from salt lakes. The Zalkhan salt lake is rich in lithium resources, but the concentration of lithium ion is low, and the subsidiary, the Blue Lithium industry, continues to optimize the lithium process and equipment, 2023, the company ' s lithium salt.
Production target of 36,000 tons (currently 30,000 tons capacity), overproduction operations reflecting the maturity of the technological process; and continued technical intensification of the technical closure in response to the technical difficulties of low rates of recovery of lithium silicon fluids. In June 2023, the company ' s 6000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate-producing liquid recovery unit was launched in a pilot vehicle, and lithium recovery rates will be further raised
The capacity has expanded rapidly, and the 40,000-ton expansion project became operational by the end of 2024. The company's lithium salt production has developed into a “1+2+3+4” layout, and the blue lithium industry has produced 30,000 tons of capacity in phase I and phase II, which coincides with Biadi.
The 30,000-ton lithium salt project is being tested, and the new 40,000-ton lithium salt-bodyization project (20,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000-ton lithium chloride) is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2024.
The company currently produces 5 million tons of potassium chloride, ranking first in the country, and is responsible for the country’s food security. The country’s annual demand for potassium is about 17 million tons of kcl, the world’s top priority, but its resources are relatively scarce, with stocks accounting for only 10.0% of the world’s total in 2022.
In the context of the growing importance of food security, potassium fertilizer is expected to contribute steadily to the company’s steady performance. The lithium industry is experiencing a reversal in supply and demand patterns, a sharp drop in lithium prices, a significant advantage in the cost of salt lake lithium, and corporate lithium salt.
With the accelerated expansion of production capacity and the consolidation of potassium fertilizer operations, we expect a significant decline in lithium prices from 2024 to 2026, when the net return to the company is 1. The supply and demand patterns of the lithium industry have gradually changed, and the expansion project has gradually released capacity, resulting in a sharp decline in lithium prices if the supply of the industry is faster than expected and the demand for new energy vehicles downstream has slowed significantly.
This would result in less than expected releases of the company’s lithium salt operations.2 The supply of potassium fertilizer is higher than expected. The company’s potassium fertilizer operations contribute to the main performance and would affect the contribution of potassium fertilizer to the performance of the company if the price of potassium fertilizer were to fall in the event that the international supply of potassium fertilizer is higher than anticipated.
The company’s 30,000-ton project with Biadi is currently being tested, and the 40,000-ton project is under construction, which, if delayed, will affect the release of the company’s lithium salt plate performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.