On April 9th, the award was submitted for the Beijing Stone Century Technology Company Ltd., which is growing rapidly and sharing the dividends of the market for service robots.
The main products of the Division are smart sweeper robots and related accessories, including Mi ' s custom branded "Mi Smart sweeper Robots" (launched in 2016.9), "Stony Sweeper Robots" (launched in 2017.9) and "Small Sweeper Robots" (launched in 2018.3).
1.3 billion yuan, mainly for a new generation of clean-land robots (758 million yuan), a business clean-up robot project (289 million yuan), a stone smart company data platform (140 million yuan), 19q1 performance is expected to sustain rapid growth,
Coves, stone technology, are the two leading companies in the industry.
-2019/04/08 Lump, based on data from Mid-Eccon ' s 2018 domestic line, the market share of Kovos is " Tracking the Engineering and Mechanical Industry: Stocking for the season " .
38.77 per cent of stones (meal + stones) were 23.8 per cent, the third Hal was 5.9 per cent, irobot was re-fired, the demand for equipment was diversified to promote industry parity of 5.37 per cent, and if overseas data were added, Coworth's market share would be higher.
The technology is constantly changing, and the market for future ground sweeps of robotics will move from optional to mandatory consumer goods, rising rapidly from the current global penetration rate of less than 10 per cent, and the market space is expected to reach 10 times the current level, with Coworth, stone science and technology benefiting fully from the growth of the industry.
Coworth's 19-year-old dg70 is carrying up-to-date Aevi visual recognition technology. Kovos showed up-to-date results at the ces exhibition in early 2019.
Machines are able to identify barriers to their homes on their own ... such as electrical wires, slippers, socks and chargers, and to avoid and solve user pains. The service robot industry valuation is expected to be boosted.
The industry’s valuation is expected to increase significantly as rock technology and technology are on the market. Investment proposals: currently, service robots are in industry as opposed to industrial robots.
In the early stages of transformation, there was a rapid global outbreak, with great potential. It was suggested that attention should be given to Coworth, stone technology, etc.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.