Topper Group Performance is slightly lower than expected, with multiple layout prospects open to the future. Company reports 2017, total operating income of $5.09 billion over the year, 29.3 per cent more than the previous year.
Net profits of 740 million yuan belonging to shareholders in listed companies increased by 19.9 per cent in the same year; net earnings of withholding non-repatriated mothers increased by 44.9 per cent and contributed to high performance growth. The company was well positioned in areas such as rubber shock, and market occupancy rose steadily. In addition, the company’s strategic layout bottom-breath business, light-quantization business, intelligent driving, etc.
Business, multiple layout prospects are promising. Given the slower pace of growth in the automobile industry, we have reduced profits slightly, performance slightly lower than expected, and the increase in the interior share has led to a decline in the Māori rate. In 2017, the company grew at a high rate, with an increase of 14.3%, 44.9%, respectively, in the seismometers, interior features, and chassis systems.
Exchange losses and interest payments led to a strong financial pole for rubber decomposition and a rapid growth in interior operations. In 2017, the company ' s rubber decomposition business grew by 14.3 per cent and the city ' s share increased steadily. The company is expected to pursue the opportunity of merger restructuring.
The market share and competitiveness of firms worldwide are raised. Clients such as Gilley are growing rapidly, and the interior business is growing rapidly, and it is hoped that the next step will lead to more customers and faster performance growth.
The high-intensity steel chassis business is expected to continue to invest $2.5 billion over the next five years in the construction of three main chassis bases in Hangzhou Bay, Penang, and Xian. The light quantification of cars is essential, the company's layout is five core processes, and the next five years are proposed to invest $2.5 billion in this area.
The control arm, battery bag and large body parts, turnovers, light-quantified chassis, etc. The smart drive continues, the company has been developing in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nimbado, electronic vacuum pumps have been upgraded, and the smart brake system ibs is progressing well in many areas.
Oil Emission and Renewal Drives Aluminium Explosion in Cars Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Jupon*