Short-term performance pressure and long-term endogenous growth is still robust - Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Report on the first quarter of 2018 issued by the company, resulting in total business income of 1,497 million during the reporting period
Dollars, 28.36 per cent increase in the same year, $199 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, compared with the increase in the same year.
Total operating income and net profit achieved in the first quarter of 2018 was 1,497 million yuan and $199 million, respectively, representing an increase of 28.36 per cent and 15.52 per cent, respectively, excluding Zhejiang Fordonna and Sichuan Fordonna, with a slightly lower actual rate of increase than anticipated, mainly due to: 1) sales by mainstream customers
The financial cost of $16.635 million in the first quarter of the year is roughly equivalent to the financial cost of the last year as a whole. _aaa_Tupou Group (601689) points out that the share of income rose to 1.11 per cent as compared to 0.79 percentage points in the previous year, mainly because
In 2017, the growth of company-owned operations, including shock absorbers, interior features and chassis systems, remained robust, but the increase in prices of upstream raw materials led to a decline in the Māori rate of operations to varying degrees.
Of this amount, 2.22 billion yuan was collected by the shock absorbers, an increase of 14.33 per cent over the previous year, a decrease of 1.22 percentage points in the Māori rate of 33.47 per cent over the previous year, while the rate of revenue growth was still low, the orders were still adequate, and in 2019, 1.68 billion global gem orders were launched, which were expected to pick up at that time; and interior features were expected to recover.
The volume of chalking is expected to increase, mainly as a result of the abundance of product types, such as by-product racks, battery bags and additions to large body structures, turnovers, etc., as well as the acquisition of an expanded high-strength steel chassis in Fordonna, which creates synergies with the original aluminium alloy chassis, the city.
There's a lot of room for growth. Smart driving projects are less than expected, with smart brake systems earning $11 million in 2017, a decrease of 1.1 per cent in the same year, and companies deciding to extend the testing cycle for ibs, and electronic vacuum pumps completing product upgrades due to complex products and high technology content.
However, further client outreach is needed. The company is expected to generate 7 billion yuan in business revenue throughout the year 2018, an increase of about 40% over the same year. Overall, growth in the main business is still robust, with long-term growth space. Short-term performance is declining, benefiting in the long run from the extension of the company’s product structure and light quantification.
Accompanied clients have suffered a serious decline in sales, fund-raising projects have not progressed as expected, and modest quantitative developments have not been achieved