The performance of the 2017 semi-annual report is in line with expectations, Otc Joo Deji
The net profit of the company was 695 million yuan, an increase of 14.53 per cent in the same year, which is what was expected: 2,541 million yuan in the sales revenue of the company q2 quarter in 2017, an increase of 18.26 per cent in the same year; and 367 million yuan in the net profit of the parent company, an increase of 13.22 per cent in the same year.
II. Our point is that the simultaneous growth of the otc and the hospital end, generating revenue, the simultaneous increase in profits, and the realization of sales revenues and net return profits by the reporting companies in the semi-annual period 2017, at $4,998 million and 19.9 per cent, respectively, have sustained high growth, providing a double impetus to the company ' s performance.
(b) The sale of Chinese prescription drugs at the hospital end earned 2,015 million yuan, or 40.32 per cent of the proceeds; and it earned 266 million yuan, or 5.32 per cent, from other operations (including packing operations).
The growth rate at the end of the otc has increased significantly, providing a strong impetus for the growth of the company. In 2017, the company at the end of the otc achieved sales revenue of 2,371 million yuan, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the year, and sales at the end of the otc increased significantly faster than in previous years.
Since changes have taken place at the industry level and at the firm level, there has been a marked improvement in the performance of the firm at the end of the otc. 1) Industry level: the otc industry is experiencing a general increase in prices, otc end price 2) Company level: break down the old otc line into three lines of business, including brands
The Otc Operations Department, the Professional Brands Department, and the Department of Greater Health have continued to refine marketing strategies to meet patients’ needs, focusing on the 999 brands, while plowing the core categories of cold, gastrointestinal, skin medicine, etc. and actively expanding areas such as liver diseases (explicit recovery), osteoporology (days and series of products) and paediatrics.
2. The rapid increase in prescription drugs has been steady, maintaining a high rate of growth of 19.9%. In the area of prescription drugs, companies have continued to reduce the proportion of Chinese injections and have focused on the development of oral drugs, with a focus on the development of high-quality oral products such as the blood-sythropic soft capsules and Xanax.
During the reporting period, sales income from policy-affected sales, such as the note radials, the barley injection fluids, etc., declined, but improved growth was achieved in the form of yellow and yellow oral fluids, sky and osteoporosis, as well as an increase in the company's revenue from the sale of prescription drugs as a result of the sacred gunpowder industry (the “Red King” blood-touching soft capsules, etc.).
The Chinese formulation particles have been the company's fastest growing business in the area of prescription drugs for the past few years, and this year they have been slightly reduced by factors such as increased competition in the market, but we believe that the company's formulation particle operations will continue to contribute to faster growth throughout 2017.
The anti-infection business is growing at a steady rate, the sales earnings of New Therling are stable, magnesium plus aluminium, anti-magnesium, anti-false, and so on are growing faster, and the Achillinol capsules are expected to become the next growing species as the provincial tenders move forward, providing a new impetus to the company's anti-infection business.
3. The company ' s Māori rate has remained stable, with a slight increase in net interest rates under effective cost management. The level has remained stable and the level of net interest rates has risen. The company ' s production costs have been effectively controlled and the Māori rate has remained relatively stable, with a slight increase of 0.1 percentage points.
In terms of costs, the company effectively controls the growth in sales costs and management costs. Sales costs have amounted to $1.79 billion, an increase of 18.8 per cent in the same year, a decrease from the full year 2016, which is slightly higher than 46.2 per cent of the company ' s income, and a direct boost to the net profit rate of 15.0 per cent of the company ' s semi-annual report.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels have remained relatively stable throughout the year and have been able to maintain semi-annual reporting levels.
In the area of prescription drugs, the company further enriches the company’s products by buying and buying sarcophagus medicine, creating a combined dynamic of growth in the company’s performance with products such as Chinese medicine formulations, particulates, oral preparations, and antibiotics.
The market extension and sales at the end of the otc end were lower than expected; the distribution of prescription drugs in China was lower than expected.