In the case of Chinese medicine in the prescription drug category, there has been a decline in sales revenues from the policy impact (policy use restrictions); Chinese drug formulation operations based on the construction of the overall capacity of the industrial chain have continued to grow well; in the case of anti-infection operations, the sales of New Tylyn have remained stable and the public pharmaceutical business has been consolidated.
The progress has been smooth, with faster growth in magnesium plus aluminium and Han anti-hexalines; the blood plug-in capsules entered the new national health-care catalogue at the beginning of this year, opening the way for future growth in cardiovascular oral product lines. (2) On a quarterly basis, there has been an accelerated trend in the first two quarters of the season with net profit. q1-q2 received $24,571 million, respectively, and the net return to the mother was withheld.
The profits were $353/342 million, q2 +18.24 per cent, and the net profit from non-repatriation was +14.77 per cent, an acceleration of the same rate. The main thing is that if the Otc-type drugs and the Chinese formulations grew steadily, the easy-to-recover products were to successfully complete the market transition and achieve steady growth, the blood-stuffing caps had entered the new version of the National Health Insurance Directory and opened the market space.
3) There has been an increase in inputs into the construction of the terminal channel and a slight increase in the overall cost rate. The cost of sales increased by 0.63 percentage points over the same period last year, the management cost decreased by 0.07 percentage points and the financial cost increased by 0.10 percentage points, mainly due to reduced interest income. Overall, the combined cost increased by 0.66 percentage points, which remained stable. The net cash flow from operating activities was 135 million in the first half of 2017, and the overall quality of the collection was good.
Self-diagnosis: Otc's first brand, enhanced leadership in the extended product category, strong health in the front-end extension of the industrial chain layout. In the first half of 2017, the company built up an upgraded system of self-diagnosis, striving to upgrade from otc to self-diagnostic guides and to upgrade its original business.
Three lines of business, including branding otc, professional branding, and large health industries, were broken down to better meet consumers’ health needs. The company was the first brand in the country for otc, the product type was well-lined, the brand had a clear edge, and the company had been buying the right otc products through external M&As.
The Department of Professional Brands focuses on the treatment of consumer diseases, exploring academic models for the promotion of professional products at retail pharmacies’ terminals, and fostering consumer self-diagnosis in specialized areas such as liver and osteoporology.
In April, the joint venture, which completed its work and will gradually contribute to its performance, focused on the development of paediatrics, gynaecology products, and the creation of brands such as “999” baby flu drugs, “good dolls” and “Kon Kagurt.” The Ministry of Health has set up three types of products with a stronger impact on brands and industrial resources, including health products (red sugar, ginger tea, etc.).
Mint sugar, etc.), health products (food supplementation, such as vitamins), and secondary medicine (skinners, etc.) have initially been built up to provide a good basis for the growth of corporate health operations, and more new products will be marketed in the future.) Prescription medicines: merger operations are well integrated, and the product structure is optimized.
The company entered Chinese pharmaceutical formulations earlier, with a clear pre-eminence, one of the taps of Chinese formulations, and has been in the third place. In '09, the company moved through the M&A pharmaceutical industry into Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, where 999 formulations were collected on a scale of over 1 billion, but in 15 years they grew 40% to the left, in 16 years about 20%, and are expected to remain at a high growth rate of around 15% in 2017 (more than 600 singles).
In 2017, the company's project “Application of new models for the manufacture of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations and granules” was set up by the Ministry of Trade and Communications's project “Integrational Standardization and Application of New Models for the Manufacturing of Intellectuals” to further the creation of smarts and to improve the information, automation and cost of Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing.
As a result of the acquisition of Zhejiang benefits, the anti-infection group has increased the oral achillinol capsules, redicillin capsules (both in the base drug, health-care catalogues), the oral use of antibiotics is less restricted and guaranteed as a base drug. In the first half of 2017, the integration of popular pharmaceutical operations has progressed, the sales of new Tylin has been stable, and the sales of magnesium plus aluminium and Han anti-hexaphene have been growing faster.
In the second half of the year, sales are expected to increase. In cases where the use of Chinese injections is limited, companies are actively responding (from the Chinese to the oral type), and the effect is gradually becoming apparent.
In the future, the company is expected to continue to work on the prescriptions, through the extension (cerebrovascular, digestion, gynaecology, oncology, etc.), reducing the ratio of Chinese injections, further optimizing the product structure, and promoting the long-term sound development of the prescriptions.
Not 20x, 17x, 15x. The company, as the country’s first brand of otc, has a higher market share in flu, gastrointestinal, skin, paediatric, cough and osteoporosis, and continues to buy enriched product lines through extended and expanded purchases or to introduce brand co-tone in the domestic market in the form of cooperation; the prescription drug plate formulation industry is moving towards liberalization, with companies predisposing advantages in terms of research and development and through channels, acquiring the Zhejiang people’s benefits, the gold rehabilitation medicine industry, the Kunming Holy Fire Turnover.
Business is well integrated, optimizes the product structure of prescription drugs, and promotes firm growth over the long term. Firm growth over the long term is more certain, looking to the company for long-term development, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. A Master of Pharmacology from Beijing University, a Bachelor of Pharmacology from North Beijing University, a Bachelor of Economics from Beijing University, and three students from the King Business School.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.