q2 performance exceeded expectations, precision capai tip wave event: companies issued semi-annual performance forecasts for 2025, companies are expected to achieve high performance expectations for q2 in the first half of 2025, and performance indicators are well on track. Companies earn about $8.3 billion in 25q2.
The increase of 28.7 per cent over the same period is based on a median performance forecast of $741 million in net profit attributable to the mother, a 158.1 per cent increase over the same period. The company ' s performance is much higher than expected, mainly due to: 1. Sustained cost control, process improvement, enhanced automated production, lower production costs and higher profits during the reporting period.
Growth is mainly due to changes in product structure, an increase in the current year’s capacity utilization compared to the previous year, and a wave of global consumer electronics pcb, an end-of-the-end precision card-postai. According to the cpca Chinese electronic circuit list, companies have been ranked first in China for many years in a row. Companies rely on smartphones and consumer electronics.
In the medium and long term, the i function is based on total equity/flow (billions of shares)
The accelerated lateral penetration of clouds, driving the upgrading of the consumer electronics industry, has created huge market space for the total market value/flow of future consumer electronics markets (millions of dollars). Companies have been able to build on technology in the high-end pcb field for many years.
The highest/minimum price in 12 months and deep farming in smartphones and consumer electronics markets have built a pan-field product matrix covering consumer goods on the ends of aai, iipc, ii-eye mirrors, etc., which has been developed in collaboration with global head clients.
In order to respond to the high-level demand for hdi and slp products brought about by technological innovation and smart car operations, the public sector should be able to provide energy for a steady growth in performance through a three-pronged, "Technology - Client - Productive" innovation cycle for consumer goods.
< <The consumer electronics market has recovered mildly, and the end side brings the Division to continue to push for the upgrading of production and globalization. > - 2024-111 - 12
The project was successfully launched in 2024 and the second phase is accelerating construction; at the same time, a steady growth is expected from the Thai Gardens < < Camp in September > , and the construction project for the ai terminal is expected to be completed by May 2025 and will enter the certification, sampling and testing phase.
As the projects are phased in, the productivity and market share of the company’s products will increase, providing a strong support for the company’s future diversification of business growth.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.