In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $16,375 million, an increase of 24.75 per cent over the previous year; the net profit from maternity was realized.
One hundred and thirty-three million yuan, an increase of 57.22 per cent over the same period. With regard to telecommunications panels, based on technological and productive advantages in fpc products, companies have continuously increased their market share of products, and in the first half of the year, they achieved business income of $10.268 billion, an increase of 17.62 per cent over the same period.
In the consumer electronics and computer panels business, the company uses the consumer electronics recovery cycle and actively promotes the development and volume of the ai-side products represented by the ai glasses, with $5,574 million in the first half of the year in the consumer electronics and computer panels business.
In the case of machine panels, affected by the surge in market demand for ai servers, company-related businesses continued to grow at a high rate, vehicle/server panels generated business income in the first half of the year, and pre-distribution capacity was gradually released, with priority services such as a server and a light module
Highest/lowest price area in 52 weeks. Thailand’s plant was completed and tested in May this year, with products mainly serving the areas of i-server, vehicle-mounted and light communications. Currently, products such as servers and light modules are operational.
Also, the construction of Phase II has started. Taiwan's Motile Board, US Harbour Industries Limited, has entered the test production phase and will serve mainly high-end medical, engineering and other industries in the future.
In late 2024, the first phase of the Huai An San Park project was launched, and after a test production in the first half of 2025, the production line, which now mainly produces hdi and slp products up to 6 steps, has been able to increase the level of Maori production as the production line has steadily improved.
It will also serve the product areas of ai servers and light modules. In addition, it is planned to raise capital spending to over 30 billion new Taiwan dollars in the next two years, nearly 50% of which will be used to expand the capacity of high-end hdi and hlc to respond to client demand for future orders for high-endai products.
Risks of changing global trade patterns: Increased risk of market competition: Increased prices of raw materials, data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information and, through independent judgements and conclusions, independent, objective and fair, the findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.