iii. E-consumption electronic component iii. Expected performance of 25h1 is as bright as ever, ai+car twin-tracking cost control, process improvement, enhanced automated production, lower production costs and higher profits. (2) Production
In terms of goods, profit growth is mainly due to changes in product structure, an increase in the current year’s capacity utilization compared to the previous year, and a steady increase in the good rate of company’s new product lines. As new products and new customers of the company expand, the production profile of the company’s revenue in the ari numeracy field will continue to grow rapidly in the future.
The brand has accelerated the roll-out of end-of-side ai products such as ai cellular phones, aipcs, ai glasses, etc. The company has accumulated over the years and has achieved business income of $24.236 billion in smartphones, an increase of 3.08 per cent, and $9.754 billion in consumer electronics and computer panels, an increase of 22.30 per cent.
At the end of the range, the share of income from the products is over 45%. It is expected that in 2025, as the end-of-a-ai product is falling, the share of corporate-i-related business will be over 70%.
At the cutting edge of technology, with sustained focus on and deep-farming of products in the field of electronic circuitry, the production of printed circuit board products with minimum apertures of up to 0.025 mm and a minimum linear width of up to 0.020 mm, the company's new generation of usb integrated modules, new generation display modules, multifunctional dynamic bending modules, new antenna modules, vehicle-mounted laser radar, high-level cameras
Products such as modules, space communication boards, led envelope panels, high-level light modules, high-speed ai panels, third-generation panels, high-end switches and frames panels, high-precision smart master panels, etc. have been developed and are industrialized. In addition, the company has synchronized its product development and technology with international brand clients for the next 1-2 years.
At the end of (1)ai: while building a leading edge in the ai-side area, the company actively extends to the ai cloud side and the side of the tube and constantly upgrades the depth of the ai industrial chain.
Ping Dynasty: While mobile customers are growing at a peak in new products, collecting and selling revenues, companies are actively working with Tier 1 clients to promote the creation of new generation products.
The new design and depth development, which enhances the company’s technological competitive advantage over the one-server, provides a solid basis for future market developments. The company is pressing the 800g/1.6t module upgrade window to promote successful slp products.
To cut into the relevant area of the light module and pre-position the 3.2t product in order to take advantage of the market for high-level products, to take advantage of the development of the new wave-gold securities-electronic-bung product layout of the pcb product on the side of the tube and to build the company's capacity to supply the pcb product covering the whole chain of the ai
(ii) Smart cars: Faced with the market demand for pcb due to the rapid growth of smart cars, Pond Holdings: July harvests increased by the same ring, creating a full-scale company to accelerate research and development and marketization of car pcb products. 2024, company radar panels, domain controls.
The one-stop service platform pcb - Hwakin securities-electronic-pendium sheet products, as well as those in the high-frequency area of car radars, achieved output volumes. During the reporting period, the company continued its full cooperation with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers and successfully improved itself through international Tier 1 client certification.
The company is gradually becoming an important participant in the smart car pcb market as a result of the ongoing breakthrough in the car pcb. In 2024, the company’s motor vehicle/server panels and other pcb products generated sales revenue of $1,025 million, an increase of 90.34 per cent over the same period.
The high-level demand for hdi and slp products from technological innovation and smart car operations continues to push the company to upgrade and globalize its production. The company's high-end soft-boarding project, which is now under production in small quantities, is the company's Ko-Yo Park; The first phase of the Hdi and Slp project was successfully launched in 2024; and the second phase of the project was successfully launched in 2024.
Construction is accelerating;3 Thailand’s park is a vehicle- and server-related hardboard project, which is expected to produce small quantities in the second half of the year. As the projects are phased out, the capacity and market share of the company’s related products will increase, providing strong support for the company’s future diversification of business growth.
The punctured holdings are based on a three-pronged "Technology-Customer-Industrial" competitive advantage, precision on the top side of the card-postai wave, and one is expected to lead a new cycle of semiconductor innovation, adding car electricization/intelligentization/networking to continue to deepen, with pcb demand and value-added logic emerging, providing space for company performance growth and maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Risk of rapid and increased competition in the market; development of new products and technologies that have not progressed as expected; investment in new production bases