Aicapex or accepex at speeds, on both sides of the cloud, the company publishes its semi-annual 2025 report, 25h1 product is optimally structured, revenue is growing, and one is active.
1.149 billion yuan, or +51.90% of the same year. In a single quarter, the company achieved $8.288 billion in 25q2, which took advantage of market development opportunities and fast-growing product line operations. 1) Communications panels: based on the technological and productive advantages of the fpc product, the company continuously boosts its market share of the product. 25h1 achieves the business.
Business income was $10.268 billion, compared to +17.62 per cent, with a Māori rate of 15.98 per cent. 2) Consumer electronics and computer panels: companies capture the e-consumption cycle of consumption and actively promote the development and volume of the ai-side products represented by the ai-side products. 25h1 generated business growth of $5.174 billion.
The same ratio +31.63%, with a Māori rate of 24.52%. 3) Automobile/server panels: The company’s business continues to grow at a high rate, as a result of the growing demand for the i-server market. The company actively promotes the certification and sampling of a new generation of market-renowned customers, while further expanding the development of aaiasic-related products with cloud servers.
Aicapex or speed up, ai's “end” cloud, which goes hand in hand. Company 25h1 investment projects are well built.
At present, products such as servers and light modules have been certified by the relevant clients. At the same time, the company Xiao'an III Park Project, which started work in late 2024, was tested after a 25h1 test, and the company's production of the first phase of the project was completed in late 2024.
In addition, there has been a marked increase in demand for future orders for high-level products, and the parent company has made a significant contribution to the growth of the production line, which is now mainly responsible for the production of hdi and slp products up to the sixth step and will serve the product areas of the i server and light module.
To raise capital spending for the next two years to more than 30 billion Taiwan dollars, nearly 50% of this capital expenditure will be used to expand high-level hdi and hlc production capacity to capture opportunities for product growth. Given that the company’s performance in the first half of the year has grown significantly over the same period, business is going well, i’s chain is expected to be well aligned, i’s chain is expected to be well aligned.
Taking into account the investment in corporate capital expenditure or the prospect of an increase in it, we adjust our profit projections, predicting a lower-than-expected outlook for companies, less demand for a person, more competition in the pcb sector, and more trade disputes.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations