• Investment rating: increase (maintenance) Quarterly deduction of net profit from non-repatriation of 671 million yuan, an increase of 166.09 per cent over the same period;
..to catch a wave of development on the side of the ai, to achieve a cloud-pipe-end full-chain layout, a comparison of company prices and depth of 300, and despite the impact of uncertainties, such as taxes on 2q25, companies still achieve excellent operating schedules.
Now, the 2q25 income is record high in the second quarter, with a 2q25 Māori rate of 20.28%, up from 20.28%.
Sex makes it the ideal option for limited space design. The rapid development of folding phones also increases the demand for fpc. Light quantification in folding screen cellular design is one of the key considerations. Connectivity between two screens depends on flexible fpc, and the increase in the number of cameras increases fpc, while at the same time increasing the use of fpc.
More demands are placed on fpc to bend. The rapid development of the products that ai such as glasses can wear brings a new growth point for fpc, whose unique physical properties enable it to achieve not only the comfort of wearing the products, but also multiple functions in a limited space. According to Prismark
The fpc market is projected to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent between 2024 and 2029, and the global market is projected to grow to $15.617 billion by 2029. As the world ' s largest manufacturer of fpc products, the global market for company fpc products has a global market share of over 30 per cent.
Development opportunities, companies are expected to take full advantage of their leadership in the fpc industry, keep pace with the boom in the development of products at the end of the land, further expand the market share of niche products, consolidate the corporate market, and, with the strong growth of the demand for ai servers, high-end high-density interconnectivity (hdi)
Products have become one of the fastest-growing types of products in the pcb industry. Hdi occupies a place in consumer electronics with its high density and reduced plate size. The performance of the one server on the pcb product has increased, including the increase in the number of layers, the increase in density and the speed of transmission.
1. The acceleration of the technology-client-productivity trio, and the acceleration of the card-side, has further boosted the significant growth in demand in the hdi market. According to the Prismark report, the global hdi market grew by 18.8 per cent in 2024, reaching a market size of US$ 12,518 billion.
2. In the third quarter, with a bright eye, it is expected that the average annual compound growth rate of the aiphone hdi market will reach 6.4 per cent, and global market size is projected to be strong by 2029.
This will increase to $17.37 billion. Companies have accumulated extensive experience in the consumption of electronic hdi, and have developed the capacity to produce 3-8 steps of hdi products, especially high-level hdi and slp products.
The market opportunities offered by upgrading are, on the one hand, committed to cutting high-end hdi products into the ai-services market and actively promoting product certification with known manufacturers: at the same time, the company is expanding its development and cooperation with cloud-related server producers in aaisic-related products to enhance the presence of corporate products in ai
The server market is competitive. Since 2024, the company ' s slp product has successfully entered the 800g/1.6t light module area. Since 2025, with the rapid growth of the 800g/1.6t light module product, new growth points have been created for the product in question. In addition, the company ' s 3.2t product has also grown.
The company has accelerated its investment in high-level hdi and slp products in the production and distribution of energy. The first phase of the Thai plant was completed and started testing in May 2025, with products serving mainly the areas of i-server, vehicle-borne and light communications, and currently, servers and light modules.
At the same time, the construction of the second phase of Thailand’s plant has been initiated. The continued expansion of the global production base will provide a firm with a strong market demand that is less than expected: increased competition in the market: larger customers are less advanced than expected: level of tariff impact.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.