There is a clear sense of confidence in the speed with which the punctuated holdings (002938.sz) capex are moving forward, and Thai factories have successfully imported arithmetic customers with a steady increase in the share of large clients, adding to the efficiency gains and a significant increase in profit margins.
Performance, yielding $16,375 million (yoy+24.75 per cent), net profit to mothers of $1,233 million (yoy+57.22 per cent), Māori rate of 19.07 per cent (yoy+1.1pct) and net interest rate of 7.49 per cent (yoy+1.52pct). Corresponds to single quarter hui2@guosen.com.cn
zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn, on the other hand, continues to drive down efficiency gains and steadily improve the Māori rate. fpc continues to raise market shares and maintain a leading position.
10,268 million (yoy+17.62 per cent), Māori rate 15.98 per cent (yoy-0.31 ptt); the Consumer Electronics and Accounts Division became the core supplier of terminal devices, such as mobile phones, ar/vr, and aai glasses, based on dynamic bending fpc modules and ultra-size fpc group technology, with respect to folding terminals and wearable devices.
In the area of the i server, the company introduced a high-level hdi, which supports the gpu module and high-speed transmission interface, to meet the high-calculation needs of the i server; and in light.
With regard to communications, the company designed high-level msap to target 800g/1.6t light communications upgrade windows and worked with clients to develop the next generation of 3.2t light communication solutions in the area of vehicle pcb products
Hdi products that are resistant to high temperatures and vibrating to specific requirements of car pcb. Capex guidelines are re-repaired and overseas plants are scheduled to land. 1h25 investment projects are well under way, Thai plant phase 1 servers and light modules have been certified by relevant customers, and phase 2 plants have been certified.
The construction of houses has also begun; Taiwan ' s high-level soft-board production line has entered the test stage and "plans to add a high-level product (30l-80l) line; and the level of good production for the first phase of the Xiao An III project has steadily increased, and it is now mainly used in the production of hdi and slp products above 6 steps in the arithmetic field.
In addition, much has been planned to increase capex to more than 7 billion over 25-26 years, nearly 50% of which will be spent on expanding high-level hard-board capacity. Investment proposals: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better rating than the big market.”
Taking into account that the company has increased its capital expenditure and that the current high-end pcb market is in short supply, we're moving up the company's stockholdings (002938.sz) - the whole chain of the layout “Clouds, Pipe, End”ai, capex - the stock of the punctuation (002938.sz) - the new machine is pre-positioned, and we're looking at the company's benefits.
"Better than the big city" rating. "Punt Holdings (002938.sz) - Recovering power loss is remarkable, servers and motor panels are increasing. "Punton Holdings (002938.sz) - Decompression is causing corporate performance pressure, attention is being paid to the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the other, and the other.
Figure 1: Operating income and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 2: Operating income and rate of increase in a single season (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit return and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Māori rates, changes in net interest rates, Figure 6: Changes in cost rates
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author