2025h1 performance over-expected, ai cloud-pipe-end-pcb full-chain layout, puncture (002938.sz) net profit of 2025h1 over-expected, profit forecast up, maintenance of “buy-in” rating
The higher-than-expected growth in performance was due mainly to the company’s continued promotion of mitigation efficiency during the reporting period, steady improvement in the Māori rate, and increased market expansion, and the promotion of new product certification and volume production. With the continued delivery of products in the second half of the year, we believe that the company’s performance has not been positive.
The fpc industry has a strong leadership position, and new product-driven growth such as the one-end wave and folding screens/ai-glasses. The company is the world's largest fpc manufacturer, with a global market share of more than 30 per cent, with not only large-scale production capacity for single-, double- and multi-layered product lines, but also the availability of smt technologies to produce modular products for its clients.
The use of fpc can save limited mobile space, the light-quantified use of folding machines, the increase in the number of cameras, the development of wearable products such as ai glasses, etc., bring new growth space for the fpc industry. With the fpc industry’s leading position, the company is expected to further expand the market share of the product.
The associated income is expected to grow rapidly. High-end hdi cuts into the server and light module fields, moving towards a cloud-pipe-end industry chain layout, i server pcb moving towards more layers, higher density, faster transmission, etc.
Demand has grown considerably. The company has extensive experience in consumer electron hdi, has developed capacity to produce 3-8 steps of hdi, and is leading the industry in the technology and volume capacity of slp products. Currently, the company is entering the ai server market with high-end hdi products, actively promoting product certification with well-known servers in the industry, and with csp manufacturers.
In the light module, the company slp has cut into 800g and 1.6t module collars/server space -- corporate updates
In 2025, the company Huai An 3rd Hdi and Slp Divisions became operational in 2025, and the Gao Yu Park is expected to produce large volumes in the season. At the same time, the company ' s Thailand Park Phase 1 is expected to produce large volumes.
The plant was tested in May, and the products served mainly in the areas of ai servers, vehicles, and light communications, and are currently in service.
The continued expansion of the base will provide a solid basis for the company to achieve the whole chain layout of the ai-cylinder-end. “Breaks of 20242 increased by the same year, accelerating the layout.”
Stephdi and slp - Corporate Information Update Report