宁德时代 Contemporary Amperex Technology (300750 CH)
21&22Q1 财务要点分析:毛利率承压，看好长期盈利改善
Commentary on Annual & 1Q Report: Gross Profit Margin is Under
Pressure, Optimistic about Long-Term Profit Improvement
张一弛 Yichi Zhang
热点速评 Flash Analysis
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
一、公司 22Q1 因做空镍而亏损?
公司 21 年报公示套期工具披露规则如下: 套期工具产生的利得或损失中属于套期有效的部分, 作为现金
流量套期储备,计入其他综合收益。属于套期无效的部分(即扣除计入其他综合收益后的其他利得或损
失), 计入当期损益。举例来说, 假设公司 Q1 需要使用 1000 吨镍, 期货上套保 1000 吨, 那么这 1000 吨
全部属于有效部分,盈亏都进入资产负债表,不影响利润;但如果套保了2000吨,多余的1000吨,盈亏
将进入投资收益,从而影响利润表。21年报显示,有效部分亏损7.7亿元,无效部分亏损0.1亿元;22年
一季报显示,有效部分亏损 11.8 亿元,无效部分投资收益没有细分数据,但总数为正。因此,22 年一季
度可能存在套保有亏损，但被其他投资收益的增加对冲的可能，只能说投资收益总数是正的，没有被大幅
拖累。
二、公司库存有多少?
我们从两个角度分析: 1、现金流, 2、存货。
1、现金流角度
理想状态下，当期买的原材料当期用掉，0 库存的话，不考虑票据等（宁德可能主要用票据结算，但票据
和应付账款看不到每个季度的期间数，只有时点数，无法对比），那当期购买商品、劳务付出去的现金应
该和当期营业成本差不多（当然用直接材料成本更准确，但没有细分的季度数据，且公司 21 年直接材料
占到营业成本的84%)。
自 21Q4 开始，公司营业成本大于付出现金，购买量大于使用量，说明公司在使用库存的原材料。21Q3 营
业成本大幅小于付出现金，使用量远小于购买量，说明这个阶段集中累积了原材料库存。21Q4 营业成本
再一次超过付出现金，表明公司在使用 Q3 的库存原材料,这也能解释为何公司的 Q4 毛利率、净利率能基
本保持稳定。22Q1 营业成本基本等于付出现金，表明公司使用库存原材料的占比下降，市场采购的占比
提升,可以部分解释公司毛利率、净利率的大幅下滑。
本研究报告由海通国际分销，海通国际是由海通国际研究有限公司，海通证券印度私人有限公司，海通国际株式会社和海通国
际证券集团其他各成员单位的证券研究团队所组成的全球品牌，海通国际证券集团各成员分别在其许可的司法管辖区内从事证
the disclaimer)
2、存货角度
21 年报
(后文将会分析)公司出于审慎原则,计提了“本不该计提”的跌价准备,所以上表中“账面余额”更
接近真实情况。
先看总额，存货环比+15%，而营业成本环比+103%（因公司存货主要是商品，所以直接采用营业成本对
比），侧面说明 Q4 确实消耗了较多库存，与上文现金流分析一致。虽然本季度的存货可能是下季度的成
本，但每月滚动起来，这个差距不应很大，Q1 用到的低价库存是不多的，因而成本上涨。
再看存货结构,我们分两类:
1、原材料 (碳酸锂等): 约80亿, 同比+215%。
2、商品(在成品、库存商品、发出商品等、半成品等): 共约310亿,同比+166%。
原材料增加的比商品多，即去年碳酸锂等存货增加比电池存货增加更多。
22Q1 没有披露详细结构，但存货总额是创新高的 616 亿元。同时 21Q1 存货环比+43%，同期营业成本环
比-3%, 所以 22Q1 库存再次大幅增加。
海通國際HAITONG
公司存货增加的是原材料还是电池?
按照前述分析，因为 Q4 消耗量大量原材料，且 Q1 原材料价格已处在高位，囤积原材料的成本较高，所
以我们推断主要是电池存货增加,这也能解释公司 22Q1 收入环比-15%的原因。公司对此的解释为海外
存在运输、排产问题，同时国内有疫情影响下游车厂的收货。简言之，公司生产了电池，但是难以及时
发货至客户或已发货但没有到确认收入的状态，导致库存骤增，收入环比下滑。我们推测其中海外的影
响更大，因为船期、路途等更困难，而影响更大的海外客户的电池恰恰是金属联动可顺价的，而影响较
小的国内客户电池恰恰是 Q1 大部分没有顺价的,因而整体毛利率压力更大。我们认为,这是 Q1 业绩低
于预期的主要原因。
三、存货减值准备: 未来有望冲回
也说了), 具体来看: 当年原材料是没有计提减值的, 反而有转回, 因为原材料明显是在一直上涨的,
合理。而电池（商品）有计提也有转回，因为 21Q4 还没有正式涨价，所以可能公司还是按照电池价格年
降去处理, 计提了, 因为 20 年报也计提了 8 个亿(当年存货价值只有 2021 年的 1/3)。
但 2021 一季报中资产减值基本为零，具体存货的明细我们看不到，那 Q4 的 20 亿有转回吗? 从 22Q1 开
始陆续电池涨价看，应该是要转回的，至少确定涨价的部分是应该要转回的。如果有部分大客户的特定
型号电池，还无法涨价，那可能还没有转回，如果没有转回，那么可能是未来盈利回升的一个潜力。
四、公司 Q1 由股票投资导致亏损?
股票价值波动对利润表的影响仅体现在投资收益和公允价值变动损益。公司年报显示，公允价值变动始
终为 0。投资收益中与股价变动相关的科目包括交易性金融资产在持有期间的投资收益（对应股价变
动)、以摊余成本计量的金融资产确定终止确认收益(对应股票出售)、部分股权投资不具备重大影响
后,按公允价值重新计量的利得(对应减持股票,如 20%以上减持到 5%,则这 5%按公允价值计价,与
股价相关)而投资收益 2021 年为盈利、2022Q1 也未亏损,我们推测主要是由于参股公司的出售和效益
提升，但同时也存在亏损被其他投资收益对冲的可能。总而言之，从总体上看股票投资未对利润产生较
大的负面影响。
海通國際HAITONG
根据公司 2021 年报，长期股权投资和其他权益工具中部分上市公司，如先导智能、小康股份、北汽蓝谷
等 2021Q1 股价下跌较多，但这两项中的公司只有在利润增减和分红时才会对利润表造成影响，股价波动
对利润表并不会造成影响。
综上所述,股票投资导致 Q1 巨额亏损的可能性很小。
五、如何看待公司后续经营情况?
1. 产量
我们预计 Q1 产量为 60GWh（独资 52GWh+合资 8GWh），销量为 48GWh，其中动力电池 41GWh、储能
电池 7GWh。
排产上看，预计独资厂商 1-3 月排产分别为 18、13、21GWh，考虑到疫情的影响，预计 4-5 月排产分别
为 17、21GWh。预计 Q2 产量为 70GWh(独资 62GWh+合资 8GWh),销量为 60GWh。
全年来看，考虑到疫情的影响，预计 2022 年产量 300-330GWh，销量 280-300GWh。2023 年产销量 400-
450GWh.
2. 成本
根据前述分析，公司目前有 600 亿的库存（推测以动力电池为主），结合 Q1 的 470 亿营业成本，以及
考虑到疫情对出货的影响, 我们推测这部分库存足以覆盖 Q2 的出货量。
万。我们测算，Q1 公司的电池平均成本约为 0.65-0.7 元/Wh，单位 Wh 用碳酸锂约为 650 克，即成本上
涨在 10%以下。
3. 价格
顺价机制方面，海外基本根据金属价格联动（特斯拉除外，但目前已谈定 6 月开始涨价约 10%以上）。
国内电池公司普遍已经完成两轮价格上涨，每轮 10%以上，大部分于 3 月、6 月分别执行，少部分 Q1 已
经开始执行，则 Q2 环比单价上涨应为 10%以上。如果叠加海外完全顺价、储能系统和三元高镍比例可能
提升,单价环比涨幅将远高于10%。
综合成本和价格，我们认为 Q2 毛利率将环比改善。叠加下半年碳酸锂新增供给增加，锂价可能出现短期
下跌,预计公司盈利将逐步回到 0.1 元/Wh 水平。
公司为锂电池龙头，我们长期看好公司的产业链布局+全球份额增长+产品技术领先等能力，我们预计公
司 2022-23 年出货 280、450GWh,对应净利润 261、424 亿元,2022、2023 年 38、24 倍 PE,长期推
Summary
Company's annual report and 1Q report show that shorting nickel caused a certain loss, but it did not significantly drag down the
performance. From the perspective of inventory, the company's 1Q performance was affected by the epidemic, resulting in
inventory accumulation and a decline in gross profit margin. We believe that the company's inventory impairment is too prudent,
and there is room for 2 billion yuan to be recovered in the future. The probability of incurring a huge loss due to investing in
stocks is trivial.
附录 APPENDIX
重要信息披露
本研究报告由海適国际分销，海通国际是由海通国际研究有限公司(HTIRL)，Haitong Securities India Private Limited (HSIPL)，Haitong International Japan K.K. (HTIJKK)和海通国际证券有限公
司(HTISCL)的证券研究团队所组成的全球品牌，海通国际证券集团(HTISG)各成员分别在其许可的司法管辖区内从事证券活动。
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International, a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"), Haitong Securities India Private
Limited ("HSIPL"), Haitong International Japan K.K. ("HTIJKK"), Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL"), and any other members within the Haitong International Securities
Group of Companies ("HTISG"), each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective jurisdiction.
我， 张一弛，在此保证（j）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ji）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中
表达的具体建议或观点直接或间接相关；及就此报告中所讨论目标公司的证券，我们（包括我们的家属）在其中均不持有任何财务利益。I, Yichi Zhang, certify that (i) the views
expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about any or all of the subject companies or issuers referred to in this research and (ii) no part of my compensation was, is or
will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research report; and that I (including members of my household) have no financial interest in the
security or securities of the subject companies discussed.
利益冲突披露 Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和/或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系的披露事项（以下披露不能保
HTI and some of its affiliates may engage in investment banking and / or serve as a market maker or hold proprietary trading positions of certain stocks or companies in this research report. As far
as this research report is concerned, the following are the disclosure matters related to such relationship (As the following disclosure does not ensure timeliness and completeness, please send an
评级定义(从2020年7月1日开始执行):
评级分布 Rating Distribution
海通国际(以下简称“HTI”)采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公
司: 优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读 HTI 的评级定义。并且
策应基于各自情况 (比如投资者的现有持仓)以及其他因素。
优于大市，未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在 10%以上，基准定义如
中性,未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大,基准定义如下。根据
FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则, 我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市，未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在 10%以上，基准定义如
各地股票基准指数: 日本 - TOPIX, 韩国 - KOSPI, 台湾 - TAIEX, 印度 -
Nifty100, 美国 - SP500; 其他所有中国概念股 - MSCI China.
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020):
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform,
Neutral, or Underperform for recommending the stocks we cover to
investors. Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings
used in Haitong International Research. In addition, since Haitong
International Research contains more complete information concerning
the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Haitong International
Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.
In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as
investment advice. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should
depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing
holdings) and other considerations.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark,
as indicated below.
Neutral: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected
to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as
indicated below. For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution
rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
Underperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark,
as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan - TOPIX,
Korea - KOSPI, Taiwan - TAIEX, India - Nifty100, US - SP500; for all
other China-concept stocks - MSCI China.
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据 FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义(直至2020年6月30日):
买入,未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上,基准定义如下
中性，未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据 FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出,未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上,基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本 - TOPIX, 韩国 - KOSPI, 台湾 - TAIEX, 印度 - Nifty100; 其他所有中国概念股 - MSCI China.
BUY, Neutral, and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform, Neutral, and Underperform.
For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table above.
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020):
BUY: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
NEUTRAL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. For
purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
SELL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan - TOPIX, Korea - KOSPI, Taiwan - TAIEX, India - Nifty100; for all other China-concept stocks - MSCI China.
海通国际非评级研究: 海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告，并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。这种排名或建议价格并非为
Haitong International Non-Rated Research: Haitong International publishes quantitative, screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and other metrics or may
suggest prices based on possible valuation multiples. Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or fundamental values and are for information only.
海通国际 A 股覆盖：海通国际可能会就沪港通及深港通的中国 A 股进行覆盖及评级。海通证券（600837.CH），海通国际于上海的母公司，也会于中国发布中国 A 股的研究报告。但
是，海通国际使用与海通证券不同的评级系统，所以海通国际与海通证券的中国Ａ股评级可能有所不同。
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares: Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with Shanghai and Shenzhen. Haitong
Securities (HS; 600837 CH), the ultimate parent company of HTISG based in Shanghai, covers and publishes research on these same A-Shares for distribution in mainland China. However, the
rating system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks.
海通国际优质 100 A 殿（Q100）指数：海通国际 Q100 指数是一个包括 100 支由海通证券覆盖的优质中国 A 股的计量产品。这些股票是通过基于质量的筛选过程，并结合对海通证券
A股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对 Q100 指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index: HTI's Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at HS in Shanghai. These stocks
are carefully selected through a quality-based screening process in combination with a review of the HS A-share team's bottom-up research. The Q100 constituent companies are reviewed
quarterly.
担保或保证此处任何数据的原创性，准确性和/或完整性，并明确表示不作出任何明示或默示的担保，包括可商售性和针对特定目的的适用性。该信息只能供阁下内部使用，不得以任
何形式复制或重新传播，并不得用作任何金融工具、产品或指数的基础或组成部分。此外，信息本质上不能用于判断购买或出售何种证券, 或何时购买或出售该证券。即使已被告知可
能造成的损害, ESG 方均不承担与此处任何资料有关的任何错误或遭漏所引起的任何责任，也不对任何直接、间接、特殊、惩罚性、附带性或任何其他损害赔偿（包括利润损失）承担
任何责任。
MSCI ESG Disclaimer: Although Haitong International's information providers, including without limitation, MSCI ESG Research LLC and its affiliates (the "ESG Parties"), obtain information (the
"Information") from sources they consider reliable, none of the ESG Parties warrants or guarantees the originality, accuracy and/or completeness, of any data herein and expressly disclaim all
express or implied warranties, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Information may only be used for your internal use, may not be reproduced or
redisseminated in any form and may not be used as a basis for, or a component of, any financial instruments or products or indices. Further, none of the Information can in and of itself be used to
determine which securities to buy or sell or when to buy or sell them. None of the ESG Parties shall have any liability for any errors or omissions in connection with any data herein, or any liability
for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages.
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称“本公司”）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及完整性不作任何保证。对公司
的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表
述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最初发布本数据日期当日的判
断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本数据（如耐务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业
绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性目的，不得对本数据进行修
改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造
成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer: Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms before using SusallWave FIN-
ESG Data Service.
FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (In short, SusallWave)'s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information. SusallWave shall not be responsible
for any accuracy and completeness of the information. The assessment result is for reference only. It is not for any investment advice for any individual or institution and not for basis of
purchasing, selling or holding any relative financial products. We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data.
SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data. When using the data, recipients shall make your own independent judgment according to your practical
individual status. The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day. We have right to update and amend the data and release other data that contains inconsistent
contents or different conclusions without notification. Unless expressly stated, the data (e.g., financial performance data) represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be
viewed as the prediction of future return.
The copyright of this data belongs to SusallWave, and we reserve all rights in accordance with the law. Without the prior written permission of our company, none of individual or
institution can use these data for any profitable purpose. Besides, none of individual or institution can take actions such as amendment, replication, translation, compilation, re-editing, adaption,
deletion, abbreviation, excerpts, issuance, rent, exhibition, performance, projection, broadcast, information network transmission, shooting, adding icons and instructions. If any loss of
SusallWave or any third-party is caused by those actions, users shall bear the corresponding compensation liability. SusallWave shall not be responsible for any loss.
If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (e.g. User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website, User Service (including authentication)
Agreement of SusallWave Website, Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website), it should be executed according to other agreements. If there is any difference between this disclaim and other
agreements, this disclaimer shall be applied.
非印度证券的研究报告：本报告由海通国际证券集团有限公司（“HTISGL”）的全资附属公司海通国际研究有限公司（“HTIRL”）发行，该公司是根据香港证券及期货条例（第 571 章）
持有第4类受规管活动（就证券提供意见）的持牌法团。该研究报告在HTISGL的全资附属公司 Haitong International (Japan) K.K. (“HTIJKK”）的协助下发行，HTIJKK是由日本关东财务
局监管为投资顾问。
印度证券的研究报告：本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受 Securities and Exchange Board of India（“SEB!”）监管的 Haitong Securities India Private Limited（“HTSIPL”）所发
行，包括制作及发布涵盖 BSE Limited（“BSE”）和 National Stock Exchange of India Limited（“NSE”）上市公司（统称为「印度交易所」）的研究报告，HTSIPL于 2016 年 12 月 22 日被收
购并成为海通国际证券集团有限公司("HTISG")的一部分。
所有研究报告均以海通国际为名作为全球品牌，经许可由海通国际证券股份有限公司及/或海通国际证券集团的其他成员在其司法管辖区发布。
完整的内容, 本文件并
非/不应被解释为对证券买卖的明示或暗示地出价或征价。在某些司法管辖区，本文件中提及的证券可能无法进行买卖。如果投资产品以投资者本国货币以外的币种进行计价，则汇率
变化可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应
计、金融和其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG 及其董事、雇员或代理人对此均不
承担任何责任。
HTISG 的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向 HTISG 的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论意见或交易策略。HTISG 可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不
一致的投资决策。但 HTIRL 没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建议。
营证券交易的第 2241 条规则之限制。
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER
For research reports on non-Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Haitong International Securities
Group Limited ("HTISGI") and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong,
with the assistance of Haitong International (Japan) K.K. ("HTIJKK"), a wholly owned subsidiary of HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan.
For research reports on Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange Board of India
("SEBI") registered Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") (collectively referred to as "Indian Exchanges"). HSIPL was acquired and became part of the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies
("HTISG") on 22 December 2016.
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL") and/or any other
members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions.
The information and opinions contained in this research report have been compiled or arrived at from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith but no representation or warranty, express
or implied, is made by HTIRL, HTISCL, HSIPL, HTIJKK or any other members within HTISG from which this research report may be received, as to their accuracy, completeness or correctness. All
opinions expressed herein are as of the date of this research report and are subject to change without notice. This research report is for information purpose only. Descriptions of any companies
or their securities mentioned herein are not intended to be complete and this research report is not, and should not be construed expressly or impliedly as, an offer to buy or sell securities. The
securities referred to in this research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions. If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investor's home
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Certain transactions, including those involving
derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should also bear in mind that recommendations in this research report are not tailor-made for you. The analyst
has not taken into account your unique financial circumstances, such as your financial situation and risk appetite. You must, therefore, analyze and should, where applicable, consult your own
legal, tax, accounting, financial and other professional advisers to evaluate whether the recommendations suits you before investment. Neither HTISG nor any of its directors, employees or agents
accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report.
HTISG and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document, will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as
principal in, and buy or sell, the securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research report. Sales, traders, and other professionals of HTISG may provide oral or written market commentary
or trading strategies to the relevant clients and the companies within HTISG that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research report. HTISG may make investment
decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research report. HTI is under no obligation to ensure that such other trading decisions, ideas or
recommendations are brought to the attention of any recipient of this research report.
interest with respect to Research.
Non U.S. Analyst Disclosure: The HTI analyst(s) listed on the cover of this Research is (are) not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA and are not subject to U.S. FINRA Rule
2241 restrictions on communications with companies that are the subject of the Research; public appearances; and trading securities by a research analyst.
分发和地区通知:
除非下文另有规定，否则任何希望讨论本报告或者就本项研究中讨论的任何证券进行任何交易的收件人均应联系其所在国家或地区的海通国际销售人员。
香港投资者的通知事项：海通国际证券股份有限公司(“HTISCL”)负责分发该研究报告，HTISCL 是在香港有权实施第 1 类受规管活动（从事证券交易）的持牌公司。该研究报告并不构成
《证券及期货条例》（香港法例第 571 章）（以下简称“SFO”）所界定的要约邀请，证券要约或公众要约。本研究报告仅提供给 SFO 所界定的“专业投资者”。本研究报告未经过证券及
期货事务监察委员会的审查。您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系 HTISCL 销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项: 本研究报告由 HTIRL，HSIPL或 HTUKK 编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTUKK 以及任何非 HTISG 美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美国关于研究报告编制和研
究分析人员独立性规定的约束。本研究报告提供给依照 1934 年“美国证券交易法”第 15a-6 条规定的豁免注册的「美国主要机构投资者」（“Major U.S. Institutional Investor”）和「机构
投资者」（"U.S. Institutional Investors"）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. （"HTI USA"） 将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告
（212）351-6050。 HTI USA 是在美国于 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission（“SEC”）注册的经纪商，也是 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.（“FINRA”）的成员。 HTIUSA
不受美国法规的约束，有关非美国证券或相关金融工具的信息可能有限制。外国公司可能不受审计和汇报的标准以及与美国境内生效相符的监管要求，本研究报告中以美元以外的其
他货币计价的任何证券或相关金融工具的投资或收益的价值受汇率波动的影响，可能对该等证券或相关金融工具的价值或收入产生正面或负面影响。美国收件人的所有问询请联系：
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below, any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTI's research should contact the Haitong
International salesperson in their own country or region.
Notice to Hong Kong investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL"), which is a licensed corporation to carry on Type 1 regulated
activity (dealing in securities) in Hong Kong. This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation to the public within the meaning of the SFO. This
research report is only to be circulated to "Professional Investors" as defined in the SFO. This research report has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission. You should not
make investment decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this research report. Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, the research report.
Notice to U.S. investors: As described above, this research report was prepared by HTIRL, HSIPL or HTIJKK. Neither HTIRL, HSIPL, HTIJKK, nor any of the non U.S. HTISG affiliates is registered in the
United States and, therefore, is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of research analysts. This research report is provided for distribution
to "major U.S. institutional investors" and "U.S. institutional investors" in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. When distributing research reports to "U.S. institutional investors," HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports. Any U.S. recipient of this research report
wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong International
Securities (USA) Inc. ("HTI USA"), located at 340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10173, USA; telephone (212) 351 6050. HTI USA is a broker-dealer registered in the U.S. with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research
report nor for the analysis contained therein. Under no circumstances should any U.S. recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell
securities or related financial instruments directly through HSIPL, HTIRL or HTIJKK. The HSIPL, HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with FINRA and, therefore, may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by
a research analyst account. Investing in any non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain risks. The securities of non-
U.S. issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to U.S. regulations. Information on such non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Foreign companies may not be
subject to audit and reporting standards and regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect within the U.S. The value of any investment or income from any securities or related financial
instruments discussed in this research report denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value of
or income from such securities or related financial instruments. All inquiries by U.S. recipients should be directed to:
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
中华人民共和国的通知事项：在中华人民共和国（下称“中国”，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用的中国法律法规而收到该材料的
人员方可使用该材料，并且根据相关法律法规，该材料中的信息并不构成“在中国从事生产、经营活动”。本文件在中国并不构成相关证券的公共发售或认购。无论根据法律规定或其
他任何规定，在取得中国政府所有的批准或许可之前，任何法人或自然人均不得直接或间接地购买本材料中的任何证券或任何实益权益。接收本文件的人员须遵守上述限制性规定。
加拿大投资者的通知事项: 在任何情况下该等材料均不得被解释为在任何加拿大的司法管辖区内出售证券的要约或认购证券的要约邀请。本材料中所述证券在加拿大的任何要约或出
售行为均只能在豁免向有关加拿大证券监管机构提交招股说明书的前提下由 Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. （“HTI USA”）予以实施，该公司是一家根据 National Instrument
31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations（“NI 31-103”）的规定得到 「国际交易商豁免」（“International Dealer Exemption”）的交易商，位于艾
伯塔省、不列颠哥伦比亚省、安大略省和魁北克省。在加拿大，该等材料在任何情况下均不得被解释为任何证券的招股说明书、发行备忘录、广告或公开发行。加拿大的任何证券委
员会或类似的监管机构均未审查或以任何方式批准该等材料、其中所载的信息或所述证券的优点，任何与此相反的声明即属违法。在收到该等材料时，每个加拿大的收件人均将被视
为属于 National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 第 1.1 节或者 Securities Act (Ontario)第 73.3(1)节所规定的「认可投资者」（“Accredited Investor”），或者在适用情况下 National
Instrument 31-103 第 1.1 节所规定的「许可投资者」（“Permitted Investor”）。
新加坡投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由 Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd（“HTISSPL”）[公司注册编号 201311400G] 于新加坡提供，HTISSPL是符合《财务顾问法》
(第 110 章) ("FAA") 定义的豁免财务顾问，可 (a) 提供关于证券、集体投资计划的部分、交易所衍生品合约和场外衍生品合约的建议(b) 发行或公布有关证券、交易所衍生品合
约和场外衍生品合约的研究分析或研究报告。本研究报告仅提供给符合《证券及期货法》（第 289 章）第 4A 条项下规定的机构投资者。对于因本研究报告而产生的或与之相关的任何
问题，本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与 HTISSPL 联系：
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd
(1) 条, 第 17-11 (1) 条的执行及相关条款)。
英国及欧盟投资者的通知事项：本报告由从事投资顾问的 Haitong International Securities Company Limited 所发布，本报告只面向有投资相关经验的专业客户发布。任何投资或与本报
告相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities Company Limited 的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可
能超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的 0.5%。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项： Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited 和 Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited 分别根据
澳大利亚证券和投资委员会（以下简称“ASIC”）公司（废除及过度性）文书第 2016/396 号规章在澳大利亚分发本项研究，该等规章免除了根据 2001 年《公司法》在澳大利亚为批发客
该等法律与在澳大利亚所适用的法律存在差异。
印度投资者的通知事项：本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受 Securities and Exchange Board of India（“SEBI”）监管的 Haitong Securities India Private Limited（“HTSIPI”）所
发布，包括制作及发布涵盖 BSE Limited（“BSE”）和 National Stock Exchange of India Limited（“NSE”）（统称为 「印度交易所」 ）研究报告。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
版权所有:海通国际证券集团有限公司 2019年。保留所有权利。
People's Republic of China (PRC): In the PRC, the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations.
Further, the information on the research report does not constitute "production and business activities in the PRC" under relevant PRC laws. This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security, whether by sale or subscription, in the PRC. Further, no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
without obtaining all prior PRC government approvals or licenses that are required, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this research are required to observe
these restrictions.
Notice to Canadian Investors: Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of
Canada. Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities
regulators and only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc., a dealer relying on the "international dealer exemption" under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements,
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations ("NI 31-103") in Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec. This research report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a
prospectus, an offering memorandum, an advertisement or a public offering of any securities in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any
way passed upon this research report, the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence. Upon receipt of this
Prospectus Exemptions or, in Ontario, in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable, and a "permitted client" as such term is defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103, respectively.
Notice to Singapore investors: This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd ("HTISSPL") [Co Reg No 201311400G. HTISSPL is an
Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) ("FAA") to (a) advise on securities, units in a collective investment scheme, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-
the-counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives
contracts. This research report is only provided to institutional investors, within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Recipients of this research report are to
contact HTISSPL via the details below in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the research report:
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Notice to Japanese investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ("FIEL") Art. 61(1), Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art. 17-11(1), and
related articles).
Notice to UK and European Union investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited. This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons.
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research. Haitong International Securities Company Limited's affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report. Please be aware that any report in English may have been
published previously in Chinese or another language.
Notice to Australian investors: The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and
Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396, which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an
Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia. A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be
and Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements, which are different from the laws applying in Australia.
Notice to Indian investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI")
registered Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") (collectively referred to as "Indian Exchanges").
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG.
Copyright: Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019. All rights reserved.
Recommendation Chart
Contemporary Amperex Technology - 300750 CH
1. 28 Apr 2020 OUTPERFORM at 133.91 target 147.0.
2. 28 Apr 2020 OUTPERFORM at 133.91 target 147.0.
3. 31 Aug 2020 NEUTRAL at 204.95 target 201.5.
4. 1 Nov 2020 OUTPERFORM at 240.26 target 248.0.
5. 14 Jul 2021 OUTPERFORM at 379.99 target 377.4.
6. 5 Oct 2021 OUTPERFORM at 521.08 target 547.3.
Source: Company data Bloomberg, HTI estimates