High performance growth, sustained innovation in hand orders, rapid growth opportunities for equipment taps — high performance growth for the New Year's Report of the North, continued beneficial import substitution for semiconductor equipment taps, and maintenance of “recommended” ratings
The company’s operating income and net return profits grew at a high rate of 49.5% and 86%, respectively, in 2018. As the company’s equipment continued to develop, the company’s semiconductor equipment sales earnings and profitability continued to increase.
The expansion of the capacity of producers in countries such as storage, China Rainbow Semiconductor will lead to an increase in the national production rate of equipment. Companies, as the best suppliers of high-quality equipment in the class, will continue to benefit from the import substitution of semiconductor equipment.
● The significant increase of 75.7% in revenue from electronics equipment, and the industrialization of the equipment promotion for increased profitability of billions of yuan (yoy+75.7%) are the main drivers of growth in corporate revenue. In 2018, the Māori rate of technological equipment and electronic components increased by 1.52 pct and 5.72 pct, respectively.
The Department ' s R & D investment of 873 million yuan (yoy+18.6 per cent), with a cost-intensive R & D investment of 351 million yuan in industrialization, has led to a sustained increase in the M & D rate, accompanied by an increase in the capitalization of the corresponding R & D costs, an increase in overall profitability, with a net corporate interest rate of 8.51 per cent in 2018 (yoy+0.98pt).
• The demand for semiconductor equipment in the country is expected to maintain a high profile from 2019 to 2020, and the demand for equipment-type products has continued to grow rapidly. Sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China amounted to $13.1 billion in 2018, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period, which is the fastest growing area in the world.
Global semiconductor equipment sizes 621, 596 and 71.9 billion United States dollars between 2018 and 2020, and the future power of China’s market to spend on crystal-crystal capacity building and crystal-crystal equipment. We believe that the Chinese market’s semiconductor equipment for the period between 2019 and 2020 is better than the world’s, with the company’s priority customers, Cube International, Yangtze Storage, Huayung.
The rapid growth in sales of company semiconductor equipment will continue.
• Develop an additional $2.1 billion in capital plus advanced ic equipment to accelerate the pace of import substitution
Capacity, 14 nm equipment has gradually been certified through the mainstream domestic production line.
The project is planned to last 25 months, after delivery.
It is expected that the implementation of the project will enhance corporate performance, upgrade the technical capabilities of the company ' s critical equipment and accelerate the pace of company import substitution.