South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $3.32 billion in 2018, an increase of 49.5 per cent over the previous year; and a return to the status quo ante.
The net profit is 230 million yuan, an increase of 86.1 per cent over the same period. The net return to the mother is in line with expectations. (The three-quarters report shows a significant increase in the year-round collection of industrial equipment and its share in both directions, and the marginal improvement in profitability is evident.)1 In terms of the collection structure, the company collected 2,521 million yuan, yoy + 75.68 per cent of electronic equipment in 2018, and 75.85 per cent.
This compares with an increase of 11.29 pct; electronic components collect 788 million yuan, yoy+3.23 per cent, and electronics equipment is the core driving force behind a significant improvement in performance.2 Foreseeing indicators, at the end of 2018, the company ' s inventory and its pre-paid net profit of 76 million yuan, the first positive in nearly three years, indicating a steady increase in the company ' s own profits.
• Core equipment is well under way and client outreach is expected. Semiconductor equipment has developed a 28 nanometer supply capability in the integrated circuit area, and 14 nanoprocessors are entering the customer process validation phase. The 12 inch 14nm process carving, pvd, ald, etc., are also accelerating the development of equipment.
In 2019, the company added up to $2.1 billion to major funds, among others, to actively pursue the development and industrialization of 5/7 nano-critical equipment, which we believe will be increased in both directions in the future.
*ic, photovoltaic, led, and panels will meet market opportunities, and corporate semiconductor equipment will remain on the rise. 1, ic: Semi expects to invest $12.54 billion in equipment on mainland China in 2019, maintaining its second-largest position globally, with a significant increase to $17.06 billion in 2020. 2, Photovoltaic: photovoltaic
Electricity costs continue to fall + emerging market pull, vacuum equipment benefits from increased investment in the photovoltaic industry, and the share of silicon cells continues to grow.
Oportunidades. The panel area: A decline in panel prices + a gradual increase in the concentration of China’s panel energy + a gradual increase in cost-free electronic penetration, and China’s flats indicate that the size of the industry is expected to continue to expand. In 2019, the common administration faced more favourable conditions in the four main general semiconductor tracks, and semiconductor equipment will continue to grow.
Taking into account the company's high profile for the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, 1. Nord-Hung Kong (002371): Medium- and Medium-Technology of North-Hung Kong vs, full-scale comparative analysis (2019-03-31)
2. North China (002371); Risks in terms of valuation methods; risk of fund-raising investment projects failing to achieve the expected benefits; tubes resulting from the expansion of the company ' s size: semiconductor equipment, for example, in the case of North China.
Risk management, technical upgrade of semiconductor equipment, and cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry. Accelerate the development of 5 and 7 nanomic equipment (2019-01-06)
The target is over-expected and will enjoy the strength of double beta, assuming that 1: Substream customers, Haruko International, Yangtze Storage, Wallow Rainbow and other mainstream production lines are well expanded. Given the 5% increase in the national production rate of equipment per year in a mainstream production line in the country, we expect the semiconductor to be set up in 2019-2011.
Subconductor equipmentasp is at the same rate as in previous years, and the Māori ratio is due to economies of scale and technological upgrades, assuming that 2: vacuum equipment benefits from the expansion of downstream photovoltaic plants, the consolidation of the photovoltaic industry has increased the size of the market for peaceful Internet access, and the volume of vacuum equipment sold in 2019-2021 has increased at a rate of 75 per cent, 70 per cent and 65 per cent, with the latter remaining unchanged.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.