South-West Securities Research and Development Centre • Summary of the performance of the company: in 2019, q1 achieved an operating income of $710 million, an increase of 30.5 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $200 million for the mother, an increase of 29.7 per cent in the same year.
• The performance of semiconductor equipment has risen sharply from a negative cycle and forward-looking indicators have continued to be innovative. 1. At the end of the harvest, corporate q1 receipts increased by 30.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with global semiconductor equipment applications, Ram studies showing a net profit increase of 29.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the median of the performance forecast by 25.0 per cent, as a result of which q1 received
State subsidies account for losses and losses of $4.9 billion in the current period, resulting in a negative net profit deduction from non-mortality.3 The forward-looking target continues to grow at a high rate during the quarter. We judge that the peak of the order is the second half of the year, and the number of potential orders is expected to be equal to last year’s growth in the determinative reservoir, which is a good indication of the rising share of the company’s downstream customers.
• Continued high investment in R & D and steady progress in upgrading equipment technology. The company’s 19q1 season R & D costs 110 million, an increase of 204 per cent over the same period, new R & D projects and increased costing, indicating that advanced process acceleration is a guarantee of future advance payments. The company’s semiconductor equipment now forms 28 nanometer units in the integrated circuit area.
The company's 12 inch 14nm process, etching machines, pvd, ald, etc., are also accelerating the development of equipment, which is being procured by the mainstream industry.
With the development and industrialization of keyic equipment, we believe that the future technological upgrading of the company’s high-end semiconductor equipment will be steadily advanced, with the equipment market rate and equipmentasp going up in two directions. Annually, China’s continental equipment investment is expected to reach $12.54 billion, maintaining its second-largest position globally, in 2020.
Gartner's projected investment in corrosion machines, pvd, ald, firefighting equipment, stand-up stoves and cleaners was 39.1% worldwide in 2017, taking into account the overall growth of the industry in the future, taking into account only the 12 inches of crystal-circle line to be built and under construction in mainland China, etching machines, etc.
The total market size of pvd, ald, fire-fighting equipment, stand-up stoves and scrubbers is over $300 billion, while the company ' s 5/7 nano-equipment project is expected to achieve a total sales revenue of $22.77 billion, with a higher level of certainty of performance, taking into account the company ' s high profile for the domestic semiconductor equipment industry.
Volkswagen North (002371), maintaining high performance, 2. Volkswagen North (002371); Risks in the North of Volkswagen vs, risk in raising funds for investment projects that fail to deliver the expected benefits, management resulting from the expansion of the company ' s size
Semiconductor, full-scale comparative analysis (2019-03-31), risk management, technical upgrading of semiconductor equipment, and risk of cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry.
I: Semiconductor equipment, in the case of North China (2019-03-14) Accelerating the development of 5 nm and 7 nmic equipment
(2019-01-06) The indicators are over-expected and will enjoy the strength of two betas.
As a result of an annual 5% increase in the national production rate of equipment planned for a mainstream production line, we expect the semiconductor set-up for 2019-2011 to grow at a rate of 43%.
The scale of the field has gradually expanded, with vacuum equipment selling up to 75%, 70%, and 65% in 2019-2021.asp has remained intact, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.