We've got a huge increase in electronics equipment, and new products are going well.
Yin-yang grew by 49.53% in the same year, achieving a net profit of $234 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, a significant increase in electronic process equipment. The company focused on electronic process equipment and electronic components in 2018.
Large Business Blocks. The electronics equipment consists of the company semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, lithium electrical equipment, which together generated 2.5 billion yuan, an increase of 75.68 per cent over the same period, and a gross interest rate of 34.72 per cent (+1.52 pt): electronics generated an operating income of 788 million yuan per year.
Growth of 3,23%, Māori ratio of 49,44% (+5,72pct). New semiconductor product development and market expansion have progressed significantly. Corporate 12-time corrosion machines, pvd, ald, single-discharge systems and lpcvd devices entered mainstream power plants on integrated circuits in 2018.
In the field of assembly, led, mems, photovoltaics, new displays, third generation semiconductors, etc., the use of integrated circuit extension equipment technology for the targeted development of etching machines, pvd, diffusion furnaces, pecvd, cleaning machines, etc., applicable to various fields, has been widely applied in the various market segments.
Single-crystal furnaces achieve large-scale deliveries and successfully penetrate international markets; develop heavy-terrestrial crystalline extension automated production lines leading to technological innovations in high-end magnetic material processing; and introduce multi-high vacuum, high-temperature, high-pressure high-end vacuum thermal treatment equipment, which is procured by mainstream industry enterprises.
The semiconductor equipment industry is wide-ranging, and the development of semiconductor equipment companies in the country has a long way to go. According to the Semi report, the global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment in 2018 were $64.5 billion, a record high, up 14 per cent from $56.62 billion in 2017.
US$ 17.71 billion, the world's largest semiconductor equipment market, followed by mainland China, with sales amounting to US$ 13.11 billion, and Taiwan, China, with sales falling to US$ 10.17 billion.
The domestic semiconductor industry has developed into a conflict between the growing demand for production-line equipment and the relative low self-sufficiency of equipment, with domestic semi-conductor equipment companies taking on a heavy responsibility and 40x. The “very recommended” rating is maintained.
3 Uttar Pradesh (002371), semiconductor core equipment, leading industry ups and downs, 2018-05-02, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
NORTH HONG (002371). Electronics are growing dramatically, new products are going well.
China People ' s University, Faculty of Economics, undergraduate and master ' s degree. Three years of financial and media-listed corporate experience, mainly following the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.