In North China, income from semiconductor equipment doubled, non-net profits shifted to $234 million, an increase of 86% over the same period. Corporate income and profits kept growing high, consistent with ours.
The business income of semiconductor equipment, which is owned by the North, has increased by 110% over the same period. The company's business owners are divided into electronics equipment, electronic components products. In 2018, the company achieved 2,521 million yuan in electronics equipment, a 76% increase in the same year, an increase of 1.1 billion yuan in revenue, mainly from integrated electricity.
Road equipment, panel equipment, led equipment for the main battalion, Uttar Pradesh Microelectronics Division Limited (hereinafter referred to as “North Micro”), while electronic parts revenue increased by only 3%. The subsidiary, Uttar Pradesh, achieved $2 billion in 2018, an increase of 111% in the same year, and we estimate that it is mainly integrated circuits.
Revenues from reserve, panel equipment, led equipment, etc. The net interest rate deductions were positive, mainly the increase in the Maori rate of the main business and the decline in the management rate. Companies lost a net profit of $76 million in 2018, while losses of $207 million were incurred during the same period the previous year, resulting in net interest rates after deductions.
From -9% to 2%, there was an increase of 12 percentage points, with a 2 percentage point increase in the Māori ratio from the main business and a 10 percentage point decrease in the administrative cost rate, including R&D costs.
The second phase of land consolidation, the completion of the assets cut and the start of operations in the United States, the pre-public release phase, the first award of the equity incentive program, and the second phase of the equity incentive program will be launched this year. The second half of the global semiconductor industry recovery, coupled with the continued expansion of the continental crystallization plant and the import of alternative spaces, is now well under way.
The company’s semiconductor equipment operations are flexible. Semi’s latest projections are that the global crystal mill will be set up in 2019-2020.
The supplier of semiconductor equipment, which will continue to work with China, China and the United States, among others, on the integrated circuit process, based on industry cycle performance and domestic equipment tender progress, we will project that the year 2019-2020 ps is not progressing as expected from the company's R & D and that downstream customers are not expanding as much as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.