National layout is in place, internationalization opens up new space.
The company achieved an increase of 12.54% in gross operating income in 2018, mainly due to the growth in income from the bone business and the gypsum business.
The price of the original fuel was higher, and the company increased the price of the gypsum sheet based on market conditions, with a combined annual gypsum unit price of $5.85 per square metre, an increase of 7.78 per cent in the same year, while the sales of the gypsum board of the company reached 1,869 million square metres, an increase of 2.64 per cent in the same year. The company achieved a double increase in sales and unit prices.
The company’s light steel bone output is being released gradually, reaching 9.00% of the company’s light steel bone income in 2018, and the synergies with the gypsum products will be further enhanced. By product category, the gypsum, bone, engineering, and labour earned operating income in 2018.
10.33 billion yuan, 1.13 billion yuan and 202 million yuan, respectively. The same-year increase of 10.62 per cent, 26.82 per cent, the cost of raw materials and fuel power for the gypsum plates during the reporting period was 4,467 million yuan and 1,404 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 17.72 per cent and 3.69 per cent, respectively.
▪ The marketing network is highly superior, and the development of green building materials promotes wall-blocking applications. The new North and Tarzan marketing networks have been sunk to major cities and county-level municipalities in the developed regions.
Corporate R & D is strong, with R & D costs amounting to $366 million for the reporting period, an increase of 43.56 per cent over the same period. Sustained technological R & D innovations will enhance the competitiveness of business products, use their own technologies to develop green building materials, and push for wall applications.
At the end of 2018, the company's gypsum board was put into production with a capacity of 2.47 billion m2. The major non-equity investments made by the company involved the construction of 14 gypsum production lines, including Hunan, Ka Hing, Kunming, Tianjin, and four light steel dragon bone production lines.
1. " New materials in the North (000786.sz): a construction project after the production of energy can lead to the production of more than 42,000 m2 of gypsum and 30,000 m2 of light steel bones, with a target of 3 billion m2 of capacity. This includes the new materials industry in the North (Tanzania) with limited public capacity.
In Tanzania, the Division invests in the construction of a cardboard production line.
Slightly down, profit-making is still good. It can be laid, the network is deep, the size of the network is prominent, and internationalization opens up new space for development.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East New materials in the North (000786). National layout in place and internationalization opened up new space. Figure 1: Change in the rate of Maori in the North.
Figure 2: Change in the asset-liability ratio of North Newwood (%): Change in the net asset-return rate of North Newwood (%): Change in the single-quarter net asset rate of return (%): Income from the single-quarter operating income of North Newwood (%)
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the stock exchange.
North Building Materials (000786); Domestic layout, internationalization, opening up new space; Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics; entering the securities industry in 2008; multi-year industrial research experience; 2011 Accompaniment securities; building materials; synthesizing researchers’ own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.