Prices are running out, future demand releases performance elasticity.
The company realized operating income of 2,427 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019, a year-on-year decline.
The decline in the same ratio led to a decline in operating income, which fell by 10 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, a 1 per cent decline in sales and remained largely stable. After the company raised prices in 2017, the company suspended the increase, taking into account changes in the industry environment.
In the first quarter of 2019, the Māori rate for companies was 30.07 per cent, an increase of 1.63 percentage points over the same period of 5.41 percentage points. Of these, the United States cast-plate litigation, Tarzan cast-off, travel, settlement fees raised management costs: the financial cost rate
0.42 per cent, a decline of 0.31 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to lower interest costs due to lower principal and lower interest rates of the company ' s subsidiaries; and lower exchange gains and losses. Given the decline in the company ' s Māori rate and the increase in the cost rate during the period,
The company has become the world’s cast board, the tap company, the construction of a production line near the power plant to obtain devulcanized gypsum raw materials at a low cost, and the conversion of new materials (000786, sz): the domestic layout is in place.
New Materials in North (000786.sz): A single-season performance factor is slightly reduced and profitability is still good. 3. New Materials in North (000786, sz): After the production of energy
4. " New wood North (000786.sz): Green material tap 5. " New wood North (000786.sz): Glypsum head bargaining advantage for higher performance "
The country’s layout is almost complete, raising the company’s overall competitiveness. The use of the cast wall will release demand as the assembly building develops.
As the economy stabilizes, industry demand will gradually improve, favouring growth in corporate performance. High levels, when demand rises back, are highly resilient to performance.
Figure 1: Change in Mäori Rate of New North Building (%)
• Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics, entered the securities industry in 2008, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Union of East European Securities, in construction materials and construction.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.