28 October 2019: on 26 October, the company issued a three-monthly report for 2019, in which it achieved business income of $15.611 billion, an increase of 26.36 per cent over the previous reporting period; the main coal business.
Xiaojie Research Assistant Co. Ltd. showed a slight decline in the production of merchandise coal in the third quarter and a gradual recovery of production in the thong-rich coal industry. The company produced 22,384,000 tons of merchandise coal in the third quarter, representing a decrease of 92,000 tons (-0.41 per cent) in the third quarter of the year: 1,415 million tons (-5.95 per cent) in the ring. Of that amount, the Wu Shein coal industry produced 13,75 million tons in the third quarter, an increase of 714,000 tons (+108.02 per cent) in the same quarter, an increase of 627,000 in the ring.
Tons (+83.82%), production is gradually recovering after the three-quarter joint commissioning of the sulfur coal mine; Ordos can produce 2.76 million tons in the three-quarter period, compared with the projected increase in the performance of the Luang State coal industry (60018.sh) The company's coal price is under pressure for the three-quarter period, followed by or will stabilize. The company's combined sale price of coal in the third quarter was 536.47 yuan per ton, a decline of 48.11 yuan per ton (-8.23%), and the ring ratio.
" Production in the Luang State Coal Industry (600188.sh) is gradually normal, with an incremental effect of 0.2 yuan/tonne (+0.04 per cent); of this sum, the sum of 646.81 yuan/tonne in merchandise coal sold in the third quarter of Shandong, an increase of 61.15 yuan/tonne (+10.44 per cent) in the same year, and the ring drops in the performance of the Luang State Coal Company (600188.sh) outperformed the market
The four-quarter overall price ratio for coal is likely to remain stable.
The company’s primary coal industry \triangleright Sindh Securities Co. Ltd., in the third quarter, has seen a marked improvement in the efficiency of the company’s main coal industry, which has been constrained by pressure on coal prices and a decline in production, as well as a decline in profits in the company’s main coal business in the last three quarters.
cindasecuritiesco., ltd Building No. 1 of House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing; 56.11/tonne (24.89%); 31.57% of tons of coal, 9.12 pt compared to the same period, 10.48 pt compared to the same period.
There has been a marked recovery in profitability, with third-quarter tons of coal in the amount of $45.44/t, an increase of $374.66/tonne (+113.80 per cent) and a rise of $99.69/tonne (+183.75 per cent) in the ring ratio; Ton of coal in the amount of 15.44 per cent, an increase of 139.08 pct, an increase of 31.66 pct. The third-quarters of coal profitability of the company’s other molecules has declined to varying degrees as a result of falling coal prices or rising costs.
In the fourth quarter, the company’s profitability is expected to increase with the scale effects of the expansion of its capacity as two Methanol II projects, with a combined capacity of 1.6 million tonnes/year, in the Xinmong region. The company’s debt burden is low, is high, is resilient, and further expands, improves, and reduces production in response to complex domestic and foreign situations and industry dynamics.
As of the end of the third quarter, the corporate interest-bearing debt was only 30.84 per cent, and the lighter debt burden had increased the company’s ability to resist cyclical fluctuations. In the face of the complex domestic and external situation and industry dynamics, the company offered to focus on coal masters, investing in efficiency gains and accelerating production from the 30-million-ton mine; further optimizing the product structure and improving the efficiency of coal-efficient production; and strengthening cost control.
The implementation of a range of initiatives, such as scaling up production, efficiency, and precipitation, is expected to further enhance the company’s profitability and resilience to risk. The management incentive effect is gradually being realized, and Methanol II is about to come into operation, and we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: short-term volatility of coal prices, risk of safe production, and under-achievement of construction projects. Dr. Wing Wing, China University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the Chinese advisory bank for business auditing and auditing.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.