Incidents: company 2019q1-q3 realized revenues of $3.83 billion, or +21.3 per cent of the year; net returns of $920 million, or +27.5 per cent of the year; net non-returns of $820 million, or +32.1 per cent of the year; actual current revenues of $1.040 billion, or +4.5 per cent of the year; net returns of $250 million, or 3.8 per cent of the year.
q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q4 Q4 performance is expected to pick up at a rate that will continue to grow in the first three quarters, mainly as a result of the continued warming of downstream industries and the increasing competitiveness of the Division ' s products and the continued growth in sales of company products, including the Digger oil tank production
The revenue from the same period increased by 15%, and the income from non-square tank products increased by 8%. 2 subsidiaries of hydraulics, the technology excavators, increased their sales of pump valves significantly, resulting in an increase of 86% in the same year.
At the beginning of the year, excavator sales were exceptionally strong, with downstream mainframes preparing and overstretched some of the city’s demand, while after May, seasonal sales went down, industry demand fell, and the mainframe was mainly in the stocking phase, which in part affected the sale of the company’s excavator tank, the company’s oil for May-July.
Given the company’s emissions since August, the output of the excavator tanks has increased at a rate of over 10% per month, and the ring ratio has continued to rise, and we expect that the q4 performance will be released.  The overall profitability will be maintained at a higher level, with good cost controls.
There has been a decline in profitability, mainly due to a decline in sales of excavator tanks, which has reduced the scale effect, which in turn has a negative impact on the Māori rate. We judge that, with the return of q4 performance, corporate profitability levels will return to normal.
(Sales cost 2.1 per cent compared to 0.7 pc, management cost 3.5 per cent compared to 0.7 pc, finance charges) In addition, companies q3 incurred exchange gains and losses of $47.04 million, and government subsidies of $19.0 million, which resulted in an overall non-recurring gain and loss of 5.686 million, combined with non-recurring losses of the previous three quarters)
Cash flow levels are maintained at a high level and business continuity is maintained at a high level of 380 million during the single season. The number of working days in accounts receivable decreased from 50 days in the same period of the previous year to 42 days; the number of working days in inventory decreased from 121 days in the same period of the previous year to 113 days; and the business cycle
As a result of this reduction, a good return has brought the cash received by the company for the sale of goods and the provision of services in the q3 quarter to $1.29 billion, equal to the q2 ring, maintaining high levels and increasing the health of cash flow.
In the first half of the year, the company’s large and medium-sized dredging pump valves were fully and massively equipped with the mainframes of the major mainframe plants, 1, HCL (601,100): reported and market share increased monthly.
Performance meets expectations, pump valves + new industries with a large number of high-end customers, both in and out of the country: auto hangers, cement pumps, new batches in the field of expansion will smooth the industry cycle.
In addition, the full-scale 6-50 t-level excavators developed in hydraulic technology have been used to turn back horses, 2 and 601,100: Performance.
The company's motors, according to the q3 production, meet expectations, and the center and center dig pump valves have already been released. The business + customer expansion will enable the company to break through the industry cycle and enjoy it.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board