The company issued a three-quarterly report, which generated $3.834 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 21.32 per cent.
Target period: 12 months: 3-quarter high growth in pump valve operations, with excavator tanks affected by stock from the main plant 1 0.40 billion yuan, or +4.5 per cent, in 3-quarters of a single year; net profit to mother 250 million yuan.
The decline in revenue from the excavator tank was mainly due to the market demand for the overdrafting of the mainframe plant at the beginning of the year, and the market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
The company’s sales in July-August were confirmed by the main plant’s inventory. But, according to the production of the excavator tank in August-October, it was basically a double-digit increase, and we judged that the excavator tank performance would normally be released in the fourth quarter, and the company’s overall performance would return to high growth.
Profitability is influenced by product structure, and the quality of the business remains sound The first three quarters of the company has a Māori rate of 36.55%, compared to +0.68pt, with a net interest rate of 23.96% and a net rate of -2pt. The decline in profitability in the first quarter is mainly due to a decline in the Māori rate of the excavator tank and a relatively low Māori rate
The company’s profitability will rise to a new step with the release of the excavator tank in the fourth quarter and the increase in the Māori rate resulting from the size effect of the pump valve product. The net cash flow from the operations in the third quarter will be 380 million, compared to 111%, and the company’s quality will continue to be robust.
The rise of new operations such as pump valves, motors, etc. to replicate the successful path of the tanks is expected to “recreate” a constant "can you carry a big national brand of hydraulics?" 2019.08.29 The company's share of the tanks in mainstream excavators such as Trinity, Carter, Xu, Willow, etc.
In 2018, the company generated nearly 3 billion dollars, or 70 per cent of its gross operating income. Moreover, the company ' s advantage in the non-scaling tank was clearly a stabilizer in the company ' s revenue, and the tank ' s success had created a solid guest for the company ' s pump valve ' s rise by 21.2 per cent at a combined rate of income over the last decade.
The company's pump valve business has invested more than $2 billion. The market for hydraulic valves is bigger, worth about two times that of the tank, and is the main field for high-end products from the global hydraulic giants. The company's pump valve product is already in place.
We believe that in the next three years the company pump valves are expected to replicate the successful path of the tank, and that the profit contribution is expected to be close to or even greater than the tank plate, “recreated” a consistent position as a champion of core assets, maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to practice portfolio investment consultancy, presents the report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.