High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Center Cash flows have increased significantly, and recent growth in platoon production is expected to increase year-round performance Company basics (RMB)
The company published three quarterly reports in 2019, which generated revenues of $3.83 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the previous three quarters; $1 billion, an increase of 4.5 per cent over the same period; and net profit returns of $246 million, a decline of 3.8 per cent over the same period, which was slightly lower than expected. Short-term fluctuations in performance and profitability in the third quarter, with net operating cash flows increasing by 216 per cent.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 36.6 per cent, an increase of 0.8 pct over the same period; the net interest rate was 24 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pct over the same year; the net asset rate of return (disbursement) was 17.7 per cent, an increase of 1.5 pct over the same period.
Corporate cash flows continued to improve, reaching a net operating cash flow of $1.2 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
Excavator tank revenue increased by 15 per cent in the first three quarters and by 3-4 quarters; pump valve revenue increased by 86 per cent
Second-quarter sales are mostly recognized in the third quarter, and companies have seen a slightly lower than expected 15 per cent increase in the first three quarters of the year than in the previous quarter. But since the third quarter, there has been an upswing in the sales of excavators, company production has improved, and we do not expect a pessimistic situation in the fourth quarter and throughout the year.
“Nationally produced taps of hydraulics, pump valve operations driven by hydraulic pump valves: a substantial increase in the sales of subsidiary hydraulic technology pumps, a year-on-year increase in revenues in the previous three quarters — a study by the Helium Hydraulic Corporation”, 2018.12.26.
86%. The small-divide pump valves continue to grow at a high rate, with a new production line in the mid-divide pump, monthly fluctuations in the growth rate of the large-divide valves affected by the stock of three or one, and a significant increase in the share of the city of the medium-divide pump valves compared to the previous year. Non-target products: the revenue of the three-quarter non-flagged tanks increased by 8% on a year-on-year basis. Non-damp hydraulics continue to accumulate customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, customers, etc.
High-altitude platform hydraulics have started to be placed on high-end customers, both in and out of the sea, such as Trex, Zhejiang Dynasty: new bulk packages are available in the areas of car hangings, pumps, etc.
In the short term, the company, as a domestic hydraulic core, is taking out the pump valves, and in the medium- and long-term it is expanding into the non-working area of machinery. Entering Carter’s global supply chain and investing in the establishment of Indian companies are moving from “import substitution” to “supply globally.” The net profit is expected to be $1.215.17 billion in 2019-2021.
▪ Unexpected sales of excavators; less than expected pump valves; higher cost of raw materials; exchange rate fluctuations.