Three quarters is slightly below expectations, and watch the company's long-term constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) - the three-quarter review in 2019.
□ Three quarters of the digger tank business has fallen slightly below expectations The company issued three quarters of the 2019 report, yielding $3.834 billion in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 21.32 per cent over the previous three quarters; 32.08 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter, the company earned $1,041 million, an increase of 4.53 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net profit of the mother is $246 million, an increase of 3.76 per cent, the net profit of the non-mother is $189 million, an increase of the same amount. □ The cost rate continues to decline, and the net operating cash flow has increased significantly as a result of the decrease in the number of tanks under the excavator and the decline in the medium and large one. □ The cost rate continues to decline.
The cost for the first three quarters of the company period was 8.71 per cent, down 0.80 percentage points from the previous period, and the effect of scale increases in corporate income and enhanced repayments.
□ Three quarters of excavator tanks have fallen and four quarters have returned to normal discharge full (601,100): continued high-growth hydraulic taps, while the first three quarters sold about 34.77 million tanks, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period, with sales revenue of $1.62 billion
Medium- and large-digger pump valves were released by 15% over the same period. For the third quarter alone, 92,000 tanks were sold, a 6% drop in the same year.
A decline of about 30%, and a small increase in small digs. Changes in the marketing structure also led to a three-quarter rapid release of excavator tanks _ 20190828, which affected the main plant.
The equipment-manufacturing team has returned to normal and the main plant is ready in 2020, and the demand for the excavator tank has now resumed. The excavator tank is now full of production, reaching 4.7, 50,000 and 50,000 in four quarters.
The demand for the digger tank is strong. □ The non-flood tank is growing robustly, and the platform area for high-altitude operations is progressing well. □ The non-flagged tank is expected to sell about 120,000 units in the first three quarters, a 20 per cent increase over the same period; revenue is 930 million yuan, the same amount.
This is an 8% increase; the crane earns 470 million yuan, or more than half an increase of 7%, and there is a slight decline in the area of the shield. There is a strong demand in the various areas downstream of the non-pollution tank, which is expected to smooth out the dredging tank week ahead. The expansion of the high-altitude platform next year is a cause for concern, and it is expected that the high-altitude platform will be facing an explosion.
So far, the company has supplied jlg in this area, and is expected to supply the country’s high-altitude platform’s leading companies next year to achieve rapid growth. □ high growth in pump valve operations and a faster increase in the Māori rate are expected, with motor operations starting to expand rapidly.
In the first three quarters, the pump valves generated 920 million yuan, a net profit of 170 million yuan, a net interest rate of 19 per cent, an increase in revenue and profits of 86 per cent and 190 per cent. The Māori rate was 31 per cent, an increase of 6 percentage points from the same period.
There is much room for upscaling, and high growth in pump valve operations is expected next year, and the Māori rate is expected to rise to 50 per cent in the domestic hydraulic component area, while reproducing the tank's successful experience, replacing the hydraulic pump valves with new products and new collars.
By 2019-2021, the company is expected to achieve a lower than expected sales of (1) excavator tanks owned by its parent company; (2) medium- and large-scale pump valves and motors are not expanding as expected; and no rating – because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, is not available.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.