The company published three quarterly reports in 2019, which generated operating income of $3.83 billion, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the previous year.
Net profit of 917 million yuan, an increase of 27.5 per cent over the same period; of this amount, q3 quarter revenue of 1,041 million yuan, an increase of 4.5 per cent over the same period, and net profit of 247 million yuan to the mother, a decline of 3.7 per cent over the same period, largely in line with expectations.
The company’s revenue in q1/q2/q3 in 2019 was $390 million, a decrease of 7 per cent in the same year. The main reasons, we believe, were: 1) three quarters of the traditional low season in the excavator industry; 2) July’s output was lower than expected, with short-term effects on sales.
Three quarters of the non-square tank generated around $300 million, compared to the same year, with a relatively full stock of production, application areas, continued breakthroughs, new photovoltaics, military engineering, etc. applications, and a non-specify application extension logic.
The company has recovered significantly since August. We judge that the company’s four-quarter order is either full, the same ratio of production and the ring ratio are expected to grow, with four-quarter performance increasing.
Pump valve performance has continued to grow steadily, with multiple expansions advancing steadily. Corporate pump valve products are rapidly released, and we expect more than a 50% increase in revenues in the last three quarters of the year. Corporate pump valve products have been expanded to a wide range of outcomes, including: 1) dig-up pump valves, which have been successfully extended from small digs to medium-sized digs; 2) application scenes
Continuous expansion, with multiple simultaneous expansions of excavators to high-altitude platforms, swirling rigs, etc.; 3) client breakthrough expansion, starting with domestic clients, and breaking through foreign clients like Doosan. We believe that corporate pumps, increased class of valves + multi-application + client breakthroughs, are expected to contribute as productivity climbs smoothly.
The cost of the company as a whole is 36.55%, an increase of 1.65 pccs, of which the rate of the excavator tank is down the same scale, the pump valves and the non-scaling tank are Māori.
The cost of the company’s first 3q period was 7.1%, with an increase of 0.7 pct over the same year, protecting the currency exchange gains of 10,000 yuan, positive contribution gains, and mainly due to the dollar exchange rate appreciation. The company’s R & D cost rate increased slightly, and continued investment in the Broadband River.
Real estate/capital investments fell at a reduced rate, excavator sales dropped significantly, and untied areas were not expanded as expected.
Figure 2. Corporate operating income increased by 21.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019.
Figure 4. Cost rates have decreased slightly during the company period. Figure 5. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rate levels have continued to increase.
Stereo hydraulic pressure