3-quarterly performance slowed down and medium-term performance did not change upwards Events: companies issued 3-quarterly reports in 2019, with revenue of $3.834 billion achieved by 209q1-q3, an increase of 21.32 per cent over the same period, a net return of $917 million to the mother, an increase of 27.49 per cent over the same period, and an increase in business performance
Gold currents, 1,173 million, an increase of 215.8 per cent over the same period. 3-quarterly performance slowed and operating cash flows increased significantly: the company actually earned 3,834 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 21.32 per cent over the same period, and a net return of 917 million to the mother, an increase of the same year.
27.49% longer; of these, 1,041 million were earned in the first quarter of 2019q3, an increase of 453%, or 0.14pt, in the previous three quarters. The company achieved an operating cash flow of 1,173 million, an increase in the same period.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Tank operations continue to benefit from the high profile of the engineering and mechanical industry and are expected to continue to grow steadily.
At the operational level, according to the company's semi-annual report, the small-dwelling pump valves maintain a high share, and the large- and medium-scale digs are full-scale, with their share increasing monthly, and the dredgers are in the small batch validation phase;
In addition, in non-digger areas such as high-altitude operational vehicles, car hangings, pumps, etc., the start of matching or continued investment, corporate profitability continues to grow and the market share of corporate pump valves is expected to continue to rise in the future.
The boom in the excavator industry is expected to continue, with a upward trend in medium-term performance: in January-September of this year, the steady tile hydraulic pressure (601,100), which sold 17,920,000 excavators in the beneficiary excavator industry, increased by 15.03 per cent over the same period, remained high.
At present, the downward pressure on the domestic economy still requires countercyclical capital investment to stabilize in the short term.
In recent years, there has been an accelerated trend in the start of projects in some parts of the country, and we judge that the volume of machine sales will remain high and that the company will not change its performance upwards in the medium term.
Three-quarterly reports show a slow pace of performance, a constant trend in the industry's climate, industrial research, a mastery of industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives like Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.