High-end hydraulic software tap, national production substrate, 30 December 2019 High-end hydraulic software tap, with robust growth in business performance.
The company’s main business products include high-pressure tanks, high-pressure pedal pumps, hydraulic multi-roads, and a high-end hydraulic tank.
Valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations, high-precision hydraulic castings, etc.; products should be widely used in the fields of excavators, shields, high-altitude platforms, ships, port machinery, wind and solar energy.
The company’s performance is expected to continue at a rapid pace during the quarter of the year.
Production has been saturated, some of the non-marked production lines are still partially occupied by the excavator tanks this year, and the company is expected to continue to grow at a faster pace in 2020.
The city of hydraulic tanks has continued to rise, and the replacement of hydraulic pump valves has accelerated. Since 2019, the city of corporate hydraulic tanks has continued to rise, especially in tanks dedicated to excavators, which now account for more than 50 per cent; the area of high-altitude platforms, shield machines, marine industries, etc., is relatively large.
New sources of energy, military industry, etc. are also in place. With the gradual release of new production capacity from high-altitude platforms such as Zhejiang Dynasty, Xu, China Federation, and Star State Heavy Industries, the number of orders from future high-altitude platforms is expected to grow rapidly. Currently, the market for corporate hydraulic pump valves is around 20%.
Of these, the city of the small-divide pump valves is close to 40%, but only about 10% of the medium- and large-scale digs are expected to accelerate the process of national production replacement of the large-scale pump valves in the future. In general, the price of the single dredger hydraulic pump valves is higher than the hydraulic tank, and the company’s future growth replacement space is still significant.
Beginning at the end of the year, the engineering and machinery industry gradually emerged from the lowlands, benefiting mainly from the demand for real estate, capital investment, and a large stock of equipment entering the upgrading peak period and from the demand for exports from countries along the “one-way” route. After three years of rapid development, the engineering and machinery industry continued to enjoy a high profile.
Rising, we expect a few major drivers of industrial recovery in 2020 to remain strong, and the industrial and mechanical industries are expected to remain high in 2020. Excavator sales are expected to remain high by 2020, but are expected to slow or increase at around 10%-10%.
The excavator market has gradually moved from a high-growth phase to a stable development stage. After-cycle products such as auto cranes, pumps, etc., are expected to remain high during their peak period of renewal in 2020.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.