Stereo hydraulic (601,100): Digger tank dragon, head secure, pump valve support long-term development, rhesus hydraulic pressure.
The company is a company that specializes in the production of hydraulic components and hydraulic systems. The main products include high-pressure tanks, high-pressure column plugs, pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulics.
Billion dollars, a 21.32% increase in the same year, and net profit on return to the mother 917 million yuan, a 27.49% increase in the same year. Test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings, etc. Excavator hydraulic tank taps are strong.
In the first half of the year, the company was responsible for about 46.57% of the company's tap. The company's non-marked line was still part of the company's output.
Yes, we believe that, as the excavator tank’s capacity for non-scaling tank production diminishes, the company’s non-scaling tank sales are expected to be released. Pump valves and motors are in the mainstream shape to support long-term growth.
In addition, the company's 6-50 t-class dredging machine has received a small amount of validation at the mainframe plant, and future production is expected to be released gradually.
In the area of non-diggers, the company has made breakthroughs in high-altitude platforms, seawork hydraulic equipment, etc. Engineering machinery has a wide market of hydraulics, and casting can expand the share of the pump valves. During the first half of the year, the casting division sold 176,000 tons, an increase of 30%, and the company produced two castings in June and October, respectively.
Line production, which is expected to reach 55,000 tons by the end of 2019, provides a solid basis for a further increase in municipal occupancy rates, such as public-sector hydraulic pump valves. The domestic engineering and machinery hydraulics market has already reached more than $30 billion in space, and companies are rapidly emerging in hydraulic tanks, motors, pump valves, but...
The city as a whole is still at a low level, and there is much room for improvement in the future.
The Chinese People's University School of Economics has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanics.
In 2016, he joined the Civil Security and in 2017 he joined the East Hing Securities.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports that PHL (601,100) has a strong and long-term development of the pump valves.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.