Internal needs continue to improve, and see the elasticity of the front-runner's main plant, where the land-based machinery takes the lead in recovery, with the crane & concrete expected to rise back to the bottom in 2025: one earth-based machine: the entry of products such as excavators, loaders, etc. in large-scale housing and infrastructure projects.
Early in sequence; in addition to building infrastructure, rural water, mine machinery, tunnel engineering are also very large downstream, with the application of diversification to enable earth machinery to take the lead in recovery; 2 cranes & concrete: downstream applications are more relevant to real estate, infrastructure, and recovery is subject to a single operation.
The main plant of the country’s taps is the crane, concrete, and excavator, which will rise back and forth from the beginning. ▪ Fiscal and monetary policy guarantees infrastructure, real estate rehabilitation, and lower demand for engineering machinery.
On 17th, the new office will launch a housing portfolio box, which will include, inter alia, the cancellation of restrictions on purchases, the reduction of interest rates on housing funds loans and stock loans, the addition of 1 million new housing units for central and urban areas and the renovation of old and dangerous houses, which will contribute to a steady decline in the real estate market;2 supply side: an increase in local government debt limits on 8 November6
Hundreds of millions of dollars, added to previous policies, directly increased local debt resources by a total of 10 trillion yuan, significantly eased fiscal pressure on local governments, pushed the “land finance” tempo down, helped infrastructure works and urban planning to land, and optimize the supply side. Looking ahead, we believe that such policies will continue to advance.
The engineering and machinery industry is expected to benefit first by stimulating the return of capital and real estate.
Review: Performance is as expected and the quality of the operation is continuous: three-time work is the head of a domestic dredging machine, and the layout of the medium-sized excavator class is deep. In terms of product distribution, Trinity now covers 1.9 to 260 tons of excavator tonnage, especially in the medium-sized and large-scale excavations.
The medium-sized and large-scale excavations are more profitable, and the deep layout of the company in the medium-sized and large-scale excavations will provide greater profit release space during the course of the round. Two cranes & concrete: Triple Work (600031): mid-2024.
The combined share of the three-packed concrete cranes in income reached 44 per cent, and the recovery of the concrete crane plate would release greater profit elasticity and fully benefit from the up-to-date cycle of the round.
• Profit forecasting and investment ratings: domestic fiscal and monetary policy is strong, domestic demand is expected to improve continuously, and it is determined that the engineering and machinery poles will be able to raise profits in the course of the next round. We maintain the company.
A sustained improvement in domestic demand & product structure is expected to be the first to benefit from a recovery in 2024, with the crane still in the bottom-deep phase. 1 earthy machine: products such as excavators, loaders, etc. are in the first order of entry in large-scale housing and infrastructure projects; in addition to building infrastructure, rural water, mining, etc.
The landscapes of mountain machinery, tunnel engineering, etc., are also very large downstream, with the application of diversification to enable earth machinery to take the lead in recovery;2 cranes: downstream applications are more relevant to real estate and the capital industry, and the speed of recovery is subject to a single operating scenario, with 2024m1-9 still at the bottom of the exploration phase.
Figure 1: Market sales of various engineering and machinery products in the country (in units of stations) at the same speed as the same speed — loader — excavator yoy
- Loader yoy, car crane, tower-type crane.
— Automobile crane yoy — tower crane yoy earth mosaics are gradually shifting from small to medium-sized digs. From sales in the 2024m1-9 excavator, digs
The atmosphere is dominated by the following developments: (a) minor excavations have played a major pull effect: municipal engineering + rural water demand (a 30-40 per cent increase in the 10--20-tonne equivalent) at the end of 2023, and small dig machines have a prominent human identity (a 20 per cent increase in the same number of microdiggings); (b) large-scale excavations in mid-29 months: well-structured, medium- and large-scale excavations have a positive impact on corporate profitability; and (c) good watch.
Fiscal and monetary policy guarantees gradual capital and real estate rehabilitation, and lower demand for engineering machinery. Domestic bias toward liberal monetary finance continues to provide security for infrastructure, real estate: at the end of demand: a new launch on October 17 will be launched.
Real estate portfolio boxing, consisting mainly of cancellation of purchase restrictions, reduction of interest rates on housing fund loans and stock mortgages, 1 million new housing units for central towns and villages and dangerous housing improvements, to facilitate a halt to the collapse of the real estate market; 2 supply side: increased local government debt of $6 trillion on 8 November, combined with a direct increase in local debt-diversion resources of $10 trillion, resulting in a significant reduction in previous policies
The supply side is optimized by light local government financial pressure to slow the pace of “land finance” and to help build infrastructure and urban planning. Looking ahead, we believe that such policies will continue to boost infrastructure and housing climates, and that the engineering and machinery industry is expected to benefit first.
1.2. The marginal recovery of the capital estate is expected to lead to a return to high- and medium-dwelling volumes and a high degree of profit elasticity. The number of hours of equipment starting reflects downstream start-up and equipment demand. Since 2024, the number of hours of equipment starting with the mini-sine has been positive, and the number of hours starting with Xu has been equally marginal. Domestic sales show that 2024h1 is domestic.
In March, May, and July, respectively, the same amount was realized. The first half of the year, the number of hours of work started at a slower rate and the volume of sales at a higher rate, mainly due to the lower number of hours of work due to the higher share of small digs and the higher demand for dissociated ones.
Figure 6: In 2023, the Japanese brand sold more than 50% of the Chinese Big Digging product in China, where profit elasticity was significantly greater than income elasticity, and where the marginal recovery of capital estates led to the release of profit. With the potential for profit being significantly better than that of small digs, the effect of the Big Digging recovery was positive for the overall profitability of the engineering and machinery plate.
In the case of three or more workers and Willows, assuming a 10 per cent increase in the same year in 2025 in the gross domestic income of the three or so workers/willows, the share of the two companies in the gross domestic income rose by only 2 pct, but would bring a 6 per cent per cent increase in gross profits, respectively, by three or one: the head of the domestic dredgers, and the layout of the large and medium digs. In terms of product distribution, the current number of excavations is 311.
The tonnage has covered 1.9 to 260 tons, especially the medium- and large-digging product phase is much richer than the industry. The medium- and large-scale excavations are more profitable, and the company’s deep-drawing layouts in the centre and centre-diggering will provide greater profit-free space during the course of the round. 1.3. Land machines are the first to recover, and cranes and concrete are expected to rise back in 2025.
In the debt-diversion context of 2025, look at the housing infrastructure-related cranes and concrete plate elasticity. The domestic taps’ mainframes, where revenues from cranes, concretes and excavators fell by 85 per cent, 85 per cent and 75 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous round.
With domestic fiscal and monetary policy robust, domestic demand is expected to improve continuously, with a combined 44% share of income for a concrete crane of 2024h1,3 1st-heavy, and a recovery for a concrete crane that will release greater profit elasticity and benefit fully from the up-to-date cycle of the current round.
We maintain the company ' s 2024-2026 net return profit forecast as less policy than expected, domestic industry warming less than expected, and seaboarding less than expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.