Cycle growth double-wheel drive, enabling performance restarts growth 10/10/2024 \triangleright
Real estate, infrastructure, and mining needs. On the whole, traditional needs are expected to stabilize in the future, benefiting from policies such as a trillion-dollar increase in public debt and a super-long-term special state debt.
The current dredgers are in relative bottom zone and are expected to enter the upper zone for 27 years. Given the large-scale equipment upgrades and the accelerated phase-out of old equipment, the policy will stimulate some of the newer needs, and the renewal cycle is expected to be advanced. According to the Department of Public Affairs, 24 years of company small dig products have been growing for six months and increasing at a monthly rate.
The global market is well over trillion, and internationalization has given the company the attributes of growth. According to the yellowtable 2024 list, the world’s top 50 engineering machines sold $241.9 billion, of which China’s engineering and machinery companies sell $24.9 billion.
China’s share of the world’s engineering and machinery market is now largely in the hands of national brands, assuming that the global volume of engineering and machinery sales is equal to sales, roughly extrapolating only about 8% of the foreign market share of national brands. Companies have fallen globally since 2006 in many countries, and by the end of 2023 they had been established to cover more than 400.
Overseas marketing channels for overseas affiliates, joint ventures and good agents have covered more than 180 countries and regions. In 2023, the company further upgraded its internationalization strategy to “globalization” 1.
At the income end, corporate income abroad has been growing since 2019, except for a slight decline in 2020, with 2024h1 achieving 23.540 billion dollars in overseas revenues, electrically moving engineering machinery and full-blown company products.
\triangleright,
4. Three heavy jobs (600031.sh) reported in mid-2023 that the company ' s revenue from electricized products had risen from nearly 1 billion yuan to 3,146 million yuan a year, with cagr exceeding 77 per cent.In terms of end sales, domestic excavators had taken the lead in recovery, while companies had dug machines on the domestic market for 13 years in a row.
At the same time, the company’s overseas income patterns, income ratios, profitability, productive layout, etc. are in the forefront of the industry, and are expected to be the champion of the engineering machinery industry, which is based on domestic cycle attributes.
1.1 Step by step, which has become the head of the domestic engineering machinery, was established in 1994 with the support of the Group's “two-way” strategy. More than a billion people were delivered from concrete pumps and established their feet in the engineering and machinery industry. In 2003, 31 members were placed on the market and decided to enter in the same year.
In 2011, the company sold 20,000 excavators, one of the first brands in China’s market. In 2012, the company acquired the first brand of the world concrete, Germany’s Potsmeister, and further strengthened the concrete.
In 2019, according to the Japanese Economic Report, the Trinity Industry became the world's most powerful engineering machine. In 2021, the Trinity factory was successfully selected as the world's first certified lighthouse factory for heavy industry. By the end of 23 years, the company had 33 lighthouse workers.
From 2008 to 2014, the company expanded its operations horizontally, with sculpters, roads, and roads.
After more than 30 years of development, the domestic engineering and machinery industry has become large-scale, and our country has joined the ranks of the largest producers and consumers of engineering and machinery, but at the high end of hydraulic fluids.
The three cores of high-end motors and electrical systems are still subject to foreign constraints, and the required hardware and software facilities for research and development are highly dependent on the outside world, especially in the case of digital analogue software, where there is a temporary lack of a national alternative.
Products, new technologies, low-carbonization, digital intelligence, and globalized products have invested up to $6,101 million in 23 years. Moreover, companies have ensured that research and development innovations continue to be developed, and have done their best in attracting and nurturing talent.
At the bottom, the total number of R & D staff in the company was 8057, of which 42.52 per cent had postgraduate or higher education, providing strong talent security for research and development innovation in the company.
Figure 4: Number of trio-technical R & D personnel and their share of the total number of companies The number of R & D intellectual breakthroughs has led to a significant reduction in the trial cycle. Companies have successfully developed autonomous R & D management systems such as rpm (research and development planning management), rd (research and development project management), and rdpm (research and development performance management).
Normative management and high-quality completion of R & D projects have been achieved. The recently completed R & D business systems, such as tpm (tested management systems) and tos (tested online systems), have resulted in an average 36% reduction in the trial cycle and an average 27.6% reduction in the trial cycle.
Performance three is close to the foreign leader, but there is still a gap in product coverage. Digger masters tend to focus on struggle ratios, engine power, maximum torque, speed of walk, turn speed, digging power, etc. From product performance, domestic producers are close to the foreign leader, and some parameters have been exceeded. But compare Caterpillar and others.
Tons - 660 tons; Trinity Excavator products are 47, with a tonnage coverage of 1.95-120 tons. In the area of microdiggers and large mine excavators, Trinity products have a tonnage coverage that is higher than that of the global flagship Carter.
The proxy model is dominant, including direct sales, agency and financial leases. Unlike other consumer goods, the capital characteristics of engineering machinery result in a direct loss and delay in the progress of work if they fail to be repaired in a timely manner.
At the same time, there is a need for its capital stock and liquidity, risk-management capacity, and service level. The global engineering champion, Caterpillar, is undoubtedly the confluence of the agency model.
And Carter’s agents are independent firms, with an average of more than 50 years of collaboration. Three-way high-quality distributors, with an interest tied up to improve their integrity.
The model of manufacturers’ management of distributors is largely based on the model of management of foreign firms such as Carter and Matsuma, but it is still somewhat different. Since the agency system was re-established only in 2006, it took relatively short periods of time to work with distributors, which, by binding high-quality distributors in the form of equity participation, increased the voice rights of distributors.
Companies continue to work on technological innovation and industrial upgrading, and to upgrade traditional industries. As intelligent technologies move forward and evolve, smart manufacturing evaluation standards and requirements become more stringent, and lighthouse plants do.
In the case of lighthouse plant 3118, the overall automation rate is 76%, with the human ratio rising from 157:1 to 3:1. Compared to the pre-reform period, the capacity of lighthouse 18 plants increased by 123%, the efficiency of personnel increased by 98%, and the cost per unit of manufacture decreased.
In terms of per capita income generation and labour costs, overall per capita income generation is on the rise as the level of smart manufacturing continues to rise, while per capita income generation is on the rise.
The labour cost of single-stage products showed a downward trend. For the period 2019-2021, income per capita was once over $4 million, higher than the global flagship Carter and Matsuma. Since the second half of the year, companies have experienced a decline in per capita income generation and increased labour costs for single-stage products as a result of the downside effects of the domestic cycle.
Fig. 7: The labour cost of the three-by-one single-worker product (million yuan/desk) increased in 23 years, and the Māori rate and net interest rate recovered. Historically, the domestic engineering industry has a clear cyclical nature, with companies as industry leaders, themselves similar to the industry, and companies are profitable.
Since the second half of 21st year, the domestic engineering and machinery industry has entered a downward cycle, with public and private Maori rates, net interest rates and net profits falling. While the industry was still in a downward cycle in 2023, the company ' s Māori rate, net interest rates, and net profits have all been restored, with net profits of about $4.53 billion in 2023.
0.8pt, which we consider to be mainly the result of the continuous increase in corporate automation and the ratio of overseas high-mori business over the past 23 years, has benefited from the continuation of policies such as the increase of 100 billion national debt, the super-long-term special national debt and the cumulative investment in 24m1-m7 capital, real estate and fixed assets in the mining sector of 12.9, 8.3 and 0.8 trillion, respectively.
This represents an increase of 8.14%, 9.8%, 19.30%, and an increase of +0.44 pct, -0.30 pct, and +2.30 pct. Capital and mining have increased at the same rate, with the exception of the still-expanded decline in real estate.
Rural revitalization is a necessary way to achieve Chinese-style modernization. In recent years, villages have revived China’s socio-economic situation.
One of the key strategic directions for development is the development of policies to build high-quality agricultural land and upgrade rural water. Parity is one of the key components of rural revitalization. In 2024, the Central State Council issued a document entitled “Concrete of the Central State Council of the Communist Party of China on the effective and efficient promotion of rural renewal through learning from the experience of the 1,000 Villages Model, the 10,000 Villages Rehabilitation Project”.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued in 2022 the Ministry ' s Guidelines for Promoting the Upgrading of High Standards of Agrarian Reform, which proposed an annual improvement in the country by 2023-2030.
At the same time, it is noted that high-standard acreage is invested in an attempt to reach 3,000 yuan left right, thus extrapolating an average of 105 billion yuan per year for high-standard farm rehabilitation projects. In general, high-standard farm construction includes: 1) land levelling works; 2) irrigation and drainage projects; 3) field road works; and 4) agriculture.
In the case of the 18,000 acres of high-standard agricultural land construction project in the city of Sinthai, the main construction elements of which are (1) land levelling: levelling 931.6 acres; (2) irrigation and drainage: 88 agricultural wells, 5 small rain harvesting facilities, 13 pumping stations, 11.54 kilometres of dredging ditches, 5.81 kilometres of leaching channels, 0.3 kilometres of drainage canals,
It consists of 188 buildings (9 on the farm bridge and 178 on the culvert), marked by 3 signs. (3) Field roads: 15.84 km on the land-farming road and 4.3 km on the production road. (4) Field protection and environmental protection: planting of the forest network 4101m. (5) Field land distribution and distribution: construction of 8.25 km on high voltage transmission lines below 10 kv, low pressure.
The transmission line is 24.6 km, with 24 transformers installed. 1.3 Update cycle is at the bottom, 24h1 sales equal to the normal domestic engineering and machinery cycle is clear. The engineering and machinery industry has a typical cyclical development.
Annual domestic sales have reached an all-time high of 293,000. But, from the second half of 2021, the industry has gradually shifted to the stock market, and, despite cyclical fluctuations, the engineering and machinery industry as a whole has been in the stock market for more than a decade.
The national engineering and machinery market is moving toward a stock market. The phase-out of old equipment is becoming the main source of demand in the market, and the demand-for-up cycle will also be better aligned with the domestic engineering and machinery cycle.
The natural upgrade of the excavator is measured. Assuming that the average useful life is 10 years (the 10 years is basically consistent with the actual use of most engineering machinery in our country today). Although some imported advanced equipment, especially large equipment, has been used for more than 10 years, some have been used for more than 20 years, the condition of the equipment remains normal, taking into account most of it.
The use of the equipment, which we still use in our statistics for 10 years, is measured as follows: First, using IAEM statistics for the year in question + imports for the year in which the same product is imported — exports for the year in question are used as actual domestic sales for the year in question.
Second, the end-of-life ratio of equipment per year under 10 years of life is calculated by reference to the United States inventory curve for engineering machinery, and third, the end-of-life of excavators for each year is calculated on the basis of the end-of-life ratio and the domestic actual sales mentioned above.
Finally, the end-of-life table count for 2027 was calculated by calculating the average end-of-life ratio of excavators sold in previous years over a period of three years.
The Institute of Human Security is currently at the bottom of the renewal cycle and is expected to re-enter the phase-out up zone in 27 years.
According to our calculations, the last round of the high phase-out of domestic excavators occurred in 2021, at about 159,000, but in view of the trend in end-of-life, the current phase-out of excavators is already in relative bottom zone, with a projected 27-year start in the upper zone, with an expected 139,000 in 27 years.
The Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development responded quickly by issuing the Implementation Programme for the Upgrading of Building and Municipal Infrastructure Equipment.
Upgrade of the construction engineering machinery for more than 10 years, high pollution, high energy consumption, high wear and tear and poor technology, including equipment (vehicles) for excavation, lifting, loading, concrete mixing, lifters, bulldozers, etc., in accordance with the technical specifications for the inspection of mechanical equipment at the construction site (jgj160).
As a result, the country’s old engineering machinery is expected to accelerate its liquidation, while stimulating potential demand for equipment upgrading. The cycle of upgrading domestic engineering machinery is expected to be advanced.
The phase-out of “country two” equipment has stimulated some of the newer demand, and the overall backheating trend in the excavator is expected to be ahead of schedule. In 24m1-m8, except for the spring holidays in February, rain and snow have led to the shutdown of a large number of sites in the country, resulting in a similar decline of nearly 50% in the current month, while the rest of the month's sales in the excavator have been reduced by almost 50%.
Intra-firm sales have also continued to improve, and the decline in domestic business revenues has narrowed considerably. According to company announcements, 24 years of company small-scale digging has grown for six consecutive months and has accelerated at a monthly rate, while medium- and large-scale digging products have recovered steadily.
The global market is worth more than trillion dollars, internationalization gives companies the attributes of growth, 2.1 the global market for engineering machinery is worth more than trillion, the share of domestic firms in overseas markets is still low, the market is still expanding, and the global scale of engineering machinery is worth more than trillion yuan. According to Yelllow,
Table 2024 shows a total sales of $241.92 billion for 2023, the top 50 engineering machines worldwide, an increase of 8.09%, the highest ever recorded. Recapitulating the history of the top 50 engineering machines worldwide, which shows an upward trend in shock, we believe is mainly a boom in new and emerging countries’ real estate, infrastructure, mines, etc.
Carter and Matsuma are the global champions of engineering machinery, accounting for 27.2% of the total. Carter and Matsuma are the global champions of engineering machinery, accounting for 16.8% and 10.4%, respectively, in 2023.
In addition, the top 10 companies are: John Dell, Xu, Libehare, Trio, Volvo Construction, Japan Builder, Jessibo, Doosan Cat. Europe, America, Japan, China, and Korea are the main conglomerates of global engineering and machinery.
U.S., Japan, China, and Korea are the main conglomerates of engineering and machinery, accounting for 99.0% of the total sales. Of this, U.S. engineering and machinery accounted for 28.6% of the total sales and +1.8 pct remained the country with the highest share; the Japanese engineering and machinery market accounted for 19.9% of the total sales; and the Chinese engineering and machinery industry accounted for 1.3 pct of the total sales.
17.2 per cent, corresponding to 1.0 ptt; 27.6 per cent, corresponding to +0.1 ptt; and 5.7 per cent, corresponding to +0.1 ptt. Only 13 per cent of the domestic market for engineering machinery and 13 per cent of the sea of the overseas market.
The global market for engineering machinery has declined for the second year in a row, mainly as a result of the domestic cycle of engineering and machinery industry. In 22-23, the Chinese market for engineering and machinery fell by 39 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively, respectively. In 2023, the North American region had the highest sales, with sales exceeding 30 per cent, and China had only 13 per cent worldwide.
The share of domestic brands abroad is still low. China’s share of the market for engineering machinery is now largely taken over by the national product plate, assuming that the global sales of engineering machinery is equal to the sales ratio, which is roughly 8% of the foreign market share of the country’s product plate.
Around, there is still much room for improvement of the foreign capital pole. 2.2 Internationalization contributes increased revenue, corporate growth attributes appear to be the third time that internationalization has started, and the global layout is almost complete. In 2002, companies will level the ground.
Over the next few years, companies have been mainly exporting to overseas markets. Since 2006, the Department has been operating in many countries around the world: in November 2006, India built plants, taking the first step in the offshore base strategy; in September 2007, the United States invested in the first developed country to build a plant in the engineering machinery industry;
In May 2009, a foundation ceremony was held at Bedberg Industrial Park, Germany; in February 2010, Brazil, with its sword, referred to the entire South American market; in April 2011, Indonesia, with its entire ASEAN market irradiated; and in 2012, with the successful acquisition of the German company Potsmeister and the strong union of concrete operations.
By the end of 2023, the Department had established a system of overseas market channels covering more than 400 overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and excellent agents, with overseas product sales covering more than 180 countries and regions.
Since 2019, companies have divided their earnings from abroad into large gaps. For example, in Africa, companies have been in the African market since 2002, and are ranked first in the exports of Chinese industrial and mechanical firms, but in January-August 2024, companies sold the same amount in Africa.
In 2023, companies upgraded the “internationalization” strategy to a “globalization” strategy, moving from product exports to industrial exports. The strategy of globalization has a clear advantage in comparison with the internationalization war: 1) increased responsiveness to market changes and consumer demand and accelerated research and development outcomes.
Applications and transformations; 2) increased efficiency and level of after-sales services and enhanced local competitiveness of products; 3) reduced trade volatility and protectionist effects to a certain extent; 4) enhanced manufacturing development in host countries and effectively promoted local employment and economic development.
Globalizing Manufacturing: Three major overseas smart manufacturing plants in Indonesia, India and the United States are in operation, with manufacturing bases in Brazil, Germany, the expansion of phase II plants in Indonesia, the construction of phase II plants in India and South Africa, and the ongoing globalization of manufacturing.
Globalization of R & D: In addition to the establishment of R & D centres in Changsha, Beijing, Shanghai and Kunshan, the company has established overseas R & D centres in the United States of America, India, Germany and Indonesia, and has now established a global R & D system, “1+5+n”, which is developing products in response to localization scenes and customer demand, 2023, with new products from Europe and America on the market.
35 new 15 items on the market for large equipment overseas.3 Engineering mechanical lifts, full-scale expansion of company products 3.1 mechanical electricization is a global trend
In the context of the global energy transition, low-carbon livelihoods, governments and regulators around the world have set stricter emission standards for engineering machinery. E-5 and national four emission standards, for example, have called for reductions in emissions from non-road mobile machinery, while the United Kingdom, Norway, Denmark,
In addition, many governments are introducing building site noise restrictions, especially in residential areas. Continuous working conditions, fixed closed areas, and harsh environmental policies are expected to be the first to penetrate.
The working environment is the main bottleneck in the electrodynamicization of engineering machinery. The price of electrodynamic products is generally high compared to fuel products, but maintenance and operating costs are low, and the working hours of the products have a greater impact on the recovery cycle. In addition, electrodynamics plant machinery products also need to be used in a way that takes into account the ease with which they are charged.
Engineering can be divided into tires and tracked, depending on the way you walk. The track product is very field-drawn, has a great ability to climb, humid mud or soft soil.
It's not easy to fall, it's not easy to slip, it's less influenced by topography, and it's good to be able to face more complex working conditions. Tire-type products are more mobile than track-based engineering machines, and they are more flexible, often used for hard surface work to facilitate the deployment and use of recharge facilities.
The increase in the cost of diesel fuel further accelerates the process of electricizing engineering machinery. Fuels are often one of the biggest operating costs for the owners of construction equipment, and diesel prices have increased in recent years, further increasing the life-cycle cost of fuel engineering machinery.
Mainstream engineering and mechanics have distributed the electric field. Catpelle announced investment in lithos energy battery technology in 23 years, and Matsuma announced the acquisition of American battery solutions company abs in 23 years, the following year.
The price of US$ billion for the Proterra battery business; the 22 year holdings of John Dill for the Austrian battery maker kreiseelectric. Domestic producers have also been in a state of disarray, with three or one of them working with the Battery Dragon Ning in 20 years, and Lithium Limited in 22 years; and Xu works with Biadi to set up a joint venture on the core.
The plant, the first power cell was deactivated by Xu Engineering in October 23, while the Central Gravity Unit was the new critical energy-generation technology chain of two engineering machines, lithium power, hydrogen combustion, which built the key technology and spare parts industry routes from parts and components to whole machines, hardware to software.
According to data from off-highwayresearch (focusing on compact tracked loaders, tracked excavators, small excavators, stretcher forks, wheel excavators and wheeled loaders, six types of engineering machinery), in 2023 a total of 7,283 electric construction machines were sold globally, with market penetration of about 0.8 per cent, with a total value of about 0.8 per cent.
With $894 million, global sales of electrical construction equipment are expected to increase to 33,130 machines in 2028, with a market penetration rate of 3.1 per cent and a value of over $4 billion. China and Europe are mainly using electric engineering machinery. In sales terms, China sold it in 2023.
Globally, 67% of electric engineering machinery, followed by 27% of electronic engineering machinery sold in Europe after China. In sales terms, China’s share was 52% in 2023, 39% in Europe and only 6% in North America.
In order to measure the cost of using electric and fuel loaders, we assume that: Domestic diesel prices: 0# domestic wholesale price of zero diesel for the period 1 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 is 8283.6 tons;
2) Electricity price: The average Chinese commercial electricity usage price of $0.09/kWh in 2023, as disclosed by GlobalPetrolprice, was 7.05 average USD/kWh in 2023, or 0.63/kWh average commercial electricity usage in China, as the unit disclosed electricity prices in US dollars/kWh;
3) Duration of use: On the basis of IED data, it is assumed that the loader will operate for 10 hours per day and will operate annually 4) maintenance costs: on the basis of ITN data, it is assumed that the fuel loader will cost 304,000 yuan per annum and the pure electric loader $153,000 per annum;
5) useful life: 5 years ' useful life is assumed based on iron and nail cell phone network data; 6) purchase price: $350,000 for fuel loaders and $350,000 for electric loaders based on smart power network data) residual value: 5 years ' fuel loader and electrical loader residual value based on iron and nail network data
The ratio is 50% and 10%, respectively; there is a clear cost advantage for electrical loading throughout the five-year life cycle.
At the end of the cost, batteries account for between 40 and 50% of the total cost of electric engineering machinery, whereas most engineering and mechanical enterprises in the country currently use phosphorus.
Lithium acid batteries. At the end of the price, the price of lithium phosphate, the power type, has been declining rapidly since 23, and the cost of purchasing electric machinery works is expected to decrease further.” A number of policies, such as equipment upgrades, have helped to increase the penetration rate of electro-engineering machinery.
For example, in Shanghai, for example, the Administration of Financial Resources for the Renovation of Non-Royal Mobile Machinery in the City of Shanghai proposes the acquisition of non-State agricultural machinery other than the end-of-life machinery in the city and the acquisition of new energy machinery.
All the persons registered in the city for the declaration of the new energy machinery were granted a new subsidy, and the electric appliance was the first to break out, with a maximum penetration rate of 15.7 per cent per month, the highest rate of electrodynamic penetration in the field of earth machinery, with a total of 3,595 electric loader products sold throughout the year 2023, and industry penetration increased.
3.3 In the field of deep-deep electricization, which has been raised to the strategic height of the company, a 7.5-ton pure electric micro-digger has been shown at the Shanghai BMW exhibition as early as 2010. In 2013, 75 tons of electric car cranes were launched again.
The conceptual product stc75ev, which is the repository of a wealth of electric R & D experience. In 2021, the company upgraded electricization to the strategic height of the company, targeting the core, power-drive bridge technology, the vcu assembly platform, the charging power station, the fuel cell system, the five main directions of the control technology, the development of an integrated control device for electric excavators, the power-driven control strategy,
In 2023, the company launched its first global all-power spin-down.
New products, such as products, pure electro-extensive arm-carriage cranes, and hydrogen blenders on board for autonomous development of fuel cell systems further increase product coverage, completing the listing of more than 80 new energy products. Electric products have seen a rapid increase in revenue, exceeding 3 billion in 23 years.
Corporate income from electric products increased from nearly $1 billion to $3.146 billion, with cagr exceeding 77 per cent. 4.1 Profit projection assumptions are split up from business.The company's main business includes excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, surface machinery and
Digging Machines: As of 2024h1, the company has won the 13th consecutive year of joint sales on the domestic market, with a steady rise in the global share of cities. On the one hand, the domestic engineering and machinery industry has been building up, and excavators have been growing for months, while, on the other hand, companies have continued to expand their markets abroad, and sales of excavators abroad have risen in the same proportion in August.
Concrete machinery: As of 2024h1, the company ' s concrete machinery was the world ' s first brand. On the one hand, the effects of the equipment upgrades gradually became apparent, the domestic engineering and machinery industry recovered, the related products were reduced in August, and heavy machinery: as of 2024h1, the overall market of the company ' s mounted cranes was more than 40% in large and medium-sized countries.
The share of the country in the market for mounted cranes is the highest in the country; there has been a significant increase in the share of vehicles, all-ground cranes, and off-road cranes in overseas markets. On the one hand, the effects of equipment renewal policies have gradually become apparent, the domestic engineering and machinery industry has returned to the bottom, the related products have declined in August, and the overseas market has expanded steadily, rising in the first half of August.
Concrete machinery: revenue for the operation was slightly reduced by 2024h1, taking into account the lower domestic revenue rate for the second half of the year. R & D rates: the electricization and intelligentization of engineering machinery are the way forward, and companies need to invest continuously, but as the scale of revenue increases and efficiency measures move forward, R & D rates are projected to be 2024-2026, respectively
Management cost rate: This indicator has a certain scale effect and increases in overseas income as the domestic cycle ends, and sales cost rates: this indicator is similar to the administrative cost rate, but considering that companies continue to expand overseas markets, we have chosen a relative valuation method based on factors such as the characteristics of the industry to which the company belongs, the business situation, etc.
In contrast to the company’s co-operation in engineering and machinery, which is competitive with Xu’s work, China’s Joint Heavy Section, and Willow’s work, three comparable companies are expected to move up the industry’s valuation hub in 2024-2026, on average, at 15, 12, respectively. In terms of end sales, domestic diggers are the first to recover, while companies dig machines.
At the same time, companies’ overseas income size, income share, profitability, and production power distribution are in the forefront of the industry and are expected to get the valuation premium.
Considering that the domestic engineering and machinery industry has been built up at the bottom this year, the industry’s valuation hub is expected to move up. From the final sales, the domestic excavators have recovered first, while companies have been able to tap into the domestic market for machinery for 13 consecutive years, earning close to 40% of the total value of the valuation premium.
Profitability, production layout, etc. are among the leading sectors and are expected to obtain valuation premiums. We expect that the industry’s demand will be lower than expected.
(2) The risk of higher penetration rates abroad is not as high as expected. There is a high demand in overseas markets for the quality and services of domestic engineering machinery, and there is a risk that the rate of penetration abroad will not increase as much as expected. 3) The policy is not as advanced as expected.
Further stimulating the need for market renewal, there is a risk that policies will not advance as much as expected. (4) Receivable recovery risks.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.