In recent days, the company released its 2021 newspaper, which generated a gross operating income of $75,680 million.
19.8 per cent long, resulting in a net return of RMB 7.33 billion, or 22.14 per cent, as follows:
Together with the initiators, the large state-owned holdings that were created by means of the initiative, an autonomous pre-tax performance with an estimated deficit of $5.67 billion in 2021 and a share-based enterprise group in 2020.
No improvement. We believe that one of the reasons is due to a lack of core, which leads to the sale of high-value vehicles in companies using vehicles, motorcycles, R & D of car parts, manufacturing, marketing and after-sales services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products.
In 2021, 324,000 vehicles were sold, representing only 10.3 per cent of the increase, and in trade, car rentals, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, financing, and high-value vehicles, such as leopards and gs8, were severely constrained by chips, with no significant increase in their contribution.
Source regenerative, car credit, financial leasing, business factoring, and the rise in the transformation of the capital have reduced the scale effect. With the growth of Eean in 2021, broad-based autonomy has been achieved, although insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc.
Business performance will continue to improve as a result of the high fixed cost of the company and the economies of scale of expenditure: as sales increase, the fixed cost of the one-way burden will decrease significantly.
The amortization of assets, impairment of assets (primarily the impairment of patented technology in intangibles) and the approximation of the rules for the analysis of fixed costs and expenditures of $12,422, $16,814 per vehicle in 2019-2021, respectively, have stabilized, while the autonomous plate (by fax + EAan) is in a spiral of rising sales.
In 2022, the spread is expected to hit 400,000 plus sales, EA is expected to hit the 300,000 sales target, and the scale effect of the high fixed cost of the flowb/h share (in millions) will help to revive the performance of the autonomous plate.
Increase in the average price of bicycles: The annual average cost of the company ' s cars in 2021 was $117,000, the price of high-value products was high, the number of upgraded cars, such as the 2022 Shadow Hav and the Shadowcooks, will continue to increase the average price of branded cars. The Eian brand has been launched since 2021.
There is a model version of plus, all accompanied by price increases. There is a clear trend towards an increase in the average vehicle price.
The growth of the joint venture portfolio: the return on joint venture investment was $11,404 million in 2021, which was increased to take advantage of the continued dynamism of the new product, the new capacity of the two fields, and the loss of Mitsubishi and Fique across the country.
We expect the net profit rate to rise to 11.57%. Wide-air Honda prices are almost even, and profitability is high. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: in 2021, the BG still maintained more than 5 billion R & D inputs, and new technologies (electric and intelligent) R & D and reserves are BG upgrading and sustaining products.
We're still looking at the prospects for improving corporate ownership and the growth of joint ventures. We expect the company to grow eight and six times, and the company to be five, four and three times, respectively, and maintain the "strength" of the broad gas a and the wide gas h.
Figure 3: Depreciation of fixed assets, acceleration of amortization of intangible assets
Figure 5: Average cost and unit of increase of vehicle autonomy: $10,000. Figure 6: Cost rate + tax and surcharge rate for the period. Figure 7: Changes in cost rates over the years for the period
Figure 8: Pooled investment returns and unit of increase: 10,000 yuan, source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, Figure 9: Estimates of the average price and profit margins of the Volatile Toyota
Figure 10: Estimates of the average and profit margin of Honda wide gas (601238): Improvement of the margins of autonomous plates, acceleration of the growth of joint ventures, sources of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Hwang Gang (601238): Improvement of the margins of the autonomous plate, and growth of the joint venture block
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.