Autonomous + joint venture resonance, new cycle up, research assistant Yang Wai-Bing                                                                                         .
Capabilities are gradually improved, and the process is dynamic. Technical layout angle: electrodynamic self-research is heavy, intelligent self-research co-operation and drive. Pure gel platform upgrades the level of pure whole vehicle manufacturing. Power cell: 1) in the field of power cells, graphylene super fast charge batteries + silicon neopolar.
Batteries + cartridge batteries break through fast + continuous + safety; corporate + diversified suppliers upgrade their voice in the power cell industry chain through self-built production lines + incubation cooperation. 2) electric power drive, EA cooperation + self-research. 3) hypercharge: synchronized vehicle end + stump fast charge system
Intelligent: 1) Partners supported by the Adigo Smart Networking Ecosystem to evolve. 2) Release of the new electronic and electrical architecture, The Star, to integrate the entire area + high speed ota. 3) Cooperative China is building a smart car digital platform. Product dimensions: Science and Technology Feels & Year
Lighter products focus on a fully competitive segment of the market, with fashionable brand images + product sales that go beyond the same level continuously upwards. Channel dimensions: multi-tier channels increase efficiency, apps connect households. The total number of outlets and single-store performances are at the forefront of new power brands.
Wide-space transfer: Organizational architecture changes to increase vehicle development efficiency and hybrid product readiness. Organizational change: implementation of the Big Director ' s team structure, integration of vehicle-type development research and marketing, and improvement of vehicle-type development efficiency. Technology dimensions: modularized platform+power branding+mixed double-line layout. 1) gpma is wide.
Modified platform and modular architecture for the autonomous development of global markets, with emphasis on the three bright spots of "vibrancy, energy efficiency, reliability". 2) Motivated brands have two main areas: engine, transformer, product structure and excellent power performance. 3) Toyota + self-research programmes in the hybrid area are in place.
1hev: Autovoltaic 2.0tm engine plus Toyota oil and electricity mixed with two arctic power systems, set up in December 2021 by the new second generation of gs8 as the first car type. 2 Wide auto autonomous 2.0atk engine plus gmc machine coupling system: compatible mix, plug-in
The first car with the program is a new car of 2022. Product size: a good product spectrum, car + mpv model, gradually working.
Quarterly reviews: Joint ventures + autonomous two-wheel drive,
For the rest of the new fuel cars, Guang Feng Wei, Fung Langda and the new Sovzr-v will be on the market in 2022.
To further enrich the product matrix and maintain a strong price-coated product cycle. Wideness/extensiveness expands as compared to +30.89%, EA continues to grow high, providing an important building block for growth in sales and sustaining investment returns that contribute to steady growth for the group.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Autonomous + Joint Investment Resonance, New Car Cycle Up! We expect the company Hiroshima (601238): q4 Māori Rate Unstable Supply Chains for Key Parts such as Chips/ Batteries; more stringent software ota Upgrade Policy, etc.
1. Organizational change: the gradual improvement of self-employment, the mixing of organizational dynamics, the creation of a single brand for the new energy sector, and the positioning of high-end smart electric vehicles.
In April 2019 to June 2020, aions, aionlx, and aionv were launched, and in November 2020, at the Guangzhou Car Fair, the wide-air Eyan brand was officially independent, positioned as a high-end smart electric vehicle brand, and the Eian brand 4 car model aiony was launched.
In August of 2021, the Group announced its intention to move forward with the reform of the EAM mixed ownership system; internal restructuring was completed in November 2021; EA integrated the EA Group’s pure electricity assets; and this was achieved.
In-depth integration and focus of the new energy vehicle operations of the Volkswagen Group; completion of employee incentives plus in-house holdings in March 2022, creation of a long-term incentive mechanism, with the introduction of a war-optimal equity and governance structure that meets the state-owned capital layout.
March 2022 - S.I.P.+Initiatives for the launch of the launch of the B.I.A. Group announced its intention to implement the S.I.A. Institute of S.A. through the introduction of new energy sources.
Wide-air vehicles in the amount of $3.557 billion to wide-air Eyan stock system, introducing strategic synergies, vehicle R & D capabilities, operations, assets.
The technologists are “up and down” with a broad-based energy mix, policy orientation, market influence, and they're recombining it to promote a broad-blown E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
Equity and the simultaneous introduction of state-owned reforms, the build-up of the stockholdings, the Southern Net Dynamics, Guangzhou Love.
Billion dollars and a debt to buy a wide-air research institute, choose the time to go to the market and create a pure electric asset, such as a single wide-air vehicle.
1.2. The layout of electrodynamic technologies: the accumulation of electrodynamic self-research technologies is deep. 1.2.1. The pure motor vehicle-type platform gep constantly alters itself
Wide gas is one of the first electric platform vehicles to be deployed in the country, and the platform is being replaced to increase the level of pure electricity manufacture. The design and development of a pure power platform was built around two core concepts: “a fully Electrified architecture, centred on user value experiences” at the beginning of Eyan. The Gep pure power exclusive platform was launched in 2017, and a completely new platform was launched in 2019.
The full-system version developed on the new Gep3.0 platform will be placed on the market on a continuous basis. The current Eian model is based on the development of the gep 2.0 model and has performed well in terms of space utilization, power consumption, safety, etc. The gep 2.0 platform can complete the development of different sizes of cars, suv, mpv, and also covers level a0-c, devices.
There are the following features: 1) space layout is large: the second-generation Gep pure power platform adopts the concept of whale space design, uses larger axle range versus car length, and the mechanical structure of the vehicle is more flattening, modularized, and as much air space as possible in the crew room. "3-in-one" power drive can further reduce the size of the motor module and increase space utilization. 2) renewal forms.
Good news: Gep 2.0 platform with a brand-new vda battery bag with a combined range of 300-7000 km. 3) Power performance High: Gep 2.0 reduces volume and weight using a deep integrated "triple one" that significantly enhances transmission efficiency, torque density and the stability of the power-driven module, taking into account long-duration and power. 4) Flexibility: gep 2.0 can be based on vehicle type.
Positioning and its need for chassis performance are coupled with different types of back-arcing systems. 5) Secure: Gep 2.0 models continue the five-star, second-generation gac collusive-sorption control technology, carefully designed fully absorbable cabin structures and high-strength cage cabins, which absorb more than 60% of the cabin structure and maximize the protection of crews in the vehicle.
1.2.2. Power cell safety & fast-loading & high-continuing technology is rich and the supply chain has a high voice. In April 2021, wide gas released the power cell neutron star strategy for autonomous research and development of power cells and cores and industrial applications.
Layout: With regard to the core, sponge silicon negative cell technology and super fast charge battery technology will operate in parallel to address the different pain points of the user's continued flight and charge; bms system, which will protect batteries with excellent domain control management and big data applications; battery packages, which will create a four-dimensional advantage of “high safety, light Quantities, high integrity, low cost”.
Figure 5: Strategic planning and technology deployment for wide-gas E-A-A-E-A. New energy vehicle technology and applications to a national lead level (first three)
Focus on three power core technologies, with emphasis on breaking through power cell technology, integrated power-drive technology, domain controllers, efficient heat management technology, high power charge technology, appropriate reserve fuel cell whole vehicle integration technology (1) Fast charge: in January 2021, wide gas Eyan released the graphite maleyl super fast charge battery, substantially upgraded the battery
Charge efficiency. The graphyl batteries refer to the application of graphite as a conductor additive to positive materials to increase conductivity, with a combination of 600a high power supercharger charging 80% in 8 minutes and a renewal mileage of 500 km. The whole car core is 5-8% higher than the current conventional power cell cost. Wide-voltage groups will launch versions 6c-500km, 3c-500km.
Ben’s fast-loaded battery meets the fast-loading needs of different users, and in September 2021 it arrived on the vehicle’s wide gas, EAAionv. (2) Continuing power: the new cell for silicon is going to be carried to aionlx, and the nedc is going to be re-shipped up to 1,000 km. The sponge silicon negative cell basically solves the problem of silicon negatives having a high rate of expansion in the discharge process, thus achieving a large caption.
The application of silicon-based negative material in power cells reduces the volume by 20% and the weight by 14%. In February 2021, the wide-air sponge silicon negative cell technology completed the winter cryogenic test and the summer test was completed in July.
Figure 6: Wide-blown E.P.I.T. Super fast charge batteries. Figure 7: Wide-blown silicon negative pole technology will be carried to the aionlx model. Global first.
1000km Re-car technology aionlx carrying sponge silicon subpolar batteries
Completion of summer tests with volume at immediately! (3) Safety: box battery system security technology secures the core. 2021 wide-air launch battery system safety technology, which can be applied to a battery package of two types of phosphate lithium and Trinity lithium for the first time to achieve a whole needle prick.
In particular, the cartridge battery system secures the battery through four core technologies: a fifth generation battery management system. Using the most new generation (100 times higher than the previous system), it achieves 10 full-time rounds per second.
Data collection, 24-hour full-time patrol mode; 2 super-high heat-resistant and stable cores. Self-repair of the Sei membrane using a new additive, reduction of heat from heat out of heat control using a high-security electrolyte; 3 super-high insulation cell safety module. Use mesh nano-hole insulation.
Materials and super-resistant upper-temperature shells ensure that the heat does not spread when the heat in the core is out of control; and a 4-D cooling cooling system. Using fully aligned liquid cold integrated systems, efficient heat-dispersing channels, high-precision-guided thermal paths are designed to reduce the risk of battery heat out of control.
With regard to ultracharged technology, wide-voltage Eyan synchronizes the construction of a fast-loading system at the end of the vehicle plus the end of the stake, achieving a super fast charge of five minutes, moving 207 km. At the end of the vehicle: ultra-multiplier battery technology. 1) Battery: lithium ion exit/remove/inline three steps for battery charging.
Wide-gas Eyan uses high puncture coating of ceramic diaphragms, new low viscosity high electrolytic fluids to reduce resistance to electrolytic ion transport, to increase the rate of transport, to increase the rate of penetration at the negative poles by applying unique soft carbon/hard carbon/ graphite coating techniques, and to increase the conductivity of high-efficiency stereoconductor networks using a three-dimensional structure of graphene.
Of these, graphiteene as a conductor plays a key role, with wide gas mastering autonomously developed three-dimensional structural graphite (3dg) preparation techniques and forming a well-developed patent group that has achieved a stable volume of production and cost-controllability, thus contributing to the production of ultra-speed battery technologies. 2) High voltage platforms: a high-pressure platform leading in the wide-gas construction industry, with maximum working voltage available.
880v with a maximum charge power of 480kw. Pump: A480 supercharger with the highest global recharge power. The current market has a high rate of fast-filled and super-filled stump power ranging from 60kw to 180kw, with a 250kw output peak for Teslav3.
The highest global charge power is the wide gas EAA480 supercharge. Figure 9: the wide gas EAA480 supercharger. Figure 10: the wide gas EAA super-begrate battery technology.
With regard to the supply chain, through self-built production lines plus incubation cooperation companies plus diversified suppliers, the right to speak in the power chain of the battery industry: (1) the establishment of the Giant Bay Technology Research Institute for super-fast charge cores, the next generation of new energy storage devices and the pack integration system.
On September 7th, 2020, the Guangbang Group joined with the Guangzhou Giant Bay Investment Partnership (Little Partnership), Hiro Gas Capital Co. Ltd., Huang-dong and Bae-fung to set up the Guangzhou Mega Bay Technology Research and Research Co. Ltd.. In July 2021, the Giant Bay Technology and Energy Storage and Systems Industry Base Project was located in Guangzhou, where the company is expected to invest a total of $3 billion to build a post-production capacity of 8gwh.
With an annual production value of 7.2 billion yuan and a tax of 400 million yuan, it will be fully operational by 2023. (2) A self-research cell core production line will be built, and the self-research battery production process will be stored. To accelerate the industrialization of the self-research battery technology, test the maturity of the battery process, product consistency, product cost, etc., will be stored.
In October 2021, Hiro-Ean announced its intention to invest $336 million in the rapid construction of a medium-sized production line for self-research cell cores to store the technology for self-research battery production. In March 2022, the wide-gas E-E-A-R-cell test line opened and the project covered an area of approximately 10,500 square metres and included a full battery from slurry to battery pack.
The process production process, as well as laboratories such as materials development, chemical testing, electrical performance, etc., is expected to be completed and officially operational by the end of 2022. Broad-gas EAN self-research batteries, such as sponge silicon cells, will be produced autonomously on this test line.
Innovative Air has proposed more than 2,000 modifications, which have helped the latter to establish a system of mass production and quality, which is increasingly working together to provide security for the wide-voltage battery supply chain. 1.2.3. Power-driven systems: cooperation + self-research parallels
In 2019, a joint venture with Japanese electricity was established to secure the supply chain. In August 2019, a full-blown company, Wide-Aft Parts and Components Ltd., and a joint venture with Japanese electricity, established a limited public division of Netco Motors, to build a new energy integrated power-driven system project, with a total investment of about 1.05 billion yuan, with a wide-gas share of 49 per cent.
In Japan, where electricity is a global congener in the field of precision and small engines, the joint venture integrates the full-car technology built up with the motor and electrical technology owned by the department, focusing on the integrated motor-driven system developed, produced and sold by the broad-based consortium, and will be extended to third-party car manufacturers at a later stage.
In 2020, the wave launched the world’s first two-blocker, the four-blocker, the four-blocker, the power drive. In the four-block drive, the two-blocker, the control, and the two-block decelerator are integrated. The technology has more than 70 patents, of which 29 are patented.
Vehicles provide a strong power of 340kw, with combined drive efficiency of 90 per cent, power increase of 13 per cent, and volume reduction of 30 per cent, 1.3. Smart technology layout: smart self-research cooperation and driving of 1.3.1.adigo smart network ecosystem evolution
Autopilot ahead of schedule, the platform evolves. In 2011, the development of unmanned technologies was launched with a wide-broad-bang drive, and in 2016, a number of strategic partners, such as Daigo and Hua, supported the launch of the Aigo Smart Travel System, which brings together the ecology of smart factories, autopilot systems, and joint systems.
The system was listed in 2020 at 3.0 a.m. and is equipped with a three-dimensional sensor technology called "High Precision Map + High Precision Radar + High Quality Camera" and has multiple security redundancy designs such as double braking systems and driver double security (hod steering wheel separation from early warning +dms fatigue monitoring).
Adigo 4.0 was launched in April 2021, with the launch of a new, full-blown smart operating system, g-os, which was developed autonomously by the Higashijio Autotech Ltd., a joint venture of the Hizbulance Group and C.I.S., while adigo 4.0 achieved a volume-loading of the country’s first ar-hud.
hpa memory parking system, with 31 sensors for the entire vehicle, allows for a single-way cruise, automatic re-routing, auto-over, automatic up-and-down gates, medium- and long-range low-speed auto-drive and auto-remover, and a class 12.5 auto-drive.
Second-generation smart solid laser radar on board robosense, and will soon be produced on multi-car types like aionlx. The aion model will be selected with a World Wide Web camera, a mm wave radar, ultrasound radar. 2) Decision level: current segment uses mobileyeq4 chip in the aion model, the linux operating system, the Winsetoton intermediate and 100 degrees smart drive.
Launching solutions, coupled with wide-air and horizon launches of a wide-voltage drive 3 chip, which is planned to be produced in the future. 3) Implementation level: Japanese electric machines, auto-resistance, and the transfer of the euphoria to the system. 4) Smart cabin: the new Adigo 4.0 smart-drive system, built on 820 chips, is controlled by the Weibosmartcore complex.
The platform, which integrates the G-os operating system of S.H.I.U. (a joint venture with C.I.S.) and tether applications and telephonic voice interactions.
Autonomous R & D domain central “Star” electronic and electrical architecture Releases a new electronic and electrical architecture, moving towards full-scale integration + high-speed ota. Wide-scale steam in November 2021 Autonomously developing a new generation of electronic and electrical architectures, “Star architecture”, with the entire architecture being composed of three core computing units:
Automobile digital mirror clouds and central operating units + smart driving control units + information entertainment control units; four area controllers: front, back, left, right-side area controllers are the main components. With technology such as auto-digital mirror clouds, high-speed EDnets and 5g, a centralized computing capability for cloud integration is developed to support high-level autopilots at level 1-4 and above; software solutions
Multiply, the data transfer rate has increased by 10 times, the wire beams have decreased by about 40%, and the controllers have decreased by about 20. 1.3.3. Co-operative China is building a smart car digital platform together.
For the first large smart pure power suv jointly developed by Hiroshima and China, with a class 1-4 autopilot function, production is planned for the end of 2023, and both sides will build a new generation of smart car digital platforms based on a wide gas gep 3.0 chassis platform and a cca (calculation and communication structure) that will be developed in a joint definition of a full-fledged smart car solution.
More models will be derived from a jointly constructed smart car digital platform. Figure 16: Wide steam and China are a collaborative journey, and China will be a chip in 2020.
Agreement on Deepening Cooperation 2020 Strategic Cooperation 2017 The Parties signed the Agreement on Deepening Strategic Cooperation in Guangzhou
Aionv is carrying 5g+v2x smart traffic, wide-space and China are signing strategic cooperation agreements, focusing on computing and communication structures, based on a wide-space gep3.0.
We have a system that integrates the first two in the field of smart web-connected electric cars, chassis platforms, cca.
The new 5-g-band baron 5000 chips, technology is working together strategically to accelerate progress in building a new generation of smart car digital platforms that can deliver power.
Support for the Nsa and sa group network approach to the strategic collaboration project, which has already achieved several solutions for a full-time smart car, joint definition,
Vehicle data exchange, road coordination, joint development, and a series of future-oriented autopilots.
Smart cars. 1.4. Product dimensions: Technology and rejuvenation focus on a fully competitive segment of the market. Broad-air Eyan brand image as “advanced, funny, new, high-quality” to “be the world's leader and society”.
Trusted Green Wirtschaftsprüfer of Values” as a business vision centred on user experience, attracting core users with fashionable and dynamic images + hard-core products beyond the same level.
1.4.1. The core covers the net electricity market of $100,000 to $2 million, and users are rejuvenating.
The main distribution area is Guangdong Province, where the share of sales in the Guangdong region has been over 40%. The price of $100,000 to $200,000 is the largest, fully competitive area where the fuel is sold.
The difference between the 32.43 per cent sales of new energy vehicles at a price of $100,000 and $2 million and 43.35 per cent sales of fuel at a price of 43.35 per cent is clear, and the amount of space available for new energy vehicles is wide. The price of $100,000 and $2 million is a portrait of new energy vehicle users: the new energy product at that price belt is the Biadi hybrid system.
In the Len and Eian series, the target consumer group has a higher interest in cost + continuation + space. At the same time, the cost of using it throughout the life cycle is low, which brings together most of the network’s requirements. Figure 23: Cost share of new energy vehicle operations/rent sales (%)
Based on EA's available sales data and EAapp user data, we have analysed EA's user images for use: 1) toc conversions have been effective. The main position of EA's in the early stages of development was the operating & leasing market, such as the Internet car, which accounted for more than 50% of the sales, and with April 2021 for Toc's market aiony/aion
The share of non-operational market sales has increased gradually, and the Toc transition has worked well. 2) Users Gender & Marital Status: Gender Balance + Married More than Married. According to the Eianapp Active Users, the ratio of EA users to men and women is roughly 1:1, with married users accounting for about 70%. The gender balance shows that EA has not made brands similar to the Euro-style.
By gender, the higher proportion of married users indicates that EA is better able to meet household vehicle needs. 3) Users ' age profile is 19.56%. Figure 26: EA & Lease sales %
Figure 27: Age distribution of EAAP users in February 2022 1.4.2. Analysis of major products
In June 2021, Eyan launched an upgrade of aions at the Chongqing International Car Fair, which focused on the extraction of individual car owners through the internal and external re-engineering process.
On the external side, anionsplus has an overall physical shift, a lot of body size, and a network of ten. On the performance side, the main advantage of the aionsplus model compared to the competing new energy model is that: 1) space is large, at the axis.
(b) High mileage with cartridge batteries to enhance battery safety; (c) good acceleration performance, based on a low-wind resistance program ofeno.146, with a power of 165kw, the acceleration time of aiasplus 0-100km/h reached 6 seconds level. Eiansplus compared to the fuel engine type (fried, etc.)
Aionsplus will dig further in the non-operational aiony: compact suv for young consumers. Aiony locates the “100,000-grade technology first class” which, according to the official introduction, is the acronym for the English word “young” in the name of aiony.
In the young consumer group. Aiony leads at axle range, and continues the mileage. In April 2021, aiony went to the market. The competitive advantage of Eaony compared to the competitive car type was: 1) safety, with all aiony carrying a full-blown new cartridge battery, increasing the safety of the battery system; 2) continued capacity, with a maximum range of 600 km above the comparable model; 3)
Space is large, benefiting from the build-up of the Gep 2.0 pure power platform, with the axle range ahead of the comparable pattern. Aionvplus locates the parent interplanetary ship pure power suv, with the intelligent + continuation power as the core selling point. The target population is a young multi-faceted elite, which was listed in September 2021.
The post-sale range is $18.76-24.96 million. 1) Continuing and fast charging: Nedc tests 500 km, 600 km and 702 km, respectively. Super fast-loaded vehicle models with super-multiple and cartridge battery security systems can be “charged for five minutes, continue 207 km”, and fast-loading + significantly alleviates the problem of mileage anxiety. 2) Space: specific width
High 4650 x 1920 x 1720 mm with an axle range of 2830 mm, ahead of the contestant Songplusdm-i&ev (2765 mm), with high spatial flexibility. 3) Smartness: available with adigo 3.0l2+ intellectual driving support system, with oversighted memory parking and Nda smart pilot support system. 4) Value preservation: to address new energy vehicle retention rates, rapid speed
Repurchases. According to the Chinese Automotive Association, aionv has a one-year preservation rate of 70.89 per cent in compact suv, and safer intelligent piloting: based on navigational information and combined with high-precision map data, vehicles choose the best lanes to travel on high-speed main roads to enhance user security
Smarter: Based on the detection, proactive decision-making to slow down to make a shift, both sides of the road can be turned over, over-the-horizon calls for parking, buys a car and delivers a private chauffeur.
Automotive parking: find the right parking space on its own, truly uncontrollable: support cell phones to operate unmanned passenger parking, call and drive, call and call parking.
Real-time parking monitoring: parking process images in real-time viewing 1.5. Channel dimensions: multi-level channels increase efficiency, application direct user multi-level system, balancing user experience with expansion efficiency.
The mission of the Direct Experience Center is to explore innovative marketing methods, mainly in core areas, to build model channels; distribution methods that allow rapid expansion, reduce the costs and risks of mainframe plants, and share development opportunities with partners; and management by people in frontrooms such as conservator halls, experience centres, direct shop hosts, etc.
A multi-tier system of channels for “Sun-Star-Moon” is being built, and the total number of outlets and single-stores is in the grip of new power.
The brand prefix. The 208-blue gas proposes a multi-tier system of system-building, i.e., the experience centre (the city's standard shop) sun, the exhibition centre (the city's exhibition hall in the mainstream commercial consumption area) the moon, and the community service station's three-tier channel of stars. The experience centre is called “25hours” and is user-centred, with a focus on all-open, all-weather services.
As of April 2022, there were 145 such centres and 316 such centres, located in the autonomous regions of the country's 27 provinces and cities, with 32 single shops.
December 2021; in order to prevent monthly sales errors, monthly average sales/door numbers are calculated
In the case of new power brands, car apps go through the post-sale process, and consumers can share their car life with more users.
According to the questmobile data, as of February 2022, there were 219.3 million people active in the month of Hiroshima Eianapp, and they were rising from 2021 to 2021.
A monthly compound growth rate of 9.41 per cent since January of the year is at the forefront of the new power brand ' s monthly active composite growth rate. Apex has helped to increase user stickyness and loyalty, and is the best position to turn private-area traffic when brands take over.
Figure 34: Eianapp co-creates a brand-made charging service centre, equipped with end-to-end, stump-to-end super-filling technology, and boosts the user's travel experience. By 2025, it is planned that the country will have over 2,000 super-filled stations covering 300 cities.
The first stage of brand charging - the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge brand charging station was officially inaugurated, providing free and exclusive parking space for aion clients, with fast-loaded services free of charge and slow-loaded free services. In December 2021, the second Eyan Supercharged Service Centre, which was built at the Beijing Capital International Airport, was officially completed. The world's first 480kw was built in Guangzhou.
As the EAAN energy supply network continues to improve, EA's high-end smart electric vehicle brand image will be further enhanced, and users’ travel experience will be fully enhanced. In April 2022, EA's super-charged power centre was inaugurated in Guangzhou, allowing for supercharges, fast replacements, automatic replacements, etc.
To create a solar, storage, recharge, and replacement energy supply ecology and battery cycle ecology. In 2022, the Huo-Ean project built 220 recharge stations in Guangzhou City, increasing to 1,000 by 2025, providing 1.5 km radius coverage and further replication throughout the country.
1.6. Productive capacity: 200,000 units per year of existing capacity, with plant intelligence leading 200,000 units per year. The plant was officially completed at the end of 2018 and started operating in May 2019. It is the first project in the new energy automobile park of the Federation. The total planned capacity is 400,000 vehicles per year, 2022
In February, a second wave of smart ecological plants was completed, with capacity expanded to 200,000 units/year. The plant has a leading level of intellectualization. In March 2022, the factory entered the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance, and the National Directorate for the Supervision of Markets issued a model list of smart manufacturing plants for 2021.
In terms of productivity efficiency, the expansion in 2022 resulted in a 45 per cent increase in production efficiency and a 35 per cent increase in customization capacity. In terms of digitization, 98 per cent of the world ' s highest connectivity to automobile factories was achieved through the introduction of the industry ' s first source data classification and distribution of marginal servers, and the industry ' s fastest rate of <300ms, with 100 per cent digital distribution sheets to guide production; in terms of flexible production, 100 per cent was adopted.
The ball takes the lead in the fast-changing technology of welding steel points and aluminium heat-melting drills to achieve 10 symbiosiss of different types and steel aluminium body sizes.
2.1. Organizational change: implementation of the DG team structure, integration of vehicle development research and marketing, integration of vehicle development research and marketing and efficiency enhancement of vehicle development. Wide-space autonomous branding has been developing institutional reforms since 2019, with horizontal sectoral structures in vehicle development, including the Director General and the Director General of Vehicle Development.
Four directors-general (Market/Development/Production and Integration Director-General), to bring vertical functions together to integrate research and marketing for vehicle development, team “risk sharing, benefit sharing” and to improve the efficiency and quality of development.
2.2. Technology layout: Modular architecture upgrades development efficiency, hybrid technology dual-line parallels 2.2.1.gpma Modular Platform, platform, modular architecture, including r and l, "viable, energy-efficient, reliable" gpma developed autonomously for global markets with a wide range of vehicles
Platform, covering cars, suv, mpv; pure oil, phev and hev, with emphasis on three bright spots of “dynamic, energy-efficient, reliable”. (1) Dynamic: in the form of agpma, the structure is based on a high downside, short forward suspension, axle length, increased wheel range and increase.
Measures such as car width optimized the body size of the vehicle, which is conducive to the creation of a young sport-style posture. On the power and control side, the gpma structure can increase the speed of the vehicle by about 4-5% of the 100 km acceleration time and 50% of the speed of the full gas gate 0.5s. (2) Energy efficiency: the gpma structural power system is ahead in energy saving, by optimizing the car ' s aerodynamic attachments, and by introducing low controls.
The gpma structure reduces resistance to the whole vehicle by up to 11.7 per cent, thereby reducing the fuel consumption of Nedc by about 0.4l/100km. (3) Reliable: the thermal formation of the gpma structure by more than 20 per cent and the high steel ratio by 70 per cent.
A high-level equipment material system, with a new generation of vehicle-type interoperability rates increasing by more than 50%, enhances the stability and reliability of vehicle spare parts by increasing modularization, interoperability rates.
Figure 39: Wide-blast gpma architecture Figure 40: Wide-blast gpma architecture 2.2.2. Power brand wave power to provide advanced power products
The wave-driven motors were branded in 2020 for a wide-volt power drive covering both engine and transformer areas, including high-efficiency engines, high-efficiency transformers, three pillars of hybrid products, and 1.5l fuel engine platforms, 2.0l fuel engine platforms, dhe hybrid engines, wdct gear tanks, 8at speed tanks, dht-mixed transformer boxes
A complete product structure of the plate. Self-researching of heat-efficient motors: 1.5 tgdi, 2.0 tgdi, with 40.48 per cent thermal efficiency certification, 40.23 per cent for the third generation of the gas, and 42.10 per cent for the fourth generation of 2.0atk, reaching world leaders in water.
The wave engine uses a wide-voltage gccs combustion control system that visualizes engine combustion processes, quantifys the process and controls the clean combustion of the 15.6 very high compression ratio with precision data.
The combination module, the electro-pump and the mechanical pump two-pump technology achieves the optimal balance of power and fuel saving. Of these, 7wdc transformers have combined transmission efficiency of 96%, with a maximum of 400n/m torque, with a replacement response of 0.2s, and have won the title of the World's Ten Fine Transceivers. g-mc machine coupling systems apply a wide-voltted multi-barrel technology with a 35% fuel saving rate.
In the area of hybrid products, in April 2022, a new hybrid technology brand was officially launched under the Electrification Strategy.
Name: Wave mixed. Wave mixed has a two-way mix of gmc binoculars, which are being studied on a self-researched basis, and a hybrid system: Turbo booster + the latest ths hybrid system. (1) hev: Wide-broad autonomous 2.0tm engine + Toyota oil mixed two-string power system ths, both
Low fuel consumption and power. The power-saving advantage of the hybrid vehicle type on board this hybrid system is obvious, with nedc fuel consumption of 5.5l for 100 km, combined with power performance, requiring only 6.9s for a four-drive mode 0-100 km/h acceleration. 1) A number of advanced technologies, such as a wide gas 2.0tm engine using a wide car gccs combustion control system, have a maximum power of 140kw.
Maximum torque 320n m, internationally advanced in the same type of engine; in fuel economy, the maximum heat efficiency of the 2.0tm engine was 40.23%; 2) Toyotaths system, after more than 20 years of technological build-up, has been mounted on multi-car types under the Toyota flag, with generators, power-drivers, planetary gears, etc.
The p-storeys, mechanical pumps, etc. are highly integrated, the entire system is simple, small in size, light in weight, the power density and efficiency of the control unit is higher than the same type of product, the distribution of fuel power and electrical power is reasonably controlled, and the power system is kept in high-efficiency areas.
The engine is equipped with the Toyotaths hybrid technology model. (2) Wide-voltage autonomously developed 2.0atk engine + gmc machine coupling system: compatible with multiple power requirements such as mixing, plug-in mixing, etc.) 2.0atk engine uses a number of advanced technologies, such as a gccs combustion control system.
Substantially upgrade engine performance to achieve a 15.6 hyperly high compression ratio with a maximum heat efficiency of 42.1 per cent; 2) gmc is a hybrid special speed transformer developed autonomously and developed with a multi-blocked dht with a first integrated two-power machine capable of achieving a variety of energy distribution patterns, such as pure electric power, mixing, incremental range, fuel straight drive, with a 95.5 per cent heating utilization factor for wltc working conditions, combined with the introduction of a 95.5 per cent thermal utilization factor.
The transformer technology expands the efficient working area of the electrical system, promotes the miniaturization of the power and battery, and significantly reduces the fuel consumption. First, the wide-voltage car type of the 2.0atk+gmc hybrid system, which became popular in April 2022.
The main product is concentrated in the three product groups of the ga/gs/gm series, with a price of $100,000-200,000. For the period 2015-2018, the core explosive vehicle type was the suv type gs4 and gs4 that was listed in April 2015 and sold on the market amounted to 130,000 vehicles, or 66 per cent of the total sale of the suv/mpv, and continued to contribute mainly to the succulent.
Sales, followed by a fall in sales of gs4 as the industry entered a period of adjustment and increased competition. The bulk of sales have fallen since 2021. The main types of sales have been mpv-type m6 and m8, suv-type gs4 and the first car-cams launched under the Big Superintendent system.
The 10,000-dollar sports car market, the first sports car under the gpma umbrella, is also the first car issued by the Big Boss. The core user group is a group of young people, who, by precise targeting of users, prefer to use it, have a great sports model, a strong motivational manipulation and a leading scientific experience, which accelerates the number 0-100 km compared to the competitive model of the car.
Time is 6.95s, full lead, and intelligence-based leopards are equipped with an ultra-intelligent interactive module with a class 1-2 automatic driving capability. The leopards have been growing rapidly since they were listed, and are expected to continue to contribute to higher sales levels for the company.
The branded mpv model (Bekgl8, Toyota, etc.) has a high price of m8 compared to the competitive model, while the power is strong; the model m8 uses a straight waterfall front grid style, and the interior is updated with startops + skyscreen designs, with a higher sense of luxury.
gs8 plays the market of 200,000 to 250,000 medium-sized suvs. Second generation gs8 is large compared to competing models. 1) Space is large: the new second generation gs8 axle range is 2920 mm and the interior space is more open and comfortable. 2) Smartness: the new second generation gs8 is configured to autopilot support system level 122, with an ar-hud, and a wide-blob.
Adaptive to vehicle dynamic control systems, etc.) Power configuration: Second-generation gs8 listings provide two engine configurations for the Toyota-ths mix and pilot series. 3. Joint venture brands: corporate performance growth building blocks, output expansion boosts sales
Main products: The Toyota Cars cover the mid-end market of $80-$250,000, with the Camery series and the Lui Ling series being car star models. The Suv type covers the $150,000 market, and the Handa major sales volume. The Volk Honda type covers the upper-end market of $10-300,000, and the sales in the Chinese market are supported by Yakaku and Shikage.
On the other hand, the B-tnga-based bev exclusive platform was launched in April 2022. The Honda was released in October 2021 (small suv). For the rest of the new fuel fuel vehicles, the B-M-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V-V.
In January 2022, the compact suv-la-da was also listed at a price of $12.58-16.98 million. The wide-scale car was officially listed in December 2021, for the Saviours; the new suvzr-v is due to be launched in 2022, q3.
The growth in vehicle revenues has been sustained, with a large-scale/extensive contribution to the group’s major performance. Wide-back/broad-car branding + preservation rates are high, sales have been growing steadily in recent years, reaching 780,838,000 each in 2021.
This has resulted in a 17% high combined growth in sales between 2017 and 2021, thanks mainly to the Toyota Tnga structure of 2017, which accounted for $1.1814 billion, or 165% of the operating profits. Meanwhile, the revenue from the Toyota/Toyoto bicycles has been raised year after year, and we expect to increase the profitability of the bicycles, which continues to contribute to the group’s steady growth in investment returns.
In July 2021, the 4th Toyota factory was launched, with a new plant with a standard annual capacity of 200,000 and a production capacity of all new Hanlanda, all new Sanaa and Wilanda. The 5th factory will be launched in 2022, with a standard annual capacity of 1 million.
With a combined capacity of 770,000 vehicles per year, a new energy plant with an annual capacity of 120,000 was launched in October 2021, and the company expects the exchange rate on May 5th, 2022, with a RMB = HK$0.82) to make less progress in controlling the epidemic than expected. If the new global crown epidemic is under control, it will have an impact on the global economy.
The growth of the new energy automobile industry has been slower than expected. If new-energy car technology development and market demand are lower than expected, it will affect the overall process of electricization in the industry, with significant implications for the volume of sales by the broad-based groups and their own profits.
The supply chain of key components, such as chips/cells, is unstable. If the epidemic causes a global shortage of chips to continue to tighten, critical parts, such as batteries, are under supply.
The international situation is becoming more volatile. With the global division of the automotive chain, no country can fully build its supply chain on its own.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board