The Volkswagen Motors (601238) Autonomous rises, joins senior farmers, and offers a bright future for the company, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: 1) Autonomous twin stars rise, solar systems co-opt the Chinese market, and new cycle co-benefit sales and profits grow faster. The estimated volume of autonomous sales in 2022-24 is 58/65/75 million, respectively.
Driven by a dual-nuclear development strategy, vehicle supply is expected to continue to improve and market competitiveness is expected to improve, thus contributing to a faster growth in sales. (2) Future sales are expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace with the dynamic implementation of the blended smart electricity brand, the E-A-A-R-E-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-E-S-S-S-S-E-S.
Corporate-led investment returns, especially those from Honda and Toyota, have a crucial impact on the overall performance of the company: 1) Honda Volkswagen: sales are expected to grow steadily and rapidly in the future, driven by continued diversification and intelligent configuration; 2) Toyota Volkswagen: with electric energy,
In the field of continuous tillage and in the field of condensation, and in addition to the continuation of the cycle of new cars, sales are expected to grow faster in the future. In the field of continuous electric intelligence, companies open space for medium- and long-term growth.
Intelligent development wave, the company released its ambitious “glass net plan” last year. In Eyan, 10,000 vehicles are growing at an annual compound rate of 108.05 per cent, and the corresponding income is increasing at an annual compound rate of 109.12 per cent.
(b) Co-financing: two major joint ventures are expected to be “back-to-back” in the Chinese electric car market, and sales are expected to accelerate, with a large volume and abundance of new brand platforms, new models and production capabilities.
Both business and investment earnings are expected to grow faster with sales, and the scale effect will boost the profitability of the firm. We expect the company to grow by 26.8% net profit compound over the next three years, giving the company an assumption that the autonomous Twin Star will grow faster, driven by mixing and smart electric motorization, from 2022 to 24th year.
According to the market: on the one hand, the growth of the company ' s autonomous twin stars lags behind Biadi, the Great Wall and Chang-An, with fewer models, smaller sales, and uncertain prospects for future competition in a wave of electric intelligence; on the other hand, the solar system, which has a relatively conservative attitude towards new-energy vehicles, and the slow pace at which new models are imported and upgraded, is being introduced.
In our view, (1) the penetration and penetration of motor intelligence in the country is still at an early stage, with 13.4% of new energy vehicle sales and holdings last year and only 2.9% of new energy vehicle holdings at the end of the first quarter of this year. The market space for future growth is vast, far from the stage of stock competition.
There is still considerable certainty about growth in the field of capacity. 2) Due to weak growth in overseas markets, both Honda and Toyota have accelerated investment and vehicle-type imports in the Chinese market and are now in a new vehicle cycle, especially in view of the fact that both the vast and the vast will be imported into the new electric brands and models, the rapid development of the domestic electric vehicle market and the prospect of the future realization of traditional and new energy vehicles.
1) The Autonomous Twin Star rises drive the company ' s autonomous plates to continue to lose and are expected to make a profit: 2) Wide and vast sales and contribution returns are growing faster, raising the company ' s performance elasticity; 3) Autonomy and Japan ' s joint-venture electric car production and sales are increasing more than we have chosen to compare to the company ' s business-like upper-gas groups, the Chang-An automobile, the Great Wall car and four companies in Biadi.
Compared to the average of 35, 24, and 17 times the average perpene in 2022-2024. The "Girl Star" under the banner of the Volkswagen Group and the Eian brand are the leading players in the current field of autonomous electric intelligence in the country and are in the new car cycle with the popular version and the vast abundance. The company’s principal income and investment earnings are expected to increase in double-digit terms over the next 2-3 years, and the scale effect will help the company.
Given that the Biadi valuation as a pure new energy vehicle vehicle company is significantly higher than the average car company, and that the sw was 23 times the size of the car plate in 2022, we believe that the company is given the risk of an outbreak: 2) chip shortage risk: 3) Autonomous and joint venture sales are lower than expected: 4) raw materials increase prices
Over-expected risk: 5) Lower-than-expected risk of cost control. 1 Company profile: domestic high-quality automobiles group, 1.1 car-type rich car industry chain closed with faster sales
The company was founded on 28 June 2005 as a limited company of the Guangzhou Automobile Group, established in June 1997, and achieved a+h shares as a whole in 2012. The company’s main business now consists of research and development, whole cars (cars, motorcycles), spare parts, commercial services, finance and travel services, which constitute the complete closure of the automobile industry.
There are currently dozens of well-known companies under the Group’s flag, including the BVR (broad-broad-blowing), BVEAN (a new, autonomous energy-based vehicle), BHN, BHN (bong-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bok), R&D production and sales are company revenues and profits Leopard/gs4/gs8/m6/m8 and aions/aionsplus/aionvplus/aion-aion-aion
y: Joint venture brands cover, inter alia, flight/ling/Yaku/Jiji/Kiji/Kiji/Kidx and others under the banner of Hiro-Toyota, as well as a series of suv models under the banner of Toyota/Toyota/Hanlanda/Hanranda and others, as well as a series of other large-scale Fik and Hiro-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
In terms of total traffic sales, group sales increased from 742,000 in 2011-2021 to 2,144,000 in 2011 and continued to grow at a rapid rate, with a compound annual increase. Structurally, the ratio between the volume and the volume of sales dominated by 36.4% and 38.6%, respectively, according to data for 2021; followed by the number of vehicles in the use of the vehicle (broad traffic) at 15.1%, while growth grew at a rapid rate.
In general, the solar system is a group sale of “fundamental stones” and a new cycle of autonomous driving power in the field of electro-intelligent intelligence, and the growth of Eian.
In the context of 1.2 state enterprises, the equity structure is more centralized. The company's major shareholders are Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., with 52.56% shareholding as of the 2022st Quarterly. The actual control is the Guangzhou City State Finance Committee.
Effective and rapid implementation of business decision-making. 2 Autonomous rise and co-founder of the firm ' s bright future 2.1 Industry analysis: A recovery growth in automobile sales throughout the year and a rapid wave of electricization
Quick, reversing the previous three consecutive years of decline. In the second to fourth quarters of last year, sales fell in three consecutive quarters, with the worst three quarters of the shortfall falling by 11.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and four quarters of the year, after the edge of the chip supply, started to recover, with the ring growing by 36.4 per cent, and the same quarter dropping by 2.4 per cent.
The volume of wholesale sales increased by 9.1 per cent and the ring decreased by 16.4 per cent, less than in the same period since 2017, showing that car companies were active in the production of repossesses when the chips were supplied, but the volume of wholesale sales in March was more affected by the epidemic, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year; and, at the same time, the control of the epidemic had an impact on the consumption of automobile terminals by limiting logistics and travel, with the Quarterly Multiply Multiply Use.
Retailing dropped by 4.5 per cent the same year, with a 10.5 per cent drop in March. Short-term industry affected by the epidemic led to a two-fold weakening of supply and demand.
At the same time, the pipeline depth has risen since the last quarter of last year, from 1.75 in March, and the industry’s resurfacing has continued. Although the spread of the epidemic in the country since March has led to the suppression of short-term car consumption, with the central re-emphasized that the overall tone of the epidemic, which is highly regulated, is likely to gradually improve in the future.
With effective control, social production is expected to return to normal gradually, especially since mid-April, when Jilin and Shanghai have resumed work and stress tests, and the future supply of the industry is expected to improve. As a result, the normal build-up of the auto industry is expected to be prolonged.
New-energy cars are showing an extraordinary performance: the global wave of car electricization has accelerated, driven by the vision of “carbon neutrality.” According to public disclosure data, the global sale of electric cars has increased from 125,000 vehicles in 2012 to 2021.
The market, supported by policy support, has entered the sale period, from 75,000 vehicles in 2014 to 2021, the largest electric vehicle market, with an increase in sales penetration from 0.3 per cent to 13.4 per cent; and the domestic sale of electric vehicles in the first quarter of this year has increased from 1.57 million.
However, domestic electric vehicle holdings remain relatively low, with only 2.9% in the last quarter of the year, and there is much room for improvement in the future. We believe that future global and domestic sales of electric vehicles will continue to grow at a rapid pace, driven by Governments and automobile companies.
With regard to the pattern of competition, in 2021 there was a high rate of growth in the sale of electric vehicles by the country's major vehicle companies, with the top three selling the upper-air group, Biade and Tesla (Shanghai), with a market share of 20.8 per cent/17.2 per cent and 13.4 per cent, respectively, of 73.3.6.4 per cent and a market share of 143,000 in 2021.
2.2 Autonomy rises: the twin stars' “twilight” and “Ayan” have been active since last year in the high-quality autonomous branding of cars, represented by Biadi, the Wall, Chang-Ann's autonomy, on-board autonomy and wide-broadness autonomy, and in the new domestic head-building forces, represented by smallness, in the dynamic electric smart car market, intensive distribution, roll-out.
New models, such as the Biadedmi series and Oceannet series, the Great Wall Cats/Shallow series, the Long Anuni series, the Superstar/Firfian/Swiss Series, the Broad-Ann series/Photo Leopards, the ec6/et7/et5 and the pap7/p5/g9 series, were well-reacted and highly marketed. At the same time, mainstream joint ventures were driven by overseas epidemics and chip shortages at Headquarters.
By contrast, opening up the market in China has slowed overall, sales have been weak, and lost market shares have been taken up autonomously. Overall, the sales of 2021/2022q1 autonomous brands have grown strongly by 23.4% or 20.6%, compared to the joint venture brands of 3.9%/+0.9%, corresponding to a sharp rise in the share of 2022q1 autonomous brands to 45.9%.
2.2.1 "Multiform + Smart" binuclear drive rapid development The current wide-voltage auto panels are divided into two major twin-star brands: "Pop-Tep" and "Ean".
Under the circumstances, the capacity to build production bases in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Yichang, and Xinjiang continues to expand, with the latest output reaching 720,000 vehicles per year. The 2011 - 14 wave transfer period is an initial rapid growth period, and 2015 - 17 is driven by a series of intensive new car cycles (the successive introduction of gs4/gs3/gs7/gs8/gm8).
In 2018-20, high-speed growth was achieved for three years in a row, with fewer competitive new models combined with a significant slowdown in the growth of wide-broadbroadbreed sales and a two-year decline in a row; in 2021, it entered a new cycle of car weeks, followed by the rollout of car models such as Shadow Panthers, gs4plus, second-generation gs8 and m6pro, with reasonable pricing, mainly for young consumption.
In the group, sales recovered significantly to 324,000 vehicles, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the previous year, which was higher than the 6.5 per cent increase in passenger traffic. The most recent figure, 90 million vehicles sold in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 21.8 per cent over the previous year, was that of 36,000 vehicles sold in the gs4 series, an increase of 28.6 per cent over the same year, and 12,000 vehicles sold in the m6, an increase of 60.0 per cent over the same year.
Under the “double carbon” strategy, the industry double-counting has accelerated the process of hybridization of vehicles, which, according to the Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technology Road Map 2.0, accounted for 50/75/100 per cent of traditional vehicles in 2025/2030/2035, i.e., 50/100 per cent by 2035 respectively, i.e., 50/75/100 per cent by 2035, i.e., between blending and penetration of new energy vehicles.
There is much room for development. In the current two-nuclear-driven development strategy called "mixing + intelligence" , to which Toyotaths and the autonomous gmc hybrid system are used to mix up the entire vehicle pattern by 2025, with sales of more than 60% in 2030. The second generation of gs8 has been installed on the Toyotaths system, and fuel consumption is significantly lower than the fuel version.
At the same time, power performance is stronger than that of other major autonomous hybrid models, which are more competitive in the market and are worth selling, and it is expected that subsequent models such as Leopard, M8 and others will continue to be rolled out, further enriching the hybrid product lines. One model (i.e. 2 mpv, 2 sedans, 3 suv) will be quickly introduced, based on market demand, around the following:
The value, "high quality, " high pva" (or high value for money) is a product of three competitive upgrading strategies. There is now a car type, which will be adjusted for the future model of ga4\ga6\ga8, and a different class of car will be launched, drawing on the experience of the leopard; this year, a new compact suvemkoo will be launched.
We believe that the future is driven by a dual-nuclear development strategy of “mixed + intelligent” and that the supply of vehicles is expected to continue to optimize, and market competitiveness is expected to continue to improve, thus contributing to a more rapid growth in the volume of mass traffic. Figure 20: Trends in sales (in thousands)
Figure 21: History of branding development: Figure 22: Binuclear-driven development strategy for release of “mixed + smart” Figure 23: Rich product lines for branded cars
• Total car-type mixing in 2025, combined sales in 2030 were over 60 per cent, challenging the gs4 family: gs4 guidance cost 898,000 yuan: gs4plus guidance cost 12 680,000 yuan: carbon neutralization in 2045
The price of the gs4cou guidance is 13,68,000; the gs4phev guidance is 16.38 million. The price of the commingled gs3power guidance is 848 thousand; and the price of the new second generation gs8 guidance is 18,68 million.
• Two industry-led hybrid systems, supported by a wide-voltage wave power: 1) combined with a wide-voltage 2.0atk engine and a wide-voltage gmc 2.0 system; 2) a wide-voltage 2.0tm engine and a Toyota 4th-generation ths hybrid system, completely new
The second generation of gs8 has taken the lead in carrying the system. The guidance cost is $1088,000: plus8 for 15,680,000, and the hyper-interactive intelligent cabin is 4.0, with the coronary 8155 chip at its core.
Powered up to 3.6 million times/seconds, the most powerful brain in the cabin, a wide-ranging, intelligent piloting aid system that carries the super-arimental domain control platform m6 family: m6 guidance at $10.98 million: m6 guidance at $12.98 million.
And 34 high-performance sensors, covering high-speed, urban, parking point-to-point scenarios, supporting high-speed, city-to-place and parking areas with intelligent pilot assistance to auto-route with the prescribed navigation path.
Figure 24: The mix of cars with a large future development space, with a smooth roll-out of production capacity, Eyan is expected to become the new "heavy" of the electric stage, another brand, "Eane" (which is the new energy vehicle company, Hiro-Ean-Ean) with a wide proprietorship, and its predecessor is the new energy source.
The company, founded in 2017 and operating officially independently in 2020, is a vehicle for the development of a new-energy motor industry with the BNSG. The current BNSE company is implementing a mix-up (mainly for employee equity incentives, GVA technologists' “top-down” ownership of the BAS) and a simultaneous introduction to meet the restructuring needs of the state-owned capital layouts through a non-public agreement.
Some of the strategic investors to be made). After the replenishment has been completed, the registered capital of Hiroshima Eyan will be increased from $6 billion to approximately $6,421 million, of which the BGG and the full-fledged subsidiary will have a combined share of about 93.45%, the BHEAN Stakeholder Incentives Platform and the BHI Science and Technology Holdings Platform will hold a combined share of about 4.55%, the TKN, the South Net Dynamics, and the Guangzhou Ai-Ai-Aan Holdings.
About 2%. These initiatives are conducive to the creation of broad-based E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T....-T-T-T.
Business development provides a stronger support to further enhance corporate competitiveness and profitability. In the future, the group will launch a broad-based EANA round of finance and stock system change in line with the development of the EEA, introducing strategic market-based investors with strategic synergies, policy orientation, market influence, and making a real move toward a broad-based EAan mix; since then, EA will take full advantage of the capital.
This market, which seeks to be marketed at every opportunity, creates an independent capital market platform that promotes the sustainability of the company, the company, the gas industry Eyan, and currently includes aions, aiony, aionsplus, aionvplus and aionlxplus, with prices covering 100,000-400,000 won, the growing abundance of product lines, the reliance on intelligent configurations and a rejuvenation of designs, Eian
The market competitiveness of brands has increased significantly in the last two years, with high sales growth, reaching 6.0.12 million in 2020-21. In terms of plant capacity, Eian currently has two plants, and the first smart ecological plant has risen to 200,000 vehicles per year with the completion of the second phase in February of this year, thus effectively alleviating the pressure on production bottlenecks caused by high sales since last year;
The plant is currently under construction, with a planned capacity of 200,000 vehicles per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year. Thus, in 2023, the total EA output could be expected to reach 400,000 vehicles per year, thus effectively meeting its new vehicle planning and high demand.
The layout of the 200,000-300,000-car-type market, which will be launched next year on the basis of a brand-new Gep3.0 platform, will be placed on the market. Overall, the E-An-car-type optimized supply combines the release of capacity, and future sales are expected to remain fast at 2.3 days to coincide with the advanced domestic market, with sustained growth in the future.
From 2016 to 18, the company ' s operating profits were higher than the net return on investments in joint ventures and joint ventures, corresponding to the share of operating profits, respectively, based on corporate disclosures, the ratio of aggregate financial data to all joint companies of the company ' s seven joint ventures, dominated by Hiroshima Honda, Hiroshima Toyota, Hiromi Fik, Hirogas Mitsubishi, Hiroshima Yono, Hiroshima and Goi-Honda Motors (Huangzhou) companies
On the basis of the income end split, the main share of the combined revenues of Hiro Honda and Hiro Toyota, which together amounted to 87.6 per cent and 88.5 per cent in 2020/2011, will be added to the investment returns of the joint venture and the joint venture, after deducting the net profits of the major joint venture in proportion to the share held.
In terms of investment returns from major joint ventures, the investment returns from major joint ventures were found to account for a high proportion of investment returns from joint ventures and joint ventures, with the latest share amounted to 87.1 per cent/87.8 per cent in 2020/2011, and therefore, based on the income-end ratio, the net profits from Hiroshima and Toyota also are estimated to account for the main share of net profits from joint ventures.
The future development of Toyota has a crucial impact on the overall performance of the company. 2.3.1 Honda, the new vehicle configuration has grown steadily and rapidly.
In February 2020, the second phase of the project to expand the production capacity of the city's plants was launched, with a new capacity of 770,000 vehicles produced and produced, including the canopy under Honda's brand name, Yakaku, and the model.
G, Odyssey, Odyssey, Shadow, Mind, Leng, Flying Eight Series, pure electric suvve-1, and rdx, cdx series under the brand of acura. With regard to car-type competitiveness, Yakaku is more competitive in the medium-sized car market, with 201,000 vehicles sold at Yakaku in 2021.
(an average of 17,000 vehicles per month) and 96,000 cars per month (an average of 0.8 million per month), an increase of 53.9 per cent over the same period;
Driven by the continuous diversification of the vehicle fleet and its renewal, the overall sales volume of the Broad Book increased from 386,000 vehicles in 2010 to 78 million in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 6.6 per cent, which is higher than the 4.1 per cent of the vehicles used during the same period.
The number of vehicles continued to rise to 116,000 in 2021, with a compound rate of up to 83.4 per cent per year, becoming a bright spot in the structure of sales, corresponding to new vehicle-type planning, and this year's wide-scale launch of pure electricity e: np1, a completely new medium suv, shadow and mind-changing mosaics will further enrich the broad product matrix and enhance market competitiveness. In the medium- and long-term, we believe, in the context of the sport,
Driven by the continued abundance of the turbo, sporthybrid and sportev models, and by an improved intelligent configuration, sales are expected to continue to grow steadily and rapidly.
• Production of vehicles:  Production of vehicles: ya
• Production pattern: Y.T. 36: sales of H.H.H.V. models (in 10,000 units) Figure 38: trends in sales of H.H.V. in H.H. (in 10,000 units)
Sportturbo, sporthybrid, sportev three arrows.
The senses system hundasensing and so forth will be equipped with more models — the strategic intermediate model will accumulate two weeks after the end of last year — and last year's new replacements will be in Yaga, Ling and Odyssey's future.
Figure 39: Hiro Moto Honda ' s new model 2022. 2.3.2 Wide-air Toyota: The car system is rich and three strategies are helping to grow. Hiroshima Toyota was established on 1 September 2004 as a joint venture of 50 per cent of the funds of the Toyota and the Toyota vehicles.
In industry, there are currently cars under the flag of Camery, Lui Ling, Ling Sang, showcasing and enjoyment; suv: Handa, Weiwei, Wilanda, ch-r, Flylanda; mpv: Sena, Alpha double import; mpv: New Hlanda, Weiwei, Wilanda double-dip, Kemeri double-dip, and c-hr double-dip, as the new energy generation expands.
The construction of 200,000 annual production units was launched in July 2021, with a total capacity of 800,000 vehicles per year in Hiroshima. According to the information disclosed, 200,000 units per year of new energy expansion projects (phase 2) will be completed this year, so that this year the capacity will rise to 1 million units per year in Hiroshima.
This is 23.4% long, and the overall growth is positive. In 2021, the sales of the latest 22q1 Camery and Wilanda were 6,93,000 vehicles, an increase of 73.3 per cent/33.6 per cent, respectively, depending on the technical advantages of this smutting, with a wide variety of hybrid versions added to the main model, with six hybrid vehicles currently under the flag.
The volume of sales rose from 67,000 in 2018 to 183,000 in 2021, with an annual compound increase of up to 39.9 per cent, and became structural. For the future, Toyota will fully advance the three main strategies, namely, a comprehensive high-end strategy, a full-scale electricization strategy and a cross-cutting science and technology strategy.
Further, in early January of this year, two new, fully new suv sylandas and Weiweis were introduced, of which, in March, the number of sales increased to 7318, bringing the first quarter to 12,000, with a strong upward trend and potential to become a hot-marketed car. We expect that, with the continued cultivation in the field of electric motor intelligence and the continued energy in the field of hybridism, the new cycle will continue, and the volume of future sales will continue.
Table 4: Toyota-type hybrids 2.4. Continuous powered electric intelligence, open space for company growth in the medium and long term
In order to respond positively to the industry's wave of electric intelligence development, the Volkswagen Group launched the “Green Glass Project” last year at the Shanghai Car Fair, with the main objectives of achieving full carbon neutralization of products by 2050 (challenge 2045). On response measures, it was proposed to increase the share of new energy vehicles and energy-efficient cars in the Smart Network: 1) a general mix of traffic communications; and (2) 2025
At the same time, for the 14th Five-Year Period, the Volkswagen Group has launched the 1615 Strategy, which aims, among other things, to increase sales and income.
The company’s proposal for a full-scale upgrading of electrification, intellectual association, digitization, sharing and internationalization demonstrates the importance that the Department attaches to the development of motor motor intelligence.
Driven by the Eian brand, the company as a whole continued to increase its sales of new energy by car, from 0.4 million vehicles in 2016 to 144.8 per cent more than in 2016; the company ' s revenue from new energy by vehicle increased from $370 million in 2016 to 2021, as shown in figure 48: Revenue from and movement of new energy by vehicle by the Broad Gas Group
2.4.1 Autonomy: The proprietorship focuses on hybrid and hydrogen energy, EAAN focuses on pure electricity, and since the future plans of EA will be separated and independently marketed, EA will focus on pure electric intelligence models in order not to engage in competition among peers, while the proprietorship focuses on other power-driven models, such as fuel trucks, hybrids and hydrogen energy.
According to the company network, there is currently a gs4phev plug-in model under the flag of the company, while the Eian has aions, aiony and aionsplus, aionvplus and aionlxplus five. From sales data, the entire group and the autonomous new energy vehicles are mainly contributed by EA, with EA in 2019/2020/2011 taking over the new energy sources of the Broad Gas Group.
The share of motor vehicle sales is 99.5%/78.3%/84.1%, and the share of new energy vehicles in the group is 85.0% for 2022q1. With the roll-out of hybrid vehicles, the EA’s pure electric smart model has been upgraded and optimized, the supply has become more diversified, and it is expected that sales of new vehicles that do not allow for broad-based, autonomous energy will continue to grow rapidly.
• Focus on fuel cars, hybrids, hydrogen energy, etc.
In terms of intelligence, the company published at the 2021 Guangzhou Car Fair X-soul, which consists of three core groups of computers: a car number mirror cloud and a central computer, a smart driver computer, and an information entertainment computer, equipped with high-speed technology such as the Tainet, 5g, information security and functional security, which can efficiently support pure electricity, hybrid vehicle-type integration.
The meso-computed electronic and electrical architecture, with both "integrated" and "mixed" features, supports autopilots, combines a variety of new functions, such as advanced assistive driving, 5g interconnectivity, and supports the rapid deployment of new energy and energy-efficient car technologies to enable green travel with intelligent driving and energy-efficient reduction. The new architecture is 50 times higher than the previous generation of electronic and electrical structures.
Data transfer rate increased by 10 times, wire beam circuits decreased by about 40%, controllers reduced by about 20, inch screens, four-screen connections, applications for double-opening, four-sonic smart voice interaction, and interconnected eco-services. And, with a wide skyrocketed electro-electric structure, smart pods will evolve, leading to intelligent aides, smart scene recommendations, etc.
In the case of smart driving, the wide-space autonomous brand now produces a full range of advanced intelligent driving support systems, achieving the leading functions and scenes of intelligent piloting (nda), memory parking (hpa), remote parking (rpa), etc.
The Institute of Wide Aerobics will build on a wide-ranging spacecraft electronic and electrical structure, full-scale push-up with laser radars, high-performance computers, high-quality camera smart-drive high-calculus computing platform output, auto-guided acillary driving in accordance with defined navigational paths, support for one-way cruises, auto-up and down lanes, auto-transmissions, auto-supercars, auto-impedients, etc., in the future.
On this basis, the Academy will continue to improve the platform’s arithmetic and perceptive capabilities, and promote the development of il4 autopilot products through continuous algorithm evolution and scenario expansion. We believe that, with the continued cultivation of electric and intelligent areas, the future will be vast, especially the wisdom of autonomous vehicles.
It is hoped that the competitiveness of the electric-powered vehicle will continue to improve, so as to establish a firm foothold in the boom of self-empowerment and achieve brand power and market share.
Thus, from 2020 to 21, the volume of new vehicles sold in joint ventures was 16.22 million, showing that the development of new vehicles in the joint ventures, mainly in broad terms and in large amounts, has been slow and is still in the early stages of development. There are currently three new energy vehicles under the banner of Hiroshima: e+, ve-1 and Xeleea, with a new energy model of Toyota.
As Honda’s latest electric strategy with China and Toyota was launched last year, the scale of investment and car-type planning were much more positive than before, with Honda’s new brand of pure electricity e:n, installed into a new intelligent and efficient electricity structure, “e:n:”
Arcitecture, along with the introduction of an integrated hundasensing, hundaconfect, and an intelligent digital module, the All-Te:nos ecosystem, which combines a high degree of motorization and intelligence, is expected to provide a clear indication of the market competitiveness of the new smart brand.
Toyota plans to invest a cumulative $8 trillion (about $447.8 billion for the population) by 2030 in the development of full-product wires and powered cars, of which $4 trillion (about $22.39 billion for the pure electric sector) will be used. Of this amount, the new energy plant will be completed in the second phase of the current year, resulting in an annual capacity of 400,000 new energy vehicles, and this year in vehicle-type planning.
The Bz4x model will be launched under a pure electric platform, and a pre-sale (subsidized for $220-300,000) is now in place, with five electric vehicles scheduled to be launched by 2025. On the basis of this analysis, we believe that with the expansion and expansion of new brands, new models, and production capabilities, we have been able to create a new model that will allow us to build a new one.
Two major joint venture brands are expected to be “back-to-back” in the Chinese electric car market, and sales will increase faster, with a corresponding market share expected compared to the new energy model under the banner of Toyota.
• On October 13, 2021, Honda China officially launched the brand of a new pure electric vehicle, "e:n" e:n" series, which will carry a new, intelligent and efficient electricity structure developed by Honda, e:n arcitecture, which integrates an efficient power-driven power plant with a high density of large capacity.
Batteries, exclusive electric car racks and chassis platforms will be launched in 2022 e:np1, new plant for pure electric vehicles will be completed in 2024, and five electric vehicles will be launched in the next five years.
• All new models launched in China after 2030 were pure electric vehicles and hybrid vehicles, and no new fuel vehicles were placed.
Figure 56: The new Chinese brand Honda combines a new intelligent and efficient electricity structure with a multi-billion-dollar intellectually controlled ecosystem, a 45.7 per cent increase in the same year, mainly as a result of the rapid growth in autonomous sales of the Twin Stars. Structurally, cars are public, and the return on investment has continued to grow, mainly in Toyota and Hiro Hida. The automobile industry has continued to grow since 2019.
The firm ' s net return on investment was significantly higher than its operating profits. Net corporate gains grew by 22.1 per cent in 2015-2021 compared to 22.1 per cent in 2015 and increased rapidly during the recovery period. The most recent net profit of 22q1 companies was $2.99 billion, or 27.5 per cent compared to 27.5 per cent, mainly due to rapid growth at the end of the harvest and a rapid increase in investment returns (22.8 per cent compared with 22.8 per cent).
3.2 Net interest rates are higher than comparable companies, turnover rates have rebounded, asset liabilities are lower than industry, the new cycle of autonomous vehicle use has passed, sales have declined by 28.1 per cent/8.1 per cent, and the corresponding scale effect has fallen
Assumption 1: Autonomous Twin Stars, driven by mixing and smart electrodynamics, have been growing faster, with absolute valuations using fcfe valuations since 2022-24. No risk rate: 10-year rate of return on maturity of national debt;
(2) Beta coefficient: the unleveraging beta coefficient of the company as a company relative to the 300 index of the depth of the company since its listing; 3) effective tax rate: 15%. Table 9: fcfe valuation results
Table 10: fcfe valuation sensitivity analysis, we selected four high-quality whole-car companies a similar to the company's business, the Gianan, the Wall and Biade as comparable companies, in which both the upper-gas group and the German-American joint venture under the Gyan flag were companies that voted.
In 2022 and 2024, the average perpen was 35, 24, 17 times. The two-star transmission under the banner of the Volvo Group and the Eian brand are expected to maintain double-digit growth in both the company's annual principal revenues and investment returns, with the scale effect on the profitability of the firm, with a three-year net profit compound growth rate of 26.8 per cent for the parent, given that the Biadi valuation as a pure new energy vehicle company is significantly higher than that of the Biadi.
In general, the car company, which is 23 times the size of the sw car block in 2022, gives the company a risk of disease in 2022, 1. The whole company has a long chain of business, a large number of parts and components, and there is a risk that the company will be affected in the production of the whole car if an outbreak causes one or more zero component suppliers to stop or reduce production due to regulation.
2) Risk of shortage of chips. The whole car has many kinds of chips, one missing. If the global supply of a certain type of car chip is affected by an outbreak or natural disaster, the company has the risk of impact on the entire production of the car. 3) Risk of low intervention periods of autonomous and joint sales.
The trend in sales is a key factor in the growth of corporate incomes and profits, as well as in the pace and pace of growth. There is a risk that corporate business performance will fall short of expectations if the growth in sales is significantly slowed, or even slipped, by autonomous twin stars and large, large sales due, for example, to the control of the epidemic or the decline in market competitiveness.
There is a risk that the company’s profits will be eroded if the price of the raw materials rises significantly. As a result, the company runs the risk of erosion of its profits.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.