The first quarter of 2022 saw a 27 per cent increase in the net return profit, a steady increase in the energy of the gas Eyan, a car and a passenger car.
The profits are growing at the same time, and the amount of free sales continues to grow. For the whole of 2021, companies collected 75,676 million yuan, an increase of 113 per cent and 117 per cent in the ring ratio; for the first quarter of 2022, companies collected $23,268 million, a significant increase in the same/iron revenues, mainly due to the favourable sales of autonomous brand names, and the same increase in the sales of new Eian energy vehicles.
A 1.5-fold increase in net profits was mainly due to increased investment returns from joint ventures/associates. Impacts such as higher prices of raw materials and corresponding increases in cost and scale benefits improved the company ' s Māori ratio. Cost controls were good during the period.
In the first quarter of 2022, corporate sales/management/research and development (R & D)/financial cost rates were, respectively, “Bang Gas Group - 601238 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Innovations in November, EAAN Replenishment.
Three-quarter review: joint venture brand pressure, self-contained forms. Total vehicle sales in the Division amounted to 21.44 million vehicles, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period.
Volkswagen/Board car sales were 82.80/78.03/32.42/1202, respectively, with a similar increase of 82.80.03/32.42/1202.00.
This represents an increase of 22.5 per cent/-6.5 per cent, of which Toyota/Toyota/Tooka/Tota/Tota/Tota/Tota/Tota/Tota/Toga/E-A-E-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
This represents a 20% increase in the same year and a 23% increase in the net profit from the mother. In the quarter of 2021, the company collected $20,163 million, an increase of 1 to 4% in the same/ring ratio, a net profit from the mother of $2,051 million, a net profit from the same/ring of $3,309 million, a 27 to 47% increase in the same/ring ratio.
For the benefit of autonomous brand sales, EA ' s new energy vehicle sales increased 1.5 times the same time, and net profits increased significantly, with companies contributing largely to investment returns. Corporate investment earnings increased by $11,814 million, or 19 per cent, for the entire year 2021, accounting for 16/161 per cent of operating income/mother ' s net profits.
Figure 6: Quarterly investment returns and year-on-year returns of BG: Quarterly investment returns of BG as a share of net profits from revenue collection and repatriation increased by 0.6 percentage points from year-on-year Māori.
Cost controls were good during the period, with a 3.3 percentage point drop in the cost-rate ratio during the quarter. The main brand sales of companies increased by the same amount in each quarter of the year 2021, and Eyan's sales made a big run-off in the industry. The total sales of company vehicles for the year 2021 were 2,144,000, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period.
The sales volume of the gas industry was 82.80/78/32.42/1202 million, compared with 24.70/21.24/9.04/449 million for the field/broad gas passenger vehicle/broad car sales, compared with the increase of the sales volume of the gas industry/broadblast Honda/broadbreath vehicle/broadbreather sales, respectively.
The recent release of popular and pure trams such as aiony, aionsplus, aionvplus and aionlxplus has become the few new full-system-based motor vehicle brands in the dominant consumer market of 10-20 million grades, laying a solid foundation for its full-scale outbreak in the new energy car market.
In terms of technology, Hiromoyan attracts a large number of young users with an advanced, fun, new, high-quality technology branding. Aions are the country's first-ever pure-electric extension of 510 km, and the first-ever global-lead-in-depth integration into a high-performance “triple-one” power drive makes it possible for the aions to function efficiently.
92 per cent, representing the highest mobility efficiency level in the current industry; the “100,000-grade technology first class” aiony extraction, using an autonomously developed ballistic battery system safety technique, achieved for the first time in the industry the Trinity Lithium Batteries package needles without fire; and the aionvplus rides the Adigo Immobilization Ecosystem version 4.0 with industry top currents.
In November 2021, the state bus show opened for the first time with silicon cell battery technology, a four-in-one integrated power drive, and a global launcher.
With the second generation of modifiable laser radars, more than 1,000 kgm continues, two-second class 100 km acceleration and city dna-led pilot driving. In addition, the Wide-Ann Smart Ecology Plant, as an intelligent plant capable of large-scale customization, now has more than 60,000 custom combinations on its exclusive app.
Figure 17: Aionvplus, 26 April, where the brand name of the new hybrid technology under the Electrification Strategy was officially released by a wide-voltage fax, which has a dual hybrid technology route, is being developed to the self-researched gmc binary chain and to the commingled system;
Toyota's latest ths hybrid system is digested, and innovation has broken through the perfect combination of turbo-pressure engines and ths systems. Both systems are well equipped and offer different enjoyments to users.
High-quality, low fuel consumption, strong power, quieter, super-square five core advantages, with a strong expansion, including caps, plugs, boosters, and even hydrogen power systems. Route 2 digests and breaks through the innovative wide-gas 2.0tm engine to match the latest ths power mix.
System, with low fuel consumption and strong power. A new second-generation gs8 series with the latest ths hybrid system, with an acceleration of 0.9 seconds, with a tank of oil capable of running more than 2022 km (exceeding I temperature of 10-25° Ci pressure of 2.8bar), orders continue to climb up and secure 200,000 Chinese mass sales champions in the first quarter.
The most powerful motors, the most intelligent electrical controls, and high power cells 24/7. Integration of state-of-the-art technologies, with 2.oatk engines with a maximum heat efficiency of 42.1%, providing more power and fuel economy. Gmc power coupling systems with integrated binoculars multi-block dht, with multiple multiple mode drivers and large torque transmissions.
At the launch, as a wave-mixing first item of gmc2.0, the phantoms were also officially visible. In their overall design, the phantoms continued the technical-industrial aesthetic design language of the emk00 concept, incorporating the precision of the industry and the technological imagination.
One, technology, front guard, energy. Meets more young consumers with personal aesthetics. On the power side, in addition to riding waves, using the 2.0atk-efficient Atkinson engine +gmc 2.0 second-generation coupling system, in order to meet the diverse needs of users, it will also carry wave engines 1.5 tgdi engines, as well as thugs.
Wave power 2.otgdi motors, in addition to the telephotos, bring in intelligent butler-style pilot technology. Through adigo, you drive the interconnected ecosystem, you ride the top industrial high-tech 8155 chips, and you have a new super-intelligent interactive intelligence module for young people.
They bring with them a immersed multi-model interactive experience of intelligence.
Investment proposals: Integrated and synergistic efficiency improvements in corporate production and marketing, product focus, digital marketing, breakthroughs, autonomous brands, and a number of breakthroughs in technology such as sponge silicon, box battery, safety, super fast charge battery technology, etc.
Digital marketing, with a crowd-of-bang digital accelerator (gda) group, is moving towards a digital transformation from marketing, regulation to intelligent manufacturing, research and development.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject