Xiaokang shares (601127.sh) Xiaokang shares: negative impact of impairment of short-term assets and long-term new talent
The company published three quarterly reports on 27 October 2017. The company ' s accumulated operating income for the first three quarters of the year was $14,510 million, an increase of 42.24 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $490 million, an increase of 68.76 per cent.
Business income of $4,439 million was realized over the period, an increase of 14.83 per cent over the same period, a net return of $100 million to the mother, and sustained growth in the performance of the Automobile and Spare Parts Industry Research Group (AGR).
The company adjusted its product structure from its traditional micro-cars, which have enjoyed a fast-growing dividend of suv for the last two years, with more than 10,000 vehicles, sales of more than 10,000 vehicles per month, effective product price increases, and a similar Māori q3 increase of 2.32 ptt. The follow-up roll of new models, such as wind 580 sprouts and winds560, is expected to continue.
The power animal party, Rudd's lead, and the company's logistics platform, Rudd's car, has made a profit of 90 million dollars in 16 years, producing a new energy logistics car.
13,751 vehicles, which have been encouraged by policies and fewer miles of anxiety, have supported the rapid development of electric animal currents, and since July, when production in the electric animal currents industry has been released, the profits from Ritz's contribution will have doubled throughout the year, and output will have reached 20,000 vehicles, effectively supporting company performance.
Cost rates are properly controlled, with impairments expected to affect performance 6.14 per cent of corporate q3 sales costs, a decrease of 0.37 pct over the same period; financial costs 0.38 per cent, a negative impact on 17 years of net return profits.
The company spent $33 million to buy the company's founder, ivist, inc., while its founder, Martin Eberhard, joined the company's subsidiary, sfmotos, inc., insidevit major electric power.
Automobile battery systems are developed and designed to significantly reduce costs by standardizing the design of battery module systems. Inevit has obtained a Euro300,000 purchase order and has contacted a number of major automobile companies. The introduction of teams with advanced international technology will help to incinerate companies in the area of new energy vehicles and to nurture new ones.
In the case of energy cars, the basis for the company’s growth point after 18 years. In line with the precautionary principle, companies are given an “upscaling” rating.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the People’s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the Institute of Associated Securities.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.