High performance growth due to low base and long-silent climate - Eastern Rainbow ' s semi-annual performance rating 2021 25/08/2021
1.17 billion yuan, an increase of 2260.8 per cent over the same period, out of which 21q2 won $9.23 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 75.6 per cent over the same period;
At the income end: high growth in the company in the first half of the year, mainly due to two factors: the impact of the epidemic, the low revenue base in the first half of 2020; and the long-silent and high-priced products.
From four angles, the silhouette temperature will continue and the industry is expected to maintain its high profitability. (1) From the silhouette index: based on the three silhouette-related silhouettes of Kerbridge raw material, clothing-surface scrubbers and downstream silhouettes, the silhouettes are now above the historical average of 50 per cent, and the trend is upwards. (2) from the inventory cycle
Profitability judgement: based on the trend in the growth of the three products of Poy, Fody and dty, the elixir is settled in terms of profit enhancement and the high climate is right. (4) Based on other relevant indicators: based on the same ratio - Brunte crude oil price, pta price and pure veil price, the leading indicator - Kojibashi textile market gas index (Pilter)
The price of the elixir is on the rise. After refining and acquiring and taking care of the state, the company's performance has improved considerably.
The post-partum benefits are expected to be over $10 billion: 16 million tons of the Seine Refinement project is expected to be operational by the end of 2021 and, according to estimates, $10.2 billion in net profit from the 16 million tons of Seine Refinery project at the end of the post-partum period, at $70 per barrel.
70%) will continue to benefit from increased demand due to the future high growth in the photovoltaic sector, while supply oversupply patterns guarantee the high profitability of Sharbeva’s operations. On the other hand, the launch of Phase II will make Sharbun the most productive acrylic industry in the country, with an increase in performance.
Based on a net profit of $4 billion in Srbon I and $1.54 billion in the post-natal period after the end of the second cycle, the Eastern Rainbow (000301), in-depth study: refining, production and acquisition of Srbon, will bring performance to a new level.
Pe, 10.3 times as high as 2021 for petrochemicals, helium petrochemicals and fugitive petrochemicals, taking into account that the company's performance will increase further after the acquisition and presentation of the silbon petrochemicals, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The process of acquisition and presentation of petrochemicals is slow; crude oil prices are highly volatile. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized. Ph.D., in conjunction with the Rutgers Department of Chemicals, Nanjing University, with senior geologic and chemical background, in Jgr, jcis, energy & fuel
Many papers were published on drilling core analysis, geo-fluorescent simulations, etc. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry in the petrochemicals, construction materials, petrochemicals, and construction materials industry, with previous research experience in the automotive, shipping, and military industries.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,