On August 24, 2021, the Eastern Rainbow released the semi-annual report 2021, the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz)
During the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of $15,691 million, an increase of 65.43 per cent over the same year; it was placed on the market.
92.45 million yuan, including 2.19 billion dollars for Poy, Fody and dty, 1547 million yuan for research assistants in the petrochemical industry and 5,133 million yuan for polyester products such as slices, and 446 million yuan for pta contributions.
Dty contributed 32.71 per cent of the company's revenues, and its Māori is the highest in the company-owned “pta-optic” chain, with a dty Māori ratio in the first half of 2021, which benefited from the rise in crude oil prices and the rehabilitation of the epidemic, and the global recovery.
Good end demand recovery, long-silent eruption, 2nd quarter 2021, Pey and Fdy, average single-ton net profit in the Pey, Fdy and dty industries in the first half of the year, $304.61/
Tons, 155 yuan/tons and 462.53 yuan/tons. Polyester performance rebounded significantly, Big Refine Nuclear Devices 20211.07.08, January 2021
Net profits in the Pey, Fdy and dty industries in the second quarter of the year amounted to $358.74 per ton, respectively, and in the State of Sr. 14.36 billion, refined, single ton net profit - $90.12 per ton, with two quarters of pta ' s profits repaired.
The port petrochemical 2.4 million tonnes/year pta II project, with the introduction of the British Wetap8+ technology, has a much better cost advantage than the industry and has fully achieved the self-sufficiency of the company ' s pta raw materials and the completion of the material cover of the industrial chain.
The company currently has 2.3 million tonnes/year differences \triangleright chemical fibre production capacity, 3.9 million tonnes/year pta capacity, and is building 200,000 tonnes/year filamentation capacity.
In addition, the company planned a second fibre production base in Cebuyang, a further 250,000 tonnes/year of regenerative fibre production and 500,000 tonnes/year of functional fibre production. The company’s in-house increment consists of two parts, 16 million tonnes/year of refined crude oil processing capacity, 2.8 million.
Tons of aromatic hydrocarbons combined and 1.1 million tonnes/year ethylene fission units were handed over as core units on 30 June 2021 and are scheduled to become operational by the end of 2021 under a major refining project. A further 2#ethylene + phenol/propanone project is to be built to design ethanol devices of 10.9 million tonnes/year, phenol/propanone fittings
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
At this stage, the company is moving forward with the merger and restructuring of the company, which intends to offer $14.36 billion by issuing shares and paying cash.
When the merger is completed, the company will receive tons of tonne/yeareva, 420,000 tons of eo. Srbon is home-grown, and Srbon is currently building a propane industry chain project, which will add 700,000 tons/year to the post-partum production.
And with 260,000 tonnes/year acetylene, 85,000 tonnes/year mma. Sr. BP is one of the companies in the country that can provide photovoltaics. According to our calculations, it stopped on August 23, 2021, with 0.72 units of ethylene and 0.28 units of acetic acid this year.
The price difference of 17,461 yuan per ton is 75,80% higher than the average profit margin of 9,932 yuan per ton in 2016-2020. The photovoltaic sector will continue to grow at a high rate as carbon neutral progresses, with significant benefits for both the supply and demand patterns of photovoltaicseva and domestic photovoltaicseva production.
All right. On the whole, the supply and demand patterns of the industry in which the existing S.S. petrochemical products are located are good, and there is still a strong profitability and a leading advantage in the production capacity. On the other hand, S.S.P.D.D. projects are being built in an orderly manner and will also provide growth security for the company in the future. S.S.P.P.
Fong's rainbows help build the East's rainbow's integrated “smelting + polyester + fine chemical products” Pulse dragons. Profit prediction and investment rating: taking into account that Srbon's petrochemical injection has not yet been completed, Sr \triangleright will not be taken into account
We expect the company ' s net return profits for 2021-2023 to increase significantly its performance in production and the value of the company after Sino-Sulpin injection, respectively, and we maintain the company ' s risk factors: the process of refining integration projects and supporting projects is lagging behind, and the profits are not as high as expected.
Risks; risk of restructuring Sharbang at less than expected pace; risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of recovery of end-of-end demand at less than expected risk; continued profit spread as a result of the national overcapacity of pta; B.A. and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for the crude oil, gas and garment chains.
Research and evaluation of investments in the petrochemicals project of Sinda Asset Management, China. Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemicals industry, 18th New Wealth and Energy Mining, 2020. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, City University, London, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020 to carry out research in the petrochemicals industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.