During the year and a half, the company expected to realize a net profit of 1.1 to 1.2 billion yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
According to the company announcement, the year 2021 saw a sharp rebound in the same year, with the price of crude oil on the other hand due to improved demand for fibre-optic terminals.
Research assistant in the petrochemical industry led the industry to a recovery cycle, with a significant rise in the climate of chemical fibres; on the other hand, due to the second half of 2020, the company ' s 220,000 tonnes/year differentialized functional chemical fibres project and the midpumps.
Technology 60,000 tonnes/year pet regenerative fibres project was put into production, which is a higher profit than last year. According to our statistics, in the first quarter of 2021, single tons of profits in the Pey, Fody and Dty industries were 249.89, 87.20 and 497.42, respectively.
The single-ton profits in the poy, fdy and dty industries were $358.74, $222.05 and $428.02, respectively. The average single-ton profits in the poy, fdy and dty industries were 304.61, 155 and 462.53, respectively, in the first half of 2021.
The Pey and Fdy industries have recovered from the one-quarter net profit ring, and dty's earning capacity has been slightly enhanced. 2021.4.26 Multi-project disclosure.
Deep Farming New Materials 2021.06.26 Although pta profits have been repaired in two quarters, excess capacity has led to the industry's average profitability.
According to the \triangleright official network, the 16 million tonnes/year Rainbow Refinement Integration Project successfully completed the intermediate delivery of core devices, such as general depressure distillation, and formally moved to the stage of preparation for commissioning, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2021
The company’s profitability will be greatly enhanced when the project is operational and contributes to its full year’s performance. In addition, it has the same campus as its subsidiary, the pta, and the company’s company, Sreb, which has the advantage of synergizing the industrial chain in the park.
The restructuring of the BP is proceeding in an orderly manner. Srbonne and the Uttar Pradesh, the Ningbotts, are the only three companies in the country that can produce photovoltaics, which are now almost 60% dependent on imports. On the demand side, the built-up capacity of our photovoltaic market is complex for five years.
With an increase of 43.48 per cent and a gradual implementation of the “carbon neutralization” policy, the country's photovoltaic market is still wide open, and the demand for PVeva remains a blue sea, serving as the domestic alumni of the country, and the spelt of spelts poured into the Orient rainbow, helping to build the integration of the Orient rainbow “smelting + polyester + new materials”
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit in 2021-2023 to increase significantly the company ' s value after the silbonization injection, and we maintain the company 's "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: slow progress in the construction of the refining integration project and the supporting projects, with less profitability than expected \triangleright risk; less than expected risk of restructuring Shar State; risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; end-of-life risk
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries, and for the investment assessment of the petrochemical project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. Best analysis of the 18th New Wealth Energy Mining Industry, 2020.
Invited keynote speaker at major conferences in the petrochemical industry and published articles in authoritative media in the petrochemical industry, Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. M.A. Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, July 2020, Joined the Sinda Securities Research Development Programme, which worked in the petrochemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.