Incident: On 9 July 2021, the Eastern Rainbow released the " Portfolios and Cash Payments for Assets and Eastern Rainbows (000301.sh) Collection of Auxiliary Funds and Associated Transactions Report " , which the company intends to purchase by issuing shares and paying cash.
Rainbow petrochemicals, boon industries, confidence-building investments, and Slade shares in Chinese and Chinese assets. By consensus, the final transaction price for the assets the subject of the transaction was set at $14.36 billion.
Injection of $14.36 billion in Srbon and the addition of a "Big Chart" in the industrial chain. Srbon petrochemicals are a large private petrochemical enterprise focused on the production of high-value-added HCFO derivatives, using integrated production techniques, where methanol is used as a primary feedstock to produce intermediate products such as ethylene and acetylene, and thus to synthesize HCl derivatives.
The design capacity of the mto device is currently around 2.4 million tonnes/year (in methanol) in Shrbang, with single body sizes at the top of the world ' s completed mto devices, acrylonitrile, mma, petrochemical industry research assistant
The company is going to offer $14.6 billion, acquire 100% of S.P.S. equity, issue a share in the distribution price of assets, and issue a total of 1,111 million shares. At the same time, the listed company is going to build confidence.
Investing 1,305 million yuan in cash and 783 million yuan in cash to Chinese and Chinese assets, with a combined cash payment of 2,088 million yuan.
This collection is done by asking questions, and the price is set as the first day of the release of the stock.
Prior to the change of interest, the company’s co-activists, Rainbow Technology, Rainbow State, Chu Hongmei, Chu Hongjing and Zhu Min-chung, held 64.20% of the company’s shares.
17,70% of the company ' s shares; sum of the co-activists Rainbow Technology, Singing Sue, Chu Hongmei, Chu Red and Chu Min-jung held 52.20% of the company ' s shares; sum of the co-activists Boring Industries held 0.99% of the company ' s shares, and corporate information disclosure obligations and their co-actors held the company together
According to the company announcement, Srbon petrochemicals currently have production capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile, 170,000 tonnes/year mma, 300,000 tonnes/yeareva, 420,000 tonnes eo. Srbon petrochemicals are currently building a propane industry chain.
The completion of the delivery will result in the addition of 700,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration and a package of 260,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile, 8.5 cinda securitiesco., Ltd.
From the point of view of capacity utilization and sales, the company’s other products were less likely to be affected by the epidemic in 2020 than ever before.
100%. When the epidemic recovered well in 2021, all product lines were overloaded in the first quarter, Srbon petrochemicals achieved net return profits of 943 million yuan, 527 million yuan and 1,037 million yuan.
The demand for chemicals such as entropy, mma, and eeva continues to grow downstream, especially the increase in the number of photovoltaic machines, which drives the demand for photovoltaics. According to the UINS offer, only Sprimos, unicorn and Ningbots of the country can be mentioned for photovoltaic applications.
As of 2019, China ' s photovoltaic market had a cumulative installed capacity of 141.67gw, an increase of 14.41% compared to the previous five years, with a combined annual increase of 43.48%.
To benefit from the global “carbon-neutral” market demand drive, the demand for eva photovoltaics is strong and pulls up the dollar/tonne (excluding tax prices). According to corporate announcements, home-based domesticeva consumption rose rapidly from about 1.3 million tons in 2016 to about 1.83 million tons in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of around 1.83 million tons.
7%. Import dependence for our products has declined from 80% to about 60% since 2013, but it is still heavily dependent on imports, regardless of whether it is photovoltaic or any other model. The photovoltaic sector will continue to grow at a high rate in the future as carbon neutrals move forward.
The pattern and the domestic PVeva production industry have been remarkably positive. Overall, the silbonite industry is still highly dependent on imports, better supply and demand patterns, more profitable production capacity and some technical barriers.
Hydrogen projects are being built in an orderly manner, and the future will also provide growth security for the company. The Sulphon petrochemical beads into the Orient rainbows, not only solve the problem of the overlap between the product of the Rainbow Project and some of the by-products in Sorbonne, but also help to build the integration of the Orient rainbow “Serb + polyester + fine fertilization”
Profit projection and investment rating: The profit contribution of Sr. \triangleright is not taken into account, considering that Sr. \triangleright has not yet been injected. We expect the company to return net profits in 2021-2023, respectively.
The value of companies increased significantly after performance and silbonization, and we maintained the company's “buy-in” assessment of risk factors: slow progress in refining integration projects and supporting projects, less profitable than expected risk; less than expected risk of restructuring Srbon; and the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices;
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries and for the investment assessment of the petrochemical project of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
Invited keynote speaker at major conferences in the petrochemical industry and published articles in authoritative media in the petrochemical industry, Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. M.A. Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, July 2020, Joined the Sinda Securities Research Development Programme, which worked in the petrochemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.