Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) - Annual Report Review - Stabilization of Potassium, Expansion of Lithium, Solid Promotion of Salt Lake Resource Security Basic Chemical - Agricultural Products
Due to the impact of the payment of a larger yield of mining rights in three quarters, q4 potassium chloride production was 99.81/133.94/150.42 million tons, respectively, for the stabilization of potassium, the expansion of lithium and the acceleration of the production of new products in salt lakes.
The company produces up to 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride. The company will accelerate the integration of enterprises such as potassium salt resource development, potassium fertilizer production, downstream compost, high-value-added potassium salt, enrich the structure of salt lake products, achieve industry-wide chain layout and enhance market competitiveness.
The company has a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate. The efficient separation project for lithium sink fluids was successfully launched in 2023, and a new plan was made for 40,000 tonnes/year of basic lithium salt capacity. The project was designed to produce 20,000 tonnes of battery-grade carbonic acid per year. Lithium + 20,000 tonnes of lithium chloride per year.
The Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) report semi-annual reviews: two-quarter profit ring increases, Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) - steady progress, and the construction of a new salt lake lithium project is expected to proceed as planned and is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.
The semi-annual pre-encumbrance evaluation of Salt Lake shares (000792.sz): potassium chloride and carbonic acid The Salt Lake shares (000792.sz): an additional 40,000 tons of lithium salt project, Lithium salt for Salt Lake; Investment proposal: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz): Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate dinucleic booster performance, 11/10/10x. The company, with its unique resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Totchar Khan, is in absolute leadership in the area of potassium fertilizer and salt lakes in the country, especially in the future production of lithium from salt lakes.
Looking forward to rapid expansion, it is expected to maintain a strong cost advantage, which will be important to strengthen domestic control over lithium resources, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
+599.78%. The company’s four-quarter profit ring ratio has increased significantly, mainly because of the impact of larger concessions of mining rights paid in three quarters, and the company’s third-quarter contribution of $1,897 million in the production of licences to adjust the polymagnesium salt mine in the Zalkhan region, the scale of mining, the manner of mining and the increase of lithium chloride.
Weaknesses, large price declines for staple products, and companies actively coordinate their efforts to secure production, markets, and supplies. Companies speed up the construction of off-site storage, with potassium chloride being sold directly to more than 75% of manufacturers.
At the end of the period, the bank of lithium carbonate was 2,619 tons. In 2023, the company completed and became operational through the “steoporosis stabilization” technical adaptation project, projects such as the eng project, the 20,000-ton/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project, the clean-up of the end of the project, the efficient separation of the lithium-sinking fluids project were successfully launched, and the recovery rate of lithium ion in the lithium-sink fluids was 95 per cent; and the quality of the fluids was smooth.
Steady production is on schedule, producing about 7,500 m3/d of qualified liquids, successfully completing production tasks with a record high in Japanese, annual production and a 100 per cent compliance rate for lithium carbonate products. Billion yuan, or 43.76 per cent, is due mainly to the establishment of logistics subsidiaries to account for changes in calibres;
The company is a state-owned company controlled by the Qinghai State Finance Committee, which, thanks to its unique strategic capital, has a very important strategic position in the development of salt lake resources, making it a national potassium fertilizer and salt lake lithium.
The company will accelerate the integration of potassium salt resource development, potassium fertilizer production, downstream compost, high value-added potassium salt, and enrich the structure of salt lake products.
Total industry chain layout, enhanced market competitiveness. Lithium expansion: the company ' s current capacity for lithium carbonate is 30,000 tonnes/year, production is available in the controlled subsidiary, the Luthium Blue Company, the efficient separation project for lithium sink in 2023 was successfully delivered, with a rate of recovery of lithium ion in the sediment fluids of 95% and lithium carbonate.
In 2022, the company planned to produce 40,000 tons of basic lithium salt per year, with a new project to produce 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate + 20,000 tons of lithium chloride per year, with a loan from the company ' s lithium industry bank for the potassium per day; the overall project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024, as planned.
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating. Due to adjustments in the prices of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, the following has been repaired, with the unique resource advantages of the Salt Lake and the absolute leading position in the domestic potassium fertilizer and salt lake lithium, especially as the company's future capacity in the area of lithium salt lake is expected to expand rapidly and to maintain a relatively high cost.
Advantages, which are important for strengthening the autonomous control of domestic lithium resources, maintain a “buy-in” rating. Authors ensure that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.