The 2020 Quick Performance Report & the first quarter of 2021 forecast: modeling the continued release of the proposed chip, high performance growth of 50.98 per cent, net profit of $289 million to the mother, an increase of 64.03 per cent.
▪ Modelic sales continue to increase, with high performance growth: the company ' s net return profit in 2020 increased by 64.03 per cent, the net return in the first quarter of 2021 grew by 110-160 per cent, and its performance grew at a high rate.
▪ Modelic products and technologies continue to break through and have a strong competitive advantage: companies are rich in high-performance, high-quality analogues, and can now provide more than 16 broad sets of analogues, which can be produced
To meet the diverse needs of different customers, the products in question are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical equipment and automobile electronics, with a strong product class advantage. Of this, electronic sales of non-mobile consumer types are close to 40%, and combined sales of mobile phones and communications equipment are about two times higher.
Industrial controls, medical instruments and electronics combined sales of cars account for more than 40%. On the basis of traditional applications, companies efficiently promote the transformation of modelic research and development results, keeping pace with market demand, product upgrades and new product volumes, and have now completed more than 100 signals such as low-power time-series control chips.
The development of new products for chain and power management has increased by 20-30 per cent per year in the number of products sold, the expansion of emerging scenes such as domain-to-place networking, new energy sources, 5g, etc., and the rising market share.
The technical advantages of the company ' s simulation of the ic product in the areas of efficiency, low power consumption, high accuracy, small size, high reliability, etc. The technological advantages of the vast " 2020-10-28 " surface are clear, and product performance and quality are similar to those of the world ' s first-class simulators.
St. State Shares (300661: simulations, some key performance indicators exceeded, and the products were rapidly increasing in the import category on the client side.
Long, it is expected to benefit fully from the continuous increase in the demand for analogueic from various applications.  Wide demand for beneficial applications and the advancement of a national alternative process, with wide scope for company growth: Modelic 3, St. State Shares (300661): endogenous
The product is common, has a long life cycle, has fragmented applications, has a wide range of downstream demands, has a two-wheel-drive public extension, and has a diversified product strategy that effectively responds to cyclical fluctuations in the mimic market.
Aerial 2020-02-29 The company has a clear advantage in the local supply chain of power management and signal chain chips, and some products have combined performance indicators at advanced levels in international products of the same kind and are expected to benefit first from simulations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we basically maintain the company’s forecast of net return profits for 2020-2022.