Quarterly review 2021: Simultaneous high-ic, performance: corporate operating income of $394 million in the first quarter of 2021 increased by 10.4.28 per cent in the same year, resulting in net profit for mothers of $7,547,000, an increase of 148.73 per cent in the same year.
▪ Simulation of a high-ic scenario and high-growth performance: the company ' s net return to the mother in the first quarter of 2021 increased by 148.73 per cent compared with the high-growth performance. From the second half of 2020 until the first quarter of 2021, semiconductor markets continued to experience capacity constraints, chip shortages, price increases, etc.
Terminals have increased their hardware readiness, and companies have actively expanded their operations, increased their product sales, and achieved high growth in operating earnings and profits, with strong market demand. In the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s Māori ratio was 47.87 per cent, a decline of 2.16 pct, an increase of 4.68 pt over the same period.
▪ Simultaneous breakthroughs in the ic class and technology, with strong competitive advantages: companies are rich in high-performance, high-quality analogues in the ic field, currently providing more than 1,600 analogues of 25 broad categories of ic products that meet the diverse needs of different customers and are widely used in consumer electronics, telecommunications settings
In the areas of preparedness, industrial control, medical equipment, and automobile electronics, there is a strong advantage in the product class. On the basis of the popular application, the company has been able to efficiently promote the transformation of the results of Simic research and development, keeping up with market demand, pushing for product upgrading and new product volumes, and has now completed more than 100 letters such as low-capacity time-series control chips.
The development of new products for chain and power management increases by 20-30% per year in the number of products sold, the expansion of new and emerging scenarios in applications such as networking, new energy sources, and 5g, and the continued increase in market share.
Company simulations of the ic product are efficient, low-power, high-precision, small size, high-reliability.
High Performance Growth 2021-04-15, with some key performance indicators overtaken by rapid growth in the import class of the products at the end of the passenger body, and in the current context of increased pressure on semiconductor supply and demand, the company has expanded with existing suppliers
2 St. State Shares (300661: performance cooperation has also increased the input of new suppliers with a view to expanding productive capacity, increasing output and easing trade High innovation, national production simulation of the growth of the ic poles
The pressure is expected to benefit fully from the continuous increase in the demand for analogueic from various applications. Wide space 2020-10-28  Wide space demand for beneficial applications and national production substitution process, with a wide scope for corporate growth: simulationic
With the successful expansion of the ic product, its record-breaking product, its universal nature, long life cycle, fragmented application and wide downstream demand, the Division’s diverse product strategy can effectively respond to the cyclical volatility of the imic market.
The New High 2020-07-16 company has a significant advantage in the home-grown supply chain of power management and signal chain chips, and some products have combined performance indicators at advanced levels in international products of the same kind and are expected to benefit first from simulations.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s 2021-2022 net return profit forecast.