On April 22, the company announced a performance of 1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 51 per cent, and a net profit of 290 million \triangleright to the mother.
1 2020: Operating income of 1.2 billion yuan, or 51 per cent more. The Māori rate of 49 per cent, or 1.9 pct, with a signal chain of 2) 20q4:20q4, or 29 per cent more. The net profit of the mother is 80 million yuan, or 46 per cent more.
1) In terms of product types, 200+ products per year. By the end of 2020, companies had 25 major classes of 1,600 in downstream applications, robust hair in traditional areas (consumption electronics, communications, industrial controls, medical care, automobile electronics, etc.), active layout in emerging areas (iot, new energy sources, ai, 5g, etc.) and are currently operating in smartphones, tws headphones, tws, etc.
Many of the high-value products of companies, including signal chain products (e.g. high-speed comparators, high-assurance audio-drive chips, discharges, etc.) and power management chips (including lithium battery protection and charging, management chips, motor drive chips, ldo, etc.) have been exported from equipment such as watch bracelets, drones, wireless chargers, etc.
Equity incentives to bind core technical staff to replace national productive capacity \triangleright 1) National production replacement space: China needs over 200 billion yuan, or 60 per cent of the world ' s total, but national production rate
Less than 15 per cent, concentrated in low- and medium-level consumption, with fewer high-end products. 2) Companies bound core technicians through equity incentives: the company issued a equity incentive scheme in April 2021, awarded 1.68 million shares for the first time, targeting 473 people, including core managers, technical cadres.
The simulation design is different from the digital design and relies on the experience of technologists. So the company binds core technicians to facilitate product development and long-term development.
The company’s financial statements are projected to be aggregated by Wang Fang, the chief electronics officer, who worked for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and won the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.