São Paulo shares (300661: simulated high and growing, state-of-state replacement phase II, São da Boa Vontade shares.
The company is a new enterprise focused on high-performance simulation of integrated circuit cores, 394 million yuan, yoy+104.28 per cent; net profit from repatriation is 76 million yuan, yoy+148.73 per cent.
Two major areas of power management, including operation magnifiers, continuation of the downstream high-scenes climate, drive high performance growth. The benefits of the widening supply and demand gap due to the epidemic can be broad-based, audio/video amplifiers, simulators, etc.
The semiconductor sector continues to be characterized by strong corporate performance, with net inflows of operating cash flows in 2020 generally used for consumer-type electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, 324 million yuan, a significant increase of 124.29 per cent in the same year, and a net flow of operating cash flows of q1 in 2021 at $600 million.
Medical instruments, auto electrons, and wearable devices, smarts increased by 384.33% over the same period, research and development continued to be highly invested and high-end products continued to increase the Māori rate.
Significant matters for the next 3-6 months: At a high level of over 15 per cent, 378 R & D personnel, or 66.08 per cent of the company ' s total workforce, in 2020, the company is expanding its high-end simulations, in terms of high voltage, high current power management, etc.
A new generation of model chip products that are internationally advanced have been developed and launched, promoting public ownership from 40.24% in 2016 to 48.73% in 2020. The product line client base has increased, and the high R & D virtuous cycle is expected to open the second phase of national production substitution.
Downstream is characterized by a high degree of fragmentation, with companies expanding their product lines and achieving a more comprehensive national replacement of simulated chips. From 2016 to 2020, corporate R & D costs remained above 15%, pushing companies to sell from 16 to 25 categories of products and increasing the number of products sold from 800 to 25.
The increase of 1600+ has doubled, covering more than 100 segmented market areas and thousands of customers. We believe that the company’s early and rapid growth in alternative opportunities to national production is now gaining strength, and that it is gradually moving towards a multiplicity of client groups and a full expansion of its product matrix, with the prospect of a second phase of national substitution.
75x, 55x, maintaining the “strongly recommended” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661). Simultaneous dragons are growing fast, and the second phase of national production is beginning to emerge, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports São Paulo shares (300661), simulated dragons growing at a very high rate, and the second phase of the replacement of the national product became apparent.
The research assistant, Lee Mei-hyun, Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, was awarded a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, and worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group.
In 2019, he joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.