Downstream demand is high and product layout continues to expand.
• The performance of the crop continues to be excellent, and the card position continues to be significant, benefiting from the continued expansion of the high landscape and product categories of downstream demand, with the company ' s analog chip industry generating operating revenues of $1,197 million in 2020, a 50.98 per cent increase in the same year, and a $334 million gain in the 2020q4 company.
In 2020, net return profits for companies amounted to $289 million, an increase of 64.03%. In the case of the simulation chip track, where the company’s position is a significant alternative to national production, we have increased the profit forecast for 2021-2022.
But the short-term Māori ratio adjustment does not alter the trend of high-end product rotation, and it is expected that the overall Māori ratio will remain at a high level. Benefiting from increased sales returns and recovery of property, the company’s movement and R & D inputs in late 2020 have been instrumental.
• Merger and acquisition integration continues to advance, and product layouts continue to expand. In 2020-2021q1, São Paulo shares achieved a merger and purchase of QingXin and Shanghai Electronics in Suzhou, extending the Division's layout to integrated dc-dc and digital separators.
Small simulators are on the verge of collapse due to lack of capacity, which gives St. State shares, etc., more opportunities to integrate M&As into large plants. According to the annual report, the company’s product layout continued to be high-end, company update report - acquisition of Xiaotai continues.
In terms of the signal chain, the company gradually deploys the sensor signal chain, the ad/da data transfer, the deep-beneficial power source, the wave of national production, the high-speed comparison, and so on; in terms of the power chain, the company gradually deploys the amoled displays on the screen.
Products such as rut, lithium battery protection, big current dc/dc power switch, motor drive chip, etc. Corporate Information Update - High Performance Growth, Serial Chain Products Gradually Activate
Prices, the acquisition of the tycoast power supply management show a high rate of growth, and the return performance is well on track.
Expanding, the company ' s business income from the simulation chip business amounted to $1,197 million in 2020, with a 50.98 per cent increase in the same year.A high increase in net return profits in 2020: benefiting from a significant increase in operating income and a step-by-step roll-out of medium- and high-end products, the company ' s Māori rate (48.73 per cent) and net interest rate (23.70 per cent) were both higher than the company ' s 2019 level in 2020
At this level, the net return profits of the company in 2020 amounted to $289 million, an increase of 64.03 per cent over the same period. The share of the power management chip business is still relatively high: because of the technical capacity of the company ' s power management chip and the wide range of applications of the power management chip, the share of the company ' s power management chip business was 70.87 per cent in 2020.
High-end leaps have continued, and product Māori rates have continued to rise: the levels of Māori chips in corporate power management and signal chain chips have continued to rise from 2016 to 2020, as high-end corporate products continue to progress.
The q4 company ' s Māori rate has fallen slightly, but the short-term Māori rate adjustment has not changed to the trend of high end rotation of the company ' s products, and it is expected that the overall Māori rate of the company will continue to move up.The return of receivables has been good, with a significant increase in net operating cash flows in 202004: due to modelling
The ability of the company to effectively control its cash flow and investment in research and development, mainly using a distribution model, has significantly affected the company’s ability to manage its cash flow. To benefit from increased sales returns and foreclosures, the net cash flow ratio of the company’s 2020q4 operations grew by 106.9%, prompting the company’s monetary capital to rise to $773 million by the end of 2020.
Merger and acquisition integration (M & As) continues to advance, product layout continues to expand, and M & As are expected to accelerate in the event of an energy crisis: given the large number of analog chips and the scarcity of simulating chip talent, continued M & As is an essential route to the expansion of the R & D team and product layout of the simulation chip company.
In 2020-2021q1, São Paulo shares succeeded in the acquisition of Qingxin and Shanghai Electronics in Suzhou, extending the Division’s product layout in the integrated dc-dc and digital separators. Further, as the global semiconductor production crisis continues, some small analog chip designers are on the verge of collapse due to lack of capacity, driving the country’s production.
Simulating the headlineization trend of the chip track, giving more M&As to simulating chip plants in some countries, such as S.H.C. shares, a significant increase in the signal chain rate, but still slightly slower than the power chain rate: unlike in 2019 alone, management of the chip business has achieved a high rate of growth, with revenues from signal chain operations and power chain operations in 2020 showing a high rate of growth.
High growth trends, with growth rates of 44.09 per cent and 54.02 per cent, respectively, are still slightly slower than in figure 7: the rate of growth in the signal chain in 2020, closely following market trends, and positive deployment of emerging areas: with new developments such as tws, 5g communications, new energy sources, etc.
In 2021, the company’s product layout continued to expand to high-end and enriched. According to the annual report, in the signal chain, the company was gradually laying sensors’ signal chains, ad/da data conversions, high-speed comparisonrs, high-security audio-drive chips, etc., and in the power chain, the company was gradually setting up amoled displays of screen power lines.
R, lithium battery protection, big current dc/dc power switching, motor drive chips, mos/igbt drive chips, etc. are domestic simulators. We believe that, as the uncertainty of trade friction increases in Central America, domestic and downstream customers show stronger domestic production demand.
Businesses, with their signal chains and power management operations, will benefit in depth from the accelerated trend of national production substitution. Meanwhile, as industrial intelligence and access to the Internet continue to advance, the demand for electricity control and signal transmission from electronic equipment becomes more pronounced, and the company’s products are expected to grow faster.
(c) There is greater uncertainty about the future pace of mergers and acquisitions by companies.