Improved net profits from homecoming, active investment of high-quality plots, a quarterly review of 2025, commercial snakes (stock code: 001979)
Incidents: company quarterly reports in 2025, q1 achieved business income of 20.447 billion yuan in 2025, a decrease of 13.90 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit of $445 million, an increase of 34.02 per cent in the same year; income per share Hu Xiaoyu
Millions of yuan, with a return of 603 million yuan in the same period last year, so that in 2025 q1 net return profits were realized on a year-on-year basis, active expansion of high-quality plots: q1 achieved 1,458.2 million sales in 2025, a decline of 276.5 million yuan/square metres, q1 land sales compared to 1.15, high land quality, 3 of the 7 plots located in Kyoto
The company expands the quality of the plot, reaching 0.57 in full calibre. The relative depth of the plot is 300 million yuan, with a corresponding interest rate of 2.05%, and the financing cost is low.
Re-purchase of multiple assets held by wholly owned subsidiaries of companies, combined with a development strategy with stock-increment and production-led turnover, to enhance the sustainability of companies and create a new curve in corporate business growth. Investment proposals: corporate net profit returns improved significantly in 2025q1.
We maintain the company ' s net return profit from 2025-2027 as 1.
Operation Strengthening - Risk of Decline in 2024 Report, Risks of Failure to Reflow Funds, Risks of Failure to Pay Debts, Risks of Operating Business 2. [Galactic Realty] Company Reviews - Small Increases in Business Income, Māori
3. [Galactic Real Estate] Company Review - steady growth in asset operations, investment Focus on Core Cities - semi-annual review 2024
4. [Galactic Real Estate] Company Review - Commercial Combination - Rapid Growth, Investment Focus Core - Quarterly Review 2024. I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
This report was made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.