Pride petrochemicals (002493) — stable profits, orderly progress of the petrochemical project — the parent company's net profit of $2 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the previous year, and the company's success in the quarter of 2018.
Industry income was 17,680 million yuan, an increase of 13.35 per cent, net profits of 636 million yuan, and a strong product cost advantage based on the integration of the chemical industry chain.
Zhejiang Young Seong Holding Group Limited, a listed company in the integrated industrial chain, has been able to help reduce the company’s business costs and improve its resilience to risks.
The size of production of products to be produced is in the lead in the same industry, enabling firms to build advantages in terms of productivity, unit investment costs and unit energy consumption, thereby making the product more competitive.
In the past few years, the company has set up “College Work Stations” and “postdoctoral Research Work Stations”, which have been adapted to the technology of pta, polyesters and silk, effectively reducing the cost of unit capacity investment and operating costs.
Aromatic products, partly based on fuel oil (favourable compared to petrocephalus oil), have saved about 4 billion dollars in cost savings compared to domestic devices of the same size, significantly reducing Li Dynasty.
The 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project has been steadily advanced T/year refining, 8 million tonnes/year dibenzene, 2.8 million tonnes/year ethylene, built in two phases. Once completed, the project will help to reduce the dependence of our aromatic imports and increase our aromatic production.
It also means that the company continues to extend up the industry chain and further upgrades the department’s ability to organize and deal with risks. The project uses the Great Hydrogen, the Great Catalytic, and the Great Reorganisation Process, 18 Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China.
It's now $60-70 in oil prices, and it's going to bring the entire project to 10 billion grades.
The industry is still looking forward to stabilizing the country’s aromatics import dependence, downstream demand is still strong, aromatics are still at a high price difference, and China’s gold is still on the rise.
The petrochemical overhauls in 2017 affected a portion of the profits, and the profit recovery is expected in 2018. The pta process profits have fallen from a high position, but overall are still above the level of the fourth quarter of 17 years, and the industry is expected to maintain a higher profit pattern as the pta lags out and the concentration of the industry rises.
Given the stability of the current pta and px processing profits in the industry and the fact that the petrochemical phase will be operational by the end of 18, the company ' s profits will be on a new step in 19-20 years, we expect the net return to crude oil prices to fall sharply in 18-20 years and the macroeconomic weakness.