Signals of change were visible, with the “Year of Marketing Implementation” event: on 19 March 2024, a marketing conference was held in Chengdu, where positive five-food fluids (000858.sz) were delivered.
In the past two years, in the face of the volatility of the environment, the market price of the eight-generation grain fluids has been weak and the profit from the pipeline has been shrinking. At this meeting, the company’s managing director, Jiang Weung, analysed the market marketing, price promotion, branding, etc.
The current state of development emphasizes the optimal configuration of the plan, the rationalization of the system of channels, innovative ways of growth, efficient dissemination, enhanced tactical implementation, the solution of the current market distress, and the signal of positive change. From the standpoint of brand power, we believe that the five grains have a clear advantage, even in the past.
The team's performance has always been biased, but after several seasons, it is difficult to replace the gifts of the eight-generation Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Team, the existing market problems are expected to be solved, and the channels are expected to enter the feedback loop. The product is well-thought out, perfecting the 1+3 product matrix.
One of the market issues. At this meeting, the company released a new product-building plan for five grain fluids and 68 degrees of five grain fluids. In addition, 1618 and low grain fluids are expected to serve as flank products that continue to block competitive development in a costly manner, and eight generations of five grain fluids.
We believe that, with a full product matrix, the eight-generation Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-
Five grain fluids (00858.sz): Wang Quantue is a win-win relationship. Currently, eight-generation batches are stable at around $940, with five grain fluids (00858.sz) before Spring Festival: optimized to
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: At this meeting, we feel the decision of a five-grain producer at a flat price, five-food fluids (00858.sz): strategic, man-made, and, when supported by the external environment, internal changes are relatively easier to move forward. Clear channels.
(c) Distribution of benefits and reward and punishment mechanisms, internal and external, end-of-life, confidence-building in reform sites, $8.80 and $9.80, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies; risk factors: the impact of a weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in the industry; and risks to food safety
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where senior industrialists and top-level students are trained, Zhang Wei-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, and then went to the White Wine industry for 13 years.
First-line sales in the Penthouses, Dukan, and Sheldes, with practical experience in high-end, sub-high-end, low-middle and low-end prices, production, strong thinking, rich alcohol circles, unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, and particularly good at analysing sub-high-end competition patterns. Joray, Master of Food Science Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.
In addition, it covers dairy products (in-depth study of the Iri stock, the Montagnard milk industry, the Lancrete milk industry, the Bounty milk industry) and food additives (in-depth study of the Bronze Garden, Ka Byoyo).
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Xiamen University.
In 2023, she joined the Sindha Securities Food and Beverage team, covering mainly white wine plates. Wang Shenzhen, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.