Food drinks, white wine ii, to Wei Li Wenhua.
We recently took part in the 110th Chengdu Spring Sugar Club, where the overall feedback from the white wine industry was smooth, and the business confidence was restored with low market expectations. The year was “the year of marketing implementation,” and the product layout and channels became clearer.
(a) P5 prices are beginning to show positive results, moderate and rising prices during the low seasons, boosting the confidence of distributors and improving business relations; (b) (v) Food and fluid master brand “1+3” product matrices are further enriched, and side-wing products, five grains are super-high, serial alcohol, etc. are expected to contribute to income growth; (c) Camp 3)
The strategy for the Year of Marketing Implementation is firm, organizational motivation is further activated, and management capacity is marginal. We maintain the previous profit projections, and we expect the P5 price increases to have a first-time effect, lower season prices are mild and rising, business relations are improving around the dollar, mainly due to the concentration of demand for the upcoming spring end gift, while the five grain and fluid consumption scenes are gradually expanding from gifts to commercial exchanges and one.
People drink; 2) supplies are scarce, such as stacked with snow and snow. While demand for marketing has declined in the rest of the season, there is a need for a more resilient product, a reasonable range of pipeline stocks, a further increase in the price ratio of the five batches to $940-945, low pressure on dealers, low willingness to dump after appreciation, and improved business relations.
Five batches of prices are expected to go up steadily. “1+3” product matrices are further enriched and are expected to contribute to income growth in the inter-generational series: 1) Enhanced positioning of P5 price anchors, reduced channels, strong commitment to strengthen the process review of distributors throughout the year; 2)
1618 and low-level five-food fluids further boost end-opening consumption by scavenging red packs and digital tools, increasing brand consumption and maintaining the market share: 3) The company plans to supplement 45-degree products between low-level five-food fluids this year. It is expected to operate in markets such as Anhui. Some of the increases are expected. In the year series, the company plans to upgrade the classic five-food fluids this year, focusing on the years of bikinis, and to strengthen the rare products.
The lack of attributes, the organization's use of special classes, is expected to lead to a higher speed of growth. On cultural wine, during the spring festival, the sales of the Dragon Year's wine are bright, the channels are more profitable, and confidence in the company to operate super-high-end products is enhanced. This year, the company will continue to increase the scarcity of cultural alcohol, improve the profits of the distribution channels and achieve a win-win outcome for the participants.
*2024, defined as the “market implementation year” in which management moves into a new phase, this year the company will focus its marketing efforts on “catching sales, keeping prices steady, raising costs, and shifting costs.” We believe that the likelihood of corporate reform this year is likely to increase: 1) organizationally, the management team’s demands for solutions are pressing, and the marketing team will be subject to a terminal phase-out.
Mechanisms to improve marketing efficiency; marketers and market confidence boosted after the change of business teams; stock distributors' loyalty to brands increased further. (2) On volume prices, the goal of the P5 reduction is clear, and companies have recently demonstrated their commitment to the market by encouraging low prices, electricity suppliers, and other actions. 3) At the pace, most distributors pay back more than 70% after the spring season, and the second quarter of the season has less task than the second quarter, and the team has become even more numerous.
There is sufficient time to implement a price strategy; if macroeconomic recovery is gradual, the probability of a P5 success is expected to increase further. The investment proposal: branding is dynamic, managing marginal upwards, emphasizing “buy-in” ratings, we think that companies are gradually finding a path suitable for their own development, on the one hand, with strong corporate brands and better demand resilience for marketing, on the other hand.
Corporate motivation is further activated, the marketing implementation year strategy is firm, the product, channel, market, etc. is clear, the reform process is successful. The demand in the white wine industry is recovering less than expected, competition is increasing during the sank process, and ultra-high-end products are growing less than expected.
Five Grain fluids (000858.sz) - 17 per cent increase in income in the three quarters alone, boosting market confidence at the bottom of the cycle - the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.