The distributors' congress boosted confidence and made every effort to boost profit from the channel.
Zhang Xiaowei: On December 18, 2023, at Yingbin, Sichuan, the Five Grains co-constructed the Building of the Sharing Congress at the twenty-seventh session of the Group of Five.
The country ' s belief in food and drinking (1) focuses on raising the value of the five-food fluid brand and on promoting profit on the channel. (2) The volume relationship is expected to be dynamicly balanced in 2024 under the five-percent contract. 3) The five-food fluids are procyclical varieties of white wine, developing non-codified novels or breaking the long-term growth dilemma. (4) The five-food fluid brand values are at the core of the project, and all efforts are made to promote profit on the channel.
As a single item in a kilometer belt, the five-food fluids continue to successfully perform their annual marketing mission against the backdrop of a “high concentration, polarization, and squeeze” industry. Looking ahead, in 2024, the company, or at the following dimensions, is fully engaged in promoting channel profits upscaling in terms of demand recovery: 1) volume relations, and in the future, the five-food fluids will reduce quotas in the P5 scheme, adjust the P5 prices appropriately, and raise overall brand heights. 2) Product-oriented markets
Operations, companies or optimized product delivery structures and channels to match supply accurately with demand. 3) Development of differentiated products and cultural wine, the Department will combine the optimization of cultural wine delivery and accelerate the development of classic five-food fluids. 4) Exploiting old wine values to boost the price recovery of new and sub-supplier wines. 5) Marketing process validation incentives, companies will strengthen marketing processes beyond the normal tests, and propose to release 2-3% of the five-food liquid distributors.
In the past, narrow profit margins and block price inverting have been one of the challenges in limiting the value-added of the P5 brand, and corporate management needs to balance and trade-offs between “performance growth-volume equity.” According to the P5 meeting, P5 and distributors have either made a reduction in their 2024 contract plans.
Actions. From the point of view of the company’s proactive reduction, we believe that: 1) the reduction in the P5 is the proper meaning for the company to achieve a positive feedback cycle in terms of volume prices, following up with distributors and terminals or valuing the P5 quota, or to push the price upwards; 2) the P5 open door policy is still being implemented at the original price, with an out-of-plan award expected to be applied to ensure a stable market price while ensuring the profitability of distributors.
In the past, one of the dilemmas of long-term growth of the five grain fluids was a higher share of income for the five main monoliths, which led companies to rely too heavily on the five main monoliths for their income growth. The 1218 distributors of this five grain fluids have released marginal changes: 1) the company has introduced “five grains” 12.18, which locates the 400-500-bit price, and has strengthened the waist price.
By way of bit, cut to 400-500 yuan in liquor purchases, 2) continue to actively add to non-codified wines, and it is expected that in 2024 the company will either introduce the 20th and 30th editions in an orderly fashion, with product structure diversification to address the post-growth dilemma. Looking ahead, in 2024, we believe that five grain fluids, as procyclical varieties in the white plate, are expected to fully benefit from the recovery dividend, and that the goal of double-digit income growth in 2024 will be met.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author