-Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
The price increases are down and open up the industry's price ceiling, and the company's price increases for the eighth-generation-five liquid plant are $50, from $969 to $1019, starting on 5 February 2024, and the retail price is still recommended.
The price increases for the eighth generation of food fluids have finally reached a successful conclusion. We believe that this price increase will boost market confidence, open up the industry’s price ceiling, stimulate and accelerate the return of P5P, and the company’s brand power continues to grow.
In 2024, the company will continue to optimize the product structure, channel structure, market structure, and appropriate reduction and solidification of the planned distribution of the 8th-generation traditional channel of food fluids.
In the area of alcohol, companies will continue to strengthen the production of five grain springs, five grains of ol, five grains of special headlines, and one-size-fits-all products.
In addition, in 2024, the company will provide marketing incentives for distributors to improve the accuracy of the tests, in addition to the regular appraisals.
One, "Five grain fluids (000858): Quantities for balance, channel confidence recovery" 2023-- we're looking at the company as a fragrance dragon, opening the door red and moving on, and the channel confidence is coming back.
In return, accelerates the return of corporate brand values.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Xiao Yanan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study in June 2023 Xiaosheng State: Master of Arts from Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 study experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.