The price increase is in the immediate future, and the volume price strategy is actually moving forward: the wine industry reports that the eighth generation of five-generation food fluids will be raised by $50/bottles from 5 February 2024, and the price of the plant will rise to $1019/bottles, or about 5 per cent.
In mid-January, the National Advisory Committee's distributors meeting raised the price, and spring's pre-price fell, as we expected. Before the current multi-field feedback that the volume had been leveled by 24 years or more, the overall sales flow was faster, and in the context of the reduction in traditional channels' contracts, there was a follow-up to the price increase during the season.
In view of the smooth run ahead of the festival and the smooth pace of the five batches, most of the channels expect this boost to boost subsequent price performance. The scale is realistic, and the jogging pushes the price back to value.
A steady and pragmatic approach: On the one hand, the price increases were adjusted to 1618, and it was further made clear that the price of the two prices would be higher than a thousand dollars, followed by a high flag of the P5 trees, and 1618 would continue to be a thousand-dollar gatekeeper and open up room for growth; on the other hand, the price increases should not be too high.
Avoiding too much price from the price of the plant to the price of the batch would pose a risk of channel control. Companies tend to adopt a little jogging strategy, which does not preclude a “scissors gap” between the price of the plant and the price of the batch through the channel policy, while protecting profits from the barrier channel and promoting a reasonable return of the price to value.
Five grain fluids (000858): target-setting. Five grain fluids (000858): products from 1618, low five grain fluids, non-marked, and fragrance series.
Quarterly performance rating: Profit release, marketing  Profit forecast and investment rating: prior to this, we emphasized that the five-food fluids had a strong price imperative, with a smooth adjustment at the beginning of the year, and that the timing of the choice and the push was in line with expectations. Company price strategy was clear, canals were clear.
The situation is gradually improving, and we believe that this price increase is expected to boost the Zeeps five batches, a useful attempt to open up medium- and long-term price space, and a new picture of the company's financial projections of price implementation.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi and the East Wu Securities Company Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.