The price of the batch is steady and the valuation is ongoing — the five-food fluids (000858.sz) incident evaluation report sumss@cfsc.com.cn
The group has been growing for more than half a century, and the firm’s spring feedback has been positive, and the marketing of the agricultural calendar has been relatively good in the region, with two-digit robust growth, a good economic base and a rapid recovery in consumption.
In the area of red, companies continue to follow the concept of “good returns for investors” as a core value, with cash dividends exceeding $10 billion a year in the last three years.
A steady increase in the bonus rate and a steady increase in investor returns. According to the data from the channel, the bulk price of the five grains is up before the festival, followed by positive feedback, company brand prices, and we appreciate the firm's determination to maintain the price system, the confidence of the channel is returning, and the company's speed is accelerating.
“Five grain fluids (000858): Quantities in search of macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected growth in the season, less than the expected balance in the price of the batch”, 2023-
Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage seller experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.