Since the price hike came down in February 2024, the price of eight generations of liquid grains has officially entered into a thousand dollars. After many channels of follow-up and exchanges with companies, we are optimistic about the subsequent price increases: one high-end development is “prior price” and five grain fluids are being raised.
Prices are about the medium- and long-term price space in the future, and the Battle on the Back is about winning. Two thousand dollars, with a new equilibrium that has been found since at least 2022, have been achieved in a pessimistic atmosphere, and eight-dip-fives at 920-930 would have achieved a steady increase, which would mean five in this price.
Food prices are highly recognized and demand-supported, followed by a shift in operations and price increases.
In 2024, during the spring season, the demand for sales was both high and the demand for sales increased by the same number. In terms of supply and demand throughout the year, demand was expected to vary slightly from spring to spring, while traditional distribution channels shrunk and demand was more visible throughout the year.
In addition, the price of the spring season has risen steadily over the previous five batches, which in turn indicate that the social stock has been deconstructed. In terms of the match rate between supply and demand, during the spring season, the volume of the spring season has been relaxed and sales are faster than in the past, taking into account that the company will control the delivery pace at the ratio of “4231” per quarter (the spring season is expected to start selling).
▪ Products, multiple channels, regulation and growth balance. 1) Product ends: 8-Dip-5 overall reduction. Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Tactical by-products are supplemented by the extension of large-scale clean-up packages and feasts to promote political policy, as well as empty market supplements, excellence, and champions, to maintain a strong bottle-opening atmosphere. 2 Consider introducing products of different degrees, 45 degrees, 68 degrees, etc., to better accommodate some regional consumption habits. 3 non-codifications
Five Grains (000858): The diversification of differentiated products, such as target-setting initiatives, will be guided by the principle of “three-to-one” to guarantee the profitability of the product channel.4 Classic Five Grains are expected to operate in a platform-based business model, with dedicated teams formed to restart the market
5 series of wines will enhance brand exposure and the operation of members and promote faster growth. 2) End: distribution channels maintain the scarcity of agency power and the consolidation of direct-account channels. 1 specialized stores increases speed. 2 regiment buying channels will continue to expand cultivation, plan to develop quality group buyers, and assist distributors in opening up.
Business clients. 3 The internationalization strategy is continuing, with a plan to increase international brand influence by opening specialized fairs in core countries and regions around the world. 4 New retail companies will integrate more than 10 sales ports on the line and will strengthen the price order management of electric power providers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: P5 as a knapsack core, with excellent marketing speeds, and a 2024 price strategy, with medium- and long-term price space to build on. In addition, five grain fluids, 1618, low, cultural alcohol, etc., have a lot of flowering, a series of brands are marketed, and it's expected that they'll be better off.
Since the price hikes in February 2024, eight generations of liquid grain prices have officially entered into a thousand dollars, highlighting the firm’s determination to lead high-end prices to break through. However, given the weak demand at the macro level and the relative easing of company past price controls, the market worries about P5’s success in delivering price increases.
We are optimistic about the success of the subsequent price hikes: one high-end development is “prior in price”, the price hike is about the future, medium- and long-term, and the battle is over. Two, considering the smooth and pragmatic scale of the price hike, and the shift in company operations, the flow of the pipeline is controlled, the volume is sold through spring season, and the next round is about P5 for the year.
The shift: 2024 prices are first in volume and take over the price initiative. Since 2022, as a result of the impact of the epidemic on the consumer landscape and the downside of the economy, the price of the five grains has been falling, and the industry has been falling.
Performance growth is driven mainly by volume increases, and traditional distribution-channel stock pressure is being reconciled mainly through other diversified channels. Yet, in a context of weak demand, the five-grain-up model is gradually being challenged: 1) Under the double-digit performance growth goal, the downloading of prices if not controlled, and the fall in prices can discourage the dealer’s motivation and become vulnerable to negative price cycles.
There is limited short-term space for diversified channels, and there is not much left to sell. 3) As a product sold on a par, the distribution of profits and marketing control of the company’s channels would be at risk if the price of the five batches continued to fall off with the price.
Sales. On the one hand, high-end products are price-rich, with the difference between price increases and competitions, the value of the five grains is expected to go even further; on the other hand, reopening price upswings is expected to help pamper profit and repair the sale pattern and enhance confidence in the delivery of goods.
Starting with: marketing regulation, which is targeted by the Spring Farm Scheme, since the General Assembly at 12.18 Congress at the end of 2023 proposed to adjust the price of the eighth-generation food basket in 2024, marketing regulation has moved steadily:
1) Reduction in distribution-channel tasks: 2024 general-five dealer contract volume, 23 years actual sales volume (treasury 2) advance control bid: late February's spring marketing conference called for “crowding sales, steady prices, raise charges, switchovers”, which requires regulation of the low-season speed of goods and enhanced market scrutiny. On the one hand, companies implement regional, business, channels, etc.
The hierarchical classification management of terminals will dynamically optimize market delivery structures and rhythms, and it is expected to maintain a dynamic balance between supply and demand in P5 in March-June, based on almost 40 per cent of spring delivery progress. On the other hand, in the case of low-priced cargo movements, companies check and collect, and when local distributors recover goods directly from the field, companies will also impose increased penalties on dealers.
3. Targeting of the Spring Farm Scheme: Recent subregional visits by middle- and senior-level corporate leaders have helped to capture real feedback from the city and to identify problems in the marketing chain, which will lead to an improved marketing team and a real shift in marketing practices: product mix, multi-channel approach, regulation and growth balance
At the same time, at the end of the product, the company will make incremental contributions through the L5 1618, the non-target and the series of liquor, and at the end of the channel, it will integrate the enhanced direct-camp channels to achieve a balance between master regulation and performance growth.
Market demand scientific investment. 2) 1618, 39 degrees, 5 degrees, as a tactical by-product, will be supplemented by good sales during the P5 control period, and will continue to create a strong bottle-opening atmosphere by continuing the policy of large-scale scavenging of red bags and feasts, as well as empty market catchers, excellent traders, supporters. 3) Different degrees of 45 degrees, 68 degrees, etc., are also being considered for introduction to better cater for.
Some regional consumption habits. 4) Discrepancies, such as non-scriptual creation, will be enriched and companies will be guided by the principle of “three and one and a half” (high quality, high value, high value added, small volume) to ensure profit from the product channel. 5) Class Five is expected to operate in a platform business model, forming a dedicated team to restart the market. 6) The series of wine will enhance brand exposure and membership.
(b) Operation and promotion of faster growth. (1) Distribution channels will preserve the scarcity of P5 agents, while strengthening process appraisals and incentives, integrating consumer development, brand promotion, price operations, policy implementation, etc., into the system of appraisals and restructuring low-quality businesses;
On the other hand, there will be a strengthening of the gap, potential market access, and a relatively stable overall number of distributors is expected to be maintained. (2) Direct lines will be integrated and strengthened by the integration of specialized stores, new retailing, internationalization, and group sales.1 The number of franchises will expand faster, with the number of franchises expected to grow by the same year in 2023, with firms planning to expand over the next two years.
The acquisition channels continue to expand further, planning for the development of high-quality group buyers and assisting distributors in the development of business customers.3 The internationalization strategy is continuing, with dedicated seminars in core countries and regions around the world to enhance international influence.4 New retail companies will integrate over 10 sales outlets on the line and will strengthen electricity providers.
Turn: Spring Day is a positive event, and spring 2024 is a time-consuming event, with a double-digit increase in demand and demand.
In general, sales feedback has increased by more than one single or double number, and stock pressure has been low. Prices have grown better by a thousand-bit band plus, with a concentration of demand for spring gifts and a strong brand share, and two sales by a five-digit band have been able to increase at a very high rate, and with the digestion of stocks in 2023, prices have risen steadily (the lowest price has risen from 900 to 910-920), and the lowest price has risen from 910-920 to 920.
In the context of falling demand, most of the products are in serious reverses, the channels “vote by foot” and further concentrate on high-quality brands; and in recent years, companies have continued to strengthen their branding (columning late springs, autumn nights, deepening mainstream media cooperation) and market enforcement (with large rim breeding and end-covering), and consumer recognition has increased.
In terms of supply and demand throughout the year, the increase in demand is not expected to vary significantly, while the traditional distribution channels have shrunk and supply and demand has become more intense throughout the year. Moreover, the spring and spring prices have risen steadily over the previous five batches, suggesting that social stocks have been deconstructed from the supply side.
We need to match the rhythm, during the Spring Festival, the volume of the P5 is more relaxed and the sales are faster than in the past, considering that each quarter of the company will be consistent: high-end winds, high-end winds, open-space time, from a long-cycle perspective, compared to the number of high-net people, there is still much room for raising the demand for high-end alcohol in the country.
The BCG Global Wealth Report reports that the number of people with high net worth (in millions of dollars of personal wealth) is growing faster than the sales of high-end white wine. In 2020-2025, our high-value netizers increased their capacity by about 14.0% (Sweston Predicted), while we estimate high-end liquor sales by about 9.1% over the same period, and there is still ample room for high-end liquor sales.
Supported by the needs of high net-value groups, there is room for the operation of high-yielding-priced-up-diplomatic performance through marketing, and confidence in 2024 through the re-engineering of price plates will provide the basis for future price upswings. Figure 5: Comparison of domestic sales of high-end alcohol and the growth rate of high net-value groups
Investment advice and profit projections: P5 is a core piece of the kilobit belt, driving the flow at a very high rate, and looking to 2024 as the price strategy shifts to medium- and long-term price space to lay the groundwork. In addition, a large number of products such as the L5 and the low-level, cultural and alcohol products are already eligible for portfolio investment advice with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.