Five grain fluids, five low-dip prices, sustained steady growth in the future, a combination of policy combinations and spring seasons, and five low-dip prices performed well. In 2024, the company strengthened its market surveillance.
A further refinement of the “1+3” product matrix, with a sustained period of steady growth in the future. The base-based policy mix of five grain consumers has been booming with the spring season, with a strong price performance of the PHP. In March, the average batch price of five grain fluids was $940, an increase of about $10-15 compared to the beginning of the year, and we believe that there are two reasons for this.
Since February 5, 2024, the price of the eighth-generation liquid grain plant rose from $969/bottle to $1019/bottle, and the dealer's offer could be made at the original price by no later than the specified time.
80% of the annual plan can be implemented, and the new annual contract provides for an appropriate reduction in traditional channels for the eighth generation of five-generation food fluids.
According to the National Statistical Office, the national dietary income grew by 12.5 per cent in January-February of 24 years, while tobacco and alcohol commodities increased by 13.7 per cent in total retail terms, both faster than in the same period of the previous year, and the alcohol demand environment improved. According to company feedback, the eight-generation five-generation cereals had a two-digit robust agricultural calendar growth during the first spring.
In addition, because of its strong branding and its ability to regulate channels, we judge that companies can stabilize a group of dealers at a lower level.
The company continues to enrich the product lines of the five grains, with a share in the growth of the five grains, a wide scale, a better sales performance during spring 2024, and a partial push of 45 degrees and 68 degrees in 2024 to meet the special preferences of the consumer logarithm.
The marketing strategy has been systematically streamlined by proposing a strategy of “Headquarters, Regional Masters” that strengthens the hierarchical authorization, regulatory balance, and downgrading of services for regional masters, and furthers the digital transformation of marketing. Companies are expected to respond to market changes at a sustained pace.
Consumers of the five grains have a solid base and a thousand-dollar price has a strong branding advantage. Consider the future industry environment, using market prices as a standard on March 26, 2024. Macroeconomic performance is weak and end demand is inadequate.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wine
(8610) 66229391