Pulse petrochemical (002493)ni energy release drives high growth and high-end materials continue to grow in the south-west securities research and development centre
Incident: The company issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2021, which resulted in a total of 84.42 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, an increase of 67.9 per cent in the same year; net profit from the mother was $6.57 billion, an increase of 104.7 per cent in the same year.
Billion yuan. This represents a 105.3 per cent increase in GDP q2 prices, which amounted to 7780.7 yuan/tonne. With the return of the world economy to normal, the consumption of energy-driven products is expected to resume, opening the way for the sale of petrochemical two-phase refined oil products.
Quality of chemical products is high, and there is room for development in the future. Driven by the upturn in crude oil prices, multi-variate and central gold petrochemicals have a combined capacity of nearly 16 million tons of chemical products, fully benefiting from the increase in the price of chemical products. In the first half of the year, 32.29 billion yuan was earned from chemical products, compared to 75.2%, and the Māori rate has risen significantly by 10.5 percentage points to 75.2%.
39.2 per cent The ethylene petrochemical phase II and ethylene ethylene devices were successfully tested in April and June, respectively, leaving facilities such as polypropylene, pc, photovoltaiceva to be released and the chemical phase two to be fully post-partum, the company will have nearly 26 million tons of chemical production capacity and considerable scope for development.
In 2021, the landscape of the long silk industry was reversed, the company ' s aluminum product Māori ratio was restored, and the net profit to the mother was maintained at a 40.3% compound growth rate in the first half of the year, respectively.
Company 1: The whole industry chain layout, with petrochemicalization becoming a performance trigger point, 1.1 drops of oil to everything in the world.
Aromatic aromatic production is further organized up to the industrial chain each year and is dominated by gold petrochemicals; in recent years, significant progress has been made in the promotion of the petrochemical project, which has officially entered into the crude oil refining chain.The company has now formed a complete refining chain of crude oil-arocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-polyesters-long wires, vials, film: public.
(b) The chemical product polycarbonate downstream can be used in engineering plastics: butadiene can be used in the production of various types of rubber downstream: acrylic can be used in downstream food packaging, heat preservation materials, etc. The company downstream products cover clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, etc., and a drop is achieved.
Figure 1: Company industrial chain currently operates three panels of refined oil products, chemical products, polyester products, etc., with petrochemical phase 2019-05.
New chemical products were added to the post-partum period, and the first common pressure-relief devices of the second phase of petrochemicals were put into operation in 2020-11, and the future capacity of chemical products will increase further. As a result of changes in product structure and changes in the caliber of product statistics, aromatic aromatic products were classified into chemical statistics.
For the external sale of the finished oil, the second post-natal phase of carbide will produce more than 16 million tons of manufactured oil, in addition to some of the chemical light oil production, which is mainly concentrated in gold petrochemicals and petrochemicals, mainly in the production of petrocephagus, slag oils to various aromatic hydrocarbons and yetyl hydrocarbons.
At the same time, large-scale refining integration devices based on petrochemicals enter into polyethylene, polypropylene, polycarbonate (pc), styrene, etc. Production of products, with a post-partum company with more than 25 million tons of chemical production capacity.
With regard to polyesters, the production of filamentation is mainly carried out through meta-optics, condensed fibres, and the production of bottle-grade slices and fibre-grade slices, based on the advantages of the pta raw materials in the south of the Toto Sea: polyester film production is dominated by Insein technology.The company currently has 4.5 million tons of polyester production capacity and 1 million tons of polyester slices in the middle of 2021.
Inner production, Insein technology continued to add to the highly profitable film products, with 250,000 tons of film expansion projects approved by the 2021-01 E.C. The plate is expected to contribute more profit to the company as the polyester industry improves. 1.2 Equity structure is clear and multi-plate management is refined
In terms of equity structure, the real controlling person of the company is Li Shui Yung, who directly or indirectly owns 43.6% of the shares of the listed subjects by means of the wealth control. The company has 10 first-tier subsidiaries, four participating enterprises, which form several business groups, and manages the various business plates, while the central gold petrochemicals and petrochemicals are responsible for refining the oil and chemical products, and the control shares are large and powerful, the Zhejiang River.
Heinzang, Hainan, in charge of pta plates, Yuen Mae, Insein Technologies, etc. 1.3 zolpidem production, full growth and activation. ZP project construction started in 2017. 1 phase of 20 million tons of refined oil, 4 million tons of benzene, 1.4 million tons of ethylene
The second phase, of the same size, put into operation in November 2020 the first normal pressure-relief devices, followed by the incineration, re-engineering and production of downstream chemicals, which are expected to be produced in 2021. Postnatal companies will have more than 16 million tons of finished oil.
The production capacity and the capacity of more than 25 million tons of chemical products, of which px produces 8 million tons, is only 1.6 million tons of px production capacity, which does not meet the production needs of fresh and fresh materials and pta, while the chemical light oil in the production of gold petrochemicals is not being used effectively and its refining equipment is not able to meet its needs for petrocerine oil.
The construction of the petrochemicals will fill the gaps in the existing industrial chain, increase the company’s capacity to feed its raw materials, and expand the scope of its operations to fully activate the public.
In October 2020, the petrochemical oil suits issued an announcement stating that their company, the Petroleum Engineering Construction Company, had successfully won the country's first product, the Sea Bottom Pipeline Project, a 40 million-ton refining integration project, the Submarine Pipework Project for Fish Mountain to Central Gold Products.
The petrochemical pipeline will effectively establish channels of communication between the plants, making full use of it.
In addition, the company has been given the first export quota of finished oils in 2021, the Zhejiang Petroleum Industries Ltd. general export-free quota of 2 million tons of finished oils, and the low sulphur bunker oil export quota of 390,000 tons, making it the only country with an export mix of finished oils.
Private enterprises. In the larger context of the shift in the energy consumption structure of cars to new sources of energy, the acquisition of a quota for the export of finished oil will be sufficient to effectively expand the distribution of fossilized oil and further release performance.
1.4 The high profile of chemical products combined with petrochemical phase II production shows a remarkable performance: the integrated industrial chain continues to improve, with 2021h1 performance rising sharply: between 2016 and 2020, the company ' s operating income capr reached 23.9 per cent, the net profit of the parent cagr was 39.7 per cent, and profit growth exceeded income.
The price differentials for oil products have been magnified, while the cumulative and petrochemical primary capacity has been released. In 2020, the company's performance turned upside down to $10,727 billion, a 30 per cent increase in the same year. In 2021, the price of crude oil, supported by rising crude oil prices, increased the price of multi-variate products, and the company's record-highest growth, with operating income of $34,58 million, a 64.3 per cent increase in the same year.
The net return to the mother was 2.62 billion yuan, up by 113.9 per cent in the same year, with the chemical products of the second quarter continuing with a sustained high profile of 104.7 per cent in the second quarter.
For phenylacetic acid (pta), polyester fibres (pet, with bottles, films), pony, fdy, dty, etc., petrochemical and fibre-optic-related products. In 2020, companies achieved a total of $41.81 billion in operating income compared to the highest chemical industry.
This compares to 9.4 per cent, which was affected by a significant expansion of production capacity in the domestic pta sector, adding to the impact of the epidemic, with a significant increase in pta prices in 2020, the first normal pressure-relief devices for the 40 million tons of petrochemical integration phase II project being put into operation in November, the successful installation of ethylene in April 2021, the success of the ethanol project in June, and the start of an incremental contribution to company performance in 2021h1.
With $32.29 billion in revenue, an increase of 75.2% over the same period, and a small increase in the share of revenue to 38.3%, it is expected that, with the remaining phase two of petrochemicals being put into production, there will still be room for continued growth in chemical products, which will generate more profits for companies. With the winding up of the fibre-optic industry, profits have increased, with the Māori sales rate reaching historical highs since the beginning of this year: the international front.
High oil prices, recovery of economic activity, higher prices of fuel-driven oils and chemical products. Treasure data show average domestic gas q2 prices of 7780.7 yuan per ton, 49.8 per cent in the same year, diesel fuel of 6280.6 yuan per ton, 18.8 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of corporate chemical products of 10.5 per cent to 39.2 per cent, leading to growth in corporate performance.
In terms of the cost of the period, the company has continued to improve its operating environment, with “three fees” at less than 5 per cent of operating income for the last five years. The cost as a percentage of operating income over the period of the company in 2018-202h1 assumes that 1: refined oil products and chemical products benefit from low-cost crude oil stocks acquired during the epidemic and higher prices of products.
High levels of profitability were maintained in 2021, Māori rates were the same as those disclosed in the 2021 semi-annual report, and Māori rates for refined oil products and chemicals are assumed to be 2: Pyrochemical phase II, with additional refined oils producing 8.2 million tons in 2021 and chemical products 10 million tons in 2022-2023.
Assumption 3: The company ' s pta Māori ratio will decline when the market capacity expands significantly. Assumption 4: The profitability of polyester products will be high in the context of a significant increase in upstream raw materials and improved downstream demand. Based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the company for 2021-2023 as follows:
The petrochemical project is a global leader in technology, size, and post-partum projects will enable industries to develop, while high-end advanced material on the company’s layout has become less effective. Given the larger growth of the Eastern rainbow in the short term, table 3: Comparable corporate valuation (stock prices as at 13 August)
There is no direct or indirect compensation for repeated outbreaks abroad, or for the company’s failure to produce, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.