Researchchand developmentcenter 45 billion refined profit hubs, eight times the base of historical valuation
August 31st, 2021, Cao Cao, Research Assistant.
Forty-five billion refined profit hubs, eight times the bottom of historical valuations, continue to build the entire industry chain. The shareholders in the company are Zhejiang Yong Seong Group Ltd. (002493.sz)
The international controller is Lee Shuiyong, Chairman of the Board, who directly or indirectly holds 43.62% equity in glory petrochemicals, 67.57% in control, and has a high concentration of shares. The company has 1.29 million tonnes/year of filamentation, 3 million tonnes/year of polyester bottle control and participation capacity combined with 250,000 tonnes/year of polyester thin membrane production, and 250,000 tonnes/year of zite.
The company, together with HDRC, has a combined capacity of 16.5 million tonnes per year. The company has achieved the most upstream extension of the petrochemical chain to crude oil processing through the holding of Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd.
Implementation in two phases: after completion of two phases, the company will hold the crude oil processing capacity of 40 million tonnes/year, px production capacity of 8 million tonnes/year and ethylene production capacity of 2.8 million tonnes/year.
A step-by-step increase in space. Based on the data on raw materials, product structure and processing costs currently disclosed by the company, we simulated the net annual, quarterly and monthly profits from the petrochemical phase I and phase II projects in the 2014-2020 market environment. The results showed: 1; the price of oil fell in 2014 and the price of 2020.
In the context of the impact of the new crown epidemic, the annual net profit from the ZP I and II projects is 15 billion yuan left right.2 In the context of the slow rise in oil prices in 2015-2018, the average quarterly net profit from the ZP II and q1-q4 projects was 5.5 billion dollars in the last seven years of 2020.
5 yuan. For the last seven years, 2014-2020, the average monthly net profit from the petrochemical phase 1-December was 1.9 billion yuan. It is important to stress that, due to the high degree of adaptability in the design of the refined project products, the company can adapt the design and product structure of the device in a dynamic and flexible manner, depending on market dynamics, to 40 million tonnes/year of carcinogenization.
As the largest refining base in the country today, we believe that companies have the technical conditions to further excavate the deep processing of downstream chemicals, further increase the proportion of chemical products, enhance project competitiveness and profitability, and open up vast space for development in the field of new chemical materials.
According to the PEC report, phase II plans to produce 10.3 million tons of evaval/ldpe. Because of the properties of large-scale smelting flexible devices, tons/years can be adjusted to the extent permitted by the process, the devices are being installed. Since the second half of 2020, they have benefited from global carbon neutralization, and light.
Demand driven by the growth in voltage volume, the demand for PVs is strong and the price of PVs is rising steadily, rising to 61.54% at a maximum of $13,000/t/year. Currently, PVs are maintained at a high rate, while PVs are being addressed as highly imported dependent chemicals.
The downstream chemical industry chain continues to expand. Reliance on its already built capacity to process tens of millions of tons of grade crude oil, using the characteristics of the flexible device of the Great Refinery Project, there is still an imaginary future in the chemical industry.
phenol production capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year, acetone production capacity of 140,000 tonnes/year for the ZP I project; 80,000 tonnes/year for the SDP project; and 260,000 tonnes/year polycarbonate (pc) for both projects
In contrast to other private major refining projects that have been or are about to be produced, zolpidem is currently the only building in Beijing that is located in the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of the City.
Project to build the phenol chain. By August 27, 2021, the price of biphenola had increased to $28,250/ton, the price differential for biphenols a-phenols a-propanone had increased to $12,850/ton, and the price differential for pc and biphenols a, due to upstream biphenol a price guarantee, had led to a narrow price difference.
In the future, as consumer electronics and photovoltaic industries recover and develop further, the mma demand will continue to release, and the industry’s climate will continue to be relatively good. Unlike the market: we believe that the market has given too much attention to Zhejiang petrochemical three issues for company performance.
The effects of growth, over-examining the high margins of refining profits in the first half of 2021, seriously underestimating the profitability of the first and second phases of petrochemical projects and the performance growth of the company following the delivery of the second stage of petrochemicals. The net profit from the 2021 phase of the petrochemicals project was $11.3 billion, according to us in 2014-2020.
In the market environment, it is estimated that 15-30 billion dollars, or 22.5 billion yuan, are between the annual net profits of the petrochemical phase and phase two projects. In our view, the first half of 2021 was in the middle of historical profits, taking into account the flexibility of the public administration to adjust the product structure to market conditions and the ability to process further downstream chemicals.
In addition, by the end of 2021, the company's controlled pta capacity will have reached 18,850,000 tonnes per year, although pta's recent decline in profitability due to increased production capacity, we believe that pta is expected to hit the bottom in 2023 and cannot lose sight of the company's pta.
Significant elasticity of performance. The company is active in polyester membrane, optical film, etc., with multiple sets of values. The petrochemical phase I project contributes to the year-round performance, phase II is nearing full production, and downstream pta, polyester production capacity is still on stream.
The first-time coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. The share price catalyst: the climate of the chemical industry has recovered significantly; the pace of production of the petrochemical phase II project has accelerated; and the new chemical materials project has improved performance and valuation.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of demand; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of less than expected completion of the petrochemical phase II project; risks of less than expected progress in construction of the company's ongoing project; risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products.
There is still room for further improvement in the profit center of the Zhejiang petrochemicals project of 40 million tonnes/year. Based on data on raw materials, product structure, and processing costs that the company currently discloses, we simulated the annual net profit of both the Zhelithization phase and phase II projects in the context of the collapse of oil prices and the new crown epidemic in 2020.
In the context of the slow rise in oil prices in the period 2015-2018, the annual net profit of the ZP I and II projects was approximately $30 billion.3 In the last seven years, 2014-2020, the annual net profit zones of the ZP I and II projects were $15-30 billion and the hub was around 22.5 billion.4 In the last seven years, 2014-2020, the ZP and II projects were q1-q4 flat.
In the past seven years, 2014-2020, the average monthly net profit from the petrochemical phase 1-December was 1.9 billion yuan. It should be emphasized that, given the high degree of adaptability of the product design of the refining project, the company can adapt the design and product structure of the device in a flexible manner, depending on market dynamics, with the 40 million tonnes/year refining project being the largest in the country today.
In our view, the company has the technical conditions for further excavation of downstream chemical products, further increasing the proportion of chemical products, increasing project competitiveness and profitability, and opening up vast space for development in the field of new chemical materials. Large refining opens up new downstream materials. According to the PEC report, phase II is planned to produce 10/30 million eva/ldpe.
In response to a question from investors, the company is currently designing 300,000 tonnes of capacity per year, and the installation of the device is in the process of being modified. Since the second half of 2020, the benefits have been global “carbon-neutral”, driven by the demand for the growth of photovoltaic machines, and by the high demand for PVs, which is driving up the price of eva.
As of August 25, 2021, the price of eva rose again at a rapid rate of 21,000 yuan per ton, up by 61.54 per cent from a peak of 13,000 yuan per ton in 2019. The current price differentials between bva and 0.72 units of ethylene and 0.28 units of acetic acid have reached a pattern in which the continued “moderate carbon” will continue to maintain a high rate of photovoltaic growth, with luminouseva as a highly imported dependent chemical.
Depending on the dividends of its already built capacity for processing tens of millions of tons of grade crude oil, there is still room for great refining in the future in the field of chemicals, using the characteristics of a large-scale smelting project, which is designed for the production of phenol.
By 27 August 2021, the price of biphenola had increased to $28,250 per ton, the price differential of biphenola-phenol to $12,850 per ton, and the price difference between pc and biphenola was guided by the upstream price guarantee of biphenola.
In contrast to a profit-making enterprise in one segment, the overall logic of the capture industry is that zolpidem maximized. We believe that the market is overly concerned about the impact of the Zhejiang petrochemical three issues on the growth of the company ' s performance, over-concerning the high profit margins for refining in the first half of 2021, seriously underestimating the profitability of the Zulcochemical I and II projects and the post-partum delivery of the Zulcolite II phase.
The net profit from the petrochemical phase in 2021 was $11.3 billion, and according to our estimates of the market environment for 2014-2020, the annual net profits from the petrochemical phase and phase two projects ranged from $15-30 billion, with 22.5 billion in the centre, and we believe that the first half of 2021 was in the middle of historical profits, taking into account the flexibility of companies to adjust their products according to market conditions.
By the end of 2021, the company’s shareholding pta capacity will reach 18,850,000 tonnes per year. Although pta’s recent increase in productivity has been more profitable, we believe that pta’s climate is expected to rebound in 2023 and that the company’s great pta’s performance elasticity cannot be ignored.
The company is active in polyester membrane, optical film, etc., and is multi-pronged in the construction of petrochemical poles. Profit predictions and investment ratings: 15.78, 8.73 and 8.23 times, respectively, are well below the company ' s historical and comparable company valuations.
The objective contributes to the year-round performance, with phase two nearing full production, downstream pta and polyester production capacity still running. Corporate integration is achieved without interruption of horizontal expansion, with a sharp rise in the cyclical chemical landscape and a significant increase in the company’s performance. The first coverage is a significant recovery in the chemical industry; the pace of production of phase two is accelerating; and the new chemical materials project is improving its performance.
Risks of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of end demand; risk of continued loss of profits due to increased domestic pta production capacity; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of profit from downstream products.
First, “One drop of oil to a thread, building the entire industrial chain” Eon Seon Seok Pul Inc. is one of our leading companies in the petrochemical and chemical fibres industry, based in Hangzhou, Hill Hills. The predecessor is the Pyrotechnics Group Ltd., founded in 1989. In November 2010, Eon Seon Seok was incorporated into the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Listed on the market. The company is mainly involved in the production and sale of petrochemical, fibre-optic-related products and has a complete industrial chain of refined, aromatic, aromatic, aromatic and downstream fertilisers (pta), meg and polyesters (pet, with bottles, film), detergents (poy, fdy, dty).
The shareholders in the company are Zhejiang Young-Sung Group Limited. The controlling person is Lee Heung-hyeong, Chairman of the Board, who holds 6.35% of the shares directly in the PEL, 61.27% directly in the PEL Group, 43.62% directly or indirectly in the PEL, and 67.57% in the PEL. In addition, Lee Young-gyeong, Li Kyeong-chung, Xu Xu Xi Xi,
Nobu had a relationship with Li Xiaoyong. The company’s controlling shareholders, directors, directors, and relatives together held 70.42% of the wealth and concentration of the equity.
In keeping with its two-way development strategy, the company has continued to expand its industrial chain upstream and horizontally, and has continued to develop new fibre-optic products to raise the rate of differentiation. In 1995, the company was founded with a prehistoric textile, and in 1997, it introduced a slicing device, gradually entering the area of elixir. In 2005, the company, in cooperation with the Tsang Cement Corporation, set up the first set of 650,000 tons of Zhejiang Yuen petrochemicals.
In the same year, Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd., a company-owned company, was registered and started work on a 2017 to 000 tonnes/year refining integration project, and in December 2019, a test-drilled vehicle, and in November 2020, Zhejiang petrochemicals.
After more than two decades of development, the company became a leading petrochemical enterprise covering the entire industrial chain of petrochemical “oil-aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-optics.” Depending on the company's history of development and existing production capacity patterns, the company's main business could be divided into polyesters, px-pta and three major refinings.
China is the world’s leading textile producer and exporter, with a company based on polyester fibre optics, which has been growing steadily since its inception, and has accelerated the development of customized products to meet market differentiation and individualized needs, with a long history of good reputations in the market. The company has 1.29 million tonnes of filamentation capacity, polyester bottle control and participation capacity.
A total of 3 million tonnes/year and 250,000 tonnes/year of polyester membrane production, including 500,000 tonnes/year of polyester bottles in Hainan in 2020, 1 million tonnes/year of polyester bottles in Yuzheng, 250,000 tonnes/year of Insein technology, and 1 80,000 tonnes/year of Insein technology expansion project. The company is still planning to build 500,000 tonnes/year 2 project and 250,000 tonnes of Insein technology.
The expansion projects (the remaining 170,000 tonnes/year) are all under active development. 2 px-pta plates The 2015 gold aromatic aromatics project in a fully-owned subsidiary is operational and currently has 1.6 million tonnes/year px capacity.
The project was launched with a capacity of 4 million tonnes/year. The project is currently under production, with a combined capacity of 8 million tonnes/year of controlled px production and 9.6 million tonnes/year of corporate holdings. 16.5 million tonnes/year of controlled pta production are still in the process of producing 3 million tonnes/year of new material.
Yearly production, now owns 4 holding and participating subsidiaries of South China's Hampshire, Hampshire and Hampshire Materials. The public sector's pta capacity has been deployed and scaled up to the upper edge of the industrial chain, and it has now become the country's largest shareholder, pta, and a large smelting plate.
The company achieved the extension of the petrochemical industry chain to the upper stages of crude oil processing through the holding of Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd. Zherochemicals was established on 18 June 2015 and invested in the construction of 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects at the Green Pyrochemical Base in the Ark Hills, with a total planned investment of 173 billion yuan in the production of national diesel fuel, coal, px, high-end polyfin hydrocarbons, polycarbon acids, etc.
More than 20 petrochemical products, such as esters. On April 11, 2017, 40 million tonnes/yearly refined integration projects were approved by the Ministry of the Environment (Environmental Review [2017] 45), and the project was planned and implemented in two phases: one-year processing of 20 million tonnes of crude oil, 4 million tonnes per year of px and 1.4 million tonnes per year of ethylene production, completed in December 2019.
Production; 20 million tons of crude oil processed in the second phase, 4 million tons per year, 1.4 million tons per year of ethylene per year, with the constant pressure reduction device being put into a test vehicle in November 2020, with other devices to be put into production. Upon completion of the two projects, the company will hold the crude oil processing capacity of 40 million tons per year and 2.8 million tons per year of ethylene production. From the downstream polyester chain to crude oil processing.
Through the advantages of crude oil processing capacity, developments have been made to other areas of the chemical industry, including polyvinyl hydrocarbons, phenols, acetone, polycarbonate (pc), mma andeva applications, and we have simulated the phase and phase of petrochemical based on data on raw materials, product structure and processing costs currently disclosed by the company.
The results of the annual, quarterly and monthly net profits of Phase II in the 2014-2020 market environment indicate that:1 the annual net profits of Phase I and Phase II projects are around 15 billion yuan in the context of the sharp fall in oil prices in 2014 and the new crown epidemic in 2020.
2. In the context of the slow rise in oil prices in the period 2015-2018, the annual net profits of the ZP I and II projects were 4, q1-q4 quarter net profits of 59, 57, 56 and 5.6 billion yuan in the last seven years 2014-2020, the average quarterly net profits of $5.7 billion, and the ZP II q1-q4 quarter net profits of 58, 56, 55 and 55, respectively
$5.5 billion, with an average quarterly net profit of $5.7 billion, with no significant seasonal differences.5 In the last seven years 2014-2020, net monthly profits for the first phase of zirconization - 1 December were 19, 20, 19, 19, Figure 5: Zhejiang petrochemical phase I, quarterly net profits for the second phase of the project and Brent crude oil prices (billions, US dollars/barrets)
It should be emphasized that, given the high degree of adaptability in the design of the products of the refining project, the company may be able to adapt the design of the device and product structure to market conditions, and the 40 million tonnes/year refining project is currently the largest refining base in the country, and we believe that the company has the technical conditions to further excavate the deep processing of the downstream chemicals and to further increase the proportion of the chemical products,
According to the petrochemical epoxy report, phase II plans to produce 10.3 million tons of eva/ldpe. Due to the large-scale refining of flexible device features, the production capacity structure of the plant can be adjusted to the extent permitted by the process.
On December 23, 2019, the Pyrochemical 2 Project Structure Optimisation Acrylonitrile Joint Facility, approved by the Eco-Environmental Agency of Nakayama City, planned to invest a total of 3.3 billion yuan, with the main input of propylene from the Pyrochemical 2 stage propane dehydration device.
Table 5: Technical matrix of petrochemical plants, a complete “one drop of oil to one silk” in the Great Refinery Project, with a sustained high growth in company performance.
The Division’s operating income grew steadily and declined in 2019, mainly as a result of a similar decline in the business landscape. After the launch of the petrochemical phase I project, the company achieved business income of $107,265 million and $84,416 million in 2020 and the first half of 2021, respectively, at a rate of 30.02 per cent and 67.89 per cent, respectively.
From the revenue structure of the first half of 2021, the total revenue from the refining of related chemical and refined oil products accounted for 71 per cent of the company ' s total business income, compared to 17 per cent of the business income from the pta-polyester fibre chain of the former main business, including oil.
Self-employed trading operations, such as goods, chemicals, and coal, account for 12% of the revenue. With the exception of the high temperature in 2017, the company’s level of Māori scrubbing and pta is usually 31.79% in the first half of the year, mainly in the direction of the company’s movement towards functional thin film, increasing the profitability of the track.
In 2019, the general pressure-relief device was put into production, with a level of 27.07 per cent of refined oil products, while in the first half of 2020, the overall Māori level of the epidemic project exceeded 30 per cent, well above the traditional polyester business. And the development of polyesters into a segmented track, with an annual Māori rate of 30.40 per cent for polyester thinfilms, was higher than the Māori rate for major refining operations during the same period.
The extension of the industrial chain and product diversification resulting from the gradual introduction of the petrochemical project have led to a fundamental decline in the profitability of the company, mainly due to the fact that transport insurance premiums and storage charges are presented in the line of operating costs. As a result of the high demand for finance for the construction of large-scale refining projects, the company ' s financial cost rate was higher, at 2.00 per cent in the first half of 2021.
After that, the company relied on its raw material advantage to gradually increase its R & D investment, with 1.81 per cent of its R & D cost in the first half of 2021, 40 million tons of productive land to build a private and highly refined leader.
Since 2021, 16 million tonnes/yearly refining integration projects have been completed on 30 June, with the first nuclear core devices, such as normal depressure, expected to be delivered by the end of 2021. In 2021, including the full commissioning of phase II of the ZP project, only one month of production has passed, and 1.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene units are expected to be operational by 2021, according to the “13th year”
“V. Approval and actual construction of large-scale refining projects, with 100 million tons/year of major refining capacity remaining in 2022 and beyond, will be at a peak in construction or planning. According to data released in the 2020 annual report of the three major private refining dragons, the major refining performance is bright.
Net profits doubled over the previous year, stifling petrochemical performance increased significantly, and stubble was largely the same as in 2019 as in 2020, when the cycle hit the bottom. The net profits of both major private-smelting poles in the country were more than 10 billion. In terms of single-season performance, in 2020 q3 and 2021 q1, crude oil prices tended to rise.
Enterprises perform the best. And, in the context of the project’s coming into operation and the recovery of a procyclical oil price, large-scale refining enterprises have steadily released a single-season profit. For private petrochemicals whose main business is pelagic polyesters, the development of upstream refining projects and, ultimately, the integration of the entire industry chain has led to the completion of the enterprise’s advantages in terms of cost, product type, and productivity.
Second, the complexity of installations leads the world, and private leaders lead the market, according to the 14th Five-Five Planning Guide for the petrochemical industry, which we will be doing during the 14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Continue to promote “reducing oil” in oil refineries, dividing the refineries into three categories: large, medium and small, and developing their capabilities to develop downstream chemical industries. The phase-out of small refineries of up to 5 million tonnes/year size, which do not have the capacity to develop to refine chemicals, and the consolidation of performance indicators for small refineries, replacing large-scale refining projects with the capacity to develop ethylene and aromatic hydrocarbons.
Small-scale refineries and medium-sized refineries can be developed in the context of a refined integration model for “specially refined oils + niche chemicals.” The refineries are encouraged to expand their ethylene and aromatic hydrocarbon installations to a more scarce range of chemicals. At the root of this, the “14-5” petrochemical industry plans focus on phasing out small production capacity, integrating refining targets, building processes longer, and starting with higher rates.
Integrating more diversified products, improving the efficiency of our petrochemical production, “drying out” resources, developing key chemical products with “cricket” characteristics, and addressing the high dependence on imports of part of the chemical products. Nelson Collage index, nci, is currently the most internationally recognized measure of the refinery’s complexity.
Indicator. Typically, the collage factor for the refinery is about 2, the combustible factor for the refinery is about five, the combity factor for the refinery is about nine, and the more complex the refinery equipment is, the more expensive it is, the more expensive it is. Although there have been no new refineries in the United States in recent years, the average nci has been constantly raised by increasing the number of processing upgrades and cokering devices in the refinery, and the United States has been a global refinery loading.
The most complex country. The highest global Nilson complex is the Marathon refinery in Texas, with a 15.3 Nilsen complex. The company's Zhejiang petrochemical project uses the latest process package to increase the proportion of heavy oil in raw oil through more sophisticated refineries, with a Nelson complex factor of 11.9, well above the three-barrel oils.
As pressure continues to increase on the supply side of the finished oil, domestic refineries seek new development paths through the oil-reducing transformation process.
There are two categories: one is a traditional improvement centred on catalytic fission, focusing mainly on the downstream development routes of acrylic and carbon, and the other is the provision of chemical raw materials through hydrogen fission and catalytic re-engineering, followed by the construction of steam fission and joint aromatic device, downstream development of a transformational routes guided by downstream industrial chains such as acrylic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, etc. The latter is represented by a large-scale refining integration project.
A study of the rate of harvest of oil and chemical products from large-scale refining units in accordance with the design time shows that the rate of harvest of finished oil is much lower for late-design projects than for earlier-design projects.
69.24%. This is mainly due to the fact that these projects were planned at the beginning of the 13th Five-Year Plan, when the main objective was to respond to supply-side reforms and build large-scale advanced energy pooling projects. As the fine and differentiated value of downstream chemicals that have been constantly discovered in the course of national policy direction and practice, the Orient Rainbow has been accompanying its installations in line with the objective of “reducing oil”
With this improvement, the Shandong Xulong Island project, which was subsequently designed to reduce the rate of oil harvest to 12.49 per cent, is the project under the current design that will put maximum pressure on the output of the finished oil. As a result of our quota system for crude oil imports, the refinery can only purchase raw oil at the approved level.
From 2019 to 2020, the total allowable volume of crude oil imported in the country did not change much, but its use increased by 6.64 million tons in 2020 on the same basis as in 2019. Each year, the distribution of quotas shows a trend towards a reduction in the number of quotas in the second and third instalments of the first tranches of the year.
With a total of only 4.42 million tons, of which 3 million tons have been allocated to carbide, a total of 20 million tons of crude oil import quota has been granted. At the end of the third series of crude oil quotas, 19 enterprises have received lower quotas that do not reach the upper limit for allowing the use of quotas. This decentralization is more like a supplemental quota, not excluding the possibility of a fourth decentralization in 2021.
The price of crude oil has continued to rise since the beginning of 2021, and the price of crude oil purchased at the beginning of the year has been relatively low in the first half of the year, with large refining firms gaining a low-cost advantage in the course of the year. As new major refining projects continue to come into operation, it is also expected that new imports of crude oil will be allowed.
In the case of the Zhejiang petrochemical II project, 20 million tons of imported crude oil and 16 million tons of rainbow petrochemical oil have yet to be re-recorded. In addition, as part of the refinery’s crude oil import approval will be replaced by a conversion of crude oil production capacity, our crude oil imports will continue to show a “severe-several” trend during the “14th-five” period.
Similar to crude oil imports, we have a quota system for the export of finished oils. From 2015 to 2016, we briefly opened up the export of finished oil from private enterprises, but because of the low utilization of the quota for the export of finished oil, the country withdrew its export quota for private enterprises in 2017, and only “three barrels of oil”, the Centralized Group and China could obtain a quota for the export of finished oil.
Having a quota of 1 million tons for the export of our finished oil, and a combined export quota of 2.52 million tons for the first and second tranches in 2021, marks the opening again of the export channels for the finished oil from our national companies. The Chinese Warfare Industries Group also received an export quota of 50,000 tons and 300,000 tons in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
The export of finished oil may again be liberalized, and the quota for the export of finished oil from companies is expected to continue to increase.iii. aromatic hydrocarbons + aromatic hydrocarbons, two essential directions for large-scale refining 1, large-scale refined production potential, px import substitution accelerated.
At the end of 2018, China had about 14 million tonnes/year of px production, about 15.9 million tonnes/year of imports, and a peak of 61.17% of import dependence of px. Imports from neighbouring areas such as Taiwan, Japan, and elsewhere are still needed each year, creating a Japanese-Korean-dominated market for sellers. Moreover, production of px is largely monopolized by the international petrochemical giants, leading our enterprises to negotiate on px procurement.
Far beyond other North-East Asian regions, which account for 39% of global px production capacity, promoting a shift in our supply and demand from high import dependence to a new pattern of accelerated import substitution. By 2020, our import dependence at px was 42.75%, a decrease of 18.42 percentage points from its high point in 2018, and import dependence will continue to decline in the future as large-scale refining projects at px yield.
Figure 17: Global distribution of px capacity, 2020 (%) Singapore, Taiwan, China
In the pre-natal phase of the private refining integration project, our px production capacity is concentrated in the “three barrels of oil” and its subsidiaries, with a total production capacity of about 6.26 million tonnes per year as of the end of 2020; about 2.89 million tonnes per year of the total production capacity of petroleum px in China; 800,000 tonnes per year of oil in China; 1.5 million tonnes per year of the Centralized Group, with a total capacity of 11.45 million tonnes per year.
The proposed and unincorporated px capacity is also 880,000 tonnes/year, of which 2, 4 million tonnes/year, 3 million tonnes/year on Xulong Island, and 2.7 million tonnes/year on Xinlong Island, will be phased out in an orderly manner. The supply side of the px market will gradually shift to a half-way pattern between private and state-owned enterprises, and domestic import substitution of px will accelerate.
The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Gold petrochemicals, began construction on a scale of 900,000 tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons in 2010, and in mid-December 2014, it received a copy of the Environmental Protection Agency ' s report on the adjustment of 900,000 tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons to 2 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons in Ningpo City. The project was completed in December 2015 and commissioning began in 2016.
In October 2017, the gold petrochemical 900,000 tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons were adjusted to 2 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons project was completed and accepted. China ' s petrochemical use of a fuel oil-based joint aromatic hydrocarbon device currently has a px production capacity of 1.6 million tonnes/year, phenyl486.5 million tonnes/year, providing chemical raw materials for other plants in the petrochemical zone. Liquefied gas is also treated separately and by-products include acrylene, propane, and heavy aromatic aromatics.
By-products such as hydrocarbons and hydrogen, in terms of historical performance, the net profit from gold petrochemicals in 2016 could reach a maximum of 1.630 billion yuan. In 2018, when we imported px to reach a maximum of 60 per cent, China generated a record high of 19.151 billion yuan in revenues from petrochemical operations, resulting in a net profit of 897 million yuan.
In 2020, the impact of the epidemic and domestic production of px resulted in a significant decline in middle-prime petrochemical operating income and net profits. By industry data, the difference between px and stone brain oil prices in 2018 exceeded $600 per ton, the normal annual difference between 300 and 400 years affected by the impact of the epidemic, and a significant decline in px in 2020. In the first half of 2021, middle-grade gold petrochemical operating income and net profit
The price differential for px has remained generally stable at around $200-250 per ton, following the recovery of the industry. The overall movement of px has been more stable and has contributed to the stabilization of the gold petrochemicals. Figure 20: 2016 - to date, px, petrocephalus prices and price differentials (US$/tonne)
According to the company's overall layout, China's gold petrochemicals are located in the city of Ningbo, approximately 100 metres from Zhejiang's petrochemical unit vehicle, which can digest the fuel oil produced from Zhejiang, which is not more than 17 km from the Zhejiang semeralite line, and where new materials are located in the immediate vicinity of gold petrochemicals.
There is near digestion in the production enterprises, where industrial chain synergies can be achieved within Ningpo and the canoe range. 2, “Category-Category” continues to advance, and there is still room for light-carbon hydrocarbons, which tend to lighten the process of petrochemical feedstock production, taking into account pollution, energy consumption, cost, etc.
Lines have the advantage of high product yields, low cost, low energy consumption, and low pollution. The domestic petrochemical industry has gradually shifted from heavy products such as petrocephalic oil to light-based light hydrocarbons, oil gas, and other less polluting, more diversified petrochemical products. The development of the c2 and c3 chains, represented by ethylene and acetylene, is at the heart of the future micro-refining downstream industrial plates, while at the same time developing in these plates.
The exhibition also focused on the development of fine, high-end, high-end polyolefins from the general label polyolefins of traditional bulk commodities in order to obtain the planned construction and production of the ethylene project in recent years. In 2021, satellite petrochemicals of 1.25 million tonnes/year of alkylated alkylene fission project was launched in phase I, cytochemicals of 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene device, ecstasy petrochemicals of 800,000 tonnes/year of ethylene device and Gure.
Ethylene production is estimated to be 4.9 million tons per year in construction and planning years and beyond. So, with domestic production of ethylene production since 2019, it is actually the process of replacing the country’s most advanced production capacity with post-partum imports after import grabs have taken up the market share of the backward production capacity. Ethylene supply, 34.66 million tons in 2020, yielding 31.7 million tons, starting with 91.7 per cent in almost five years.
The start-up rate has been maintained at over 90 per cent, ethylene consumption equivalents have reached 63.14 million tonnes (net import of lower ethylene derivatives equivalent), import dependence has been maintained at around 50 per cent, supply and demand gaps have been magnified to 31.37 million tonnes/year, and the ethylene industry is expected to remain high.
In the domestic ethylene consumption market, the share of polyethylene is 63.7%, while the rest are ethylene oxide, ethylene ethylene, styrene, polychloroethylene, and acetic ethylene.
Over the past five years, our consumption of polyethylene has grown rapidly to 38.625 million tons in 2020, with an average annual compound increase of 9.83% over the last five years. Domestic production of polyethylene has increased at an average annual rate of 6.86%, far below the rate of increase in consumption.
In terms of supply and demand patterns, our production of polyethylene is only 52.64% of total annual consumption, which is low compared to the same period in five years, leading to an increase in the dependence on polyethylene imports each year. The supply of and demand for downstream HC2 derivatives is more indicative of the overall output deficit in the whole chain of c2 and the high dependence on imports of c2 downstream products, which still leaves much of the development of ethylene and its downstream products.
In the future, there will be a need to strengthen ethylene and its derivatives to the benefit of existing petrochemical enterprises with large-scale ethylene production capacity.Acrylic supply, 4.421 million tons of domestic acrylic production, 38.26 million tons in 2020, 86.5 per cent start-up rate, nearly five years ago, the rate of start-up has been maintained at over 80 per cent and acrylic consumption equivalents of 48.29 million tons (downstream derivatives equivalent with acrylic content).
Import dependence has been reduced to 20 per cent annually, with a supply and demand gap of 10.3 million tons in 2020, and the supply and demand gap has stabilized.73 per cent of the consumption of acrylic is accounted for by polypropylene, while other uses are more averaged, mainly for epoxypropane, acrylic acid, nbutol/octol, acrylic acetone and so on.
Figure 25: Structure of downstream consumption of acrylene Figure 26: Supply and Demand, Start-up and Import Dependence between 2015 and 2020 (million downstream consumer goods account for the largest basic balance of supply and demand of polypropene, with annual averages of estimated consumption of polypropene between 2016 and 2020
The combined rate of increase is 7.55%, with production increasing at an average rate of 7.63% per year due to the higher production of devices such as pdh, which is slightly higher than the apparent rate of increase in consumption, and the dependence on polypropylene imports in the country remains largely stable and low. The current domestic production of polyolefins is mainly low- and medium-end products, some of the high-end light hydrocarbon polymers are still dependent on imports, and future domestic chains of the industry are high-end.
In general, the level of planning for large-scale refining projects on finished oils is about 30 to 40 per cent, and the dependence on imports of chemical products.
Compared to a 20 million tonnes/year project of petrochemical and hemospheric petrochemicals, which is operating steadily in the year, the persistent petrochemicals concentrate on ethanol, polyolefins, toluene, heavy aromatics, etc. The fine chemical products downstream of the petrochemicals of the Zhejiang are more varied and include products such as acrylene, mma, phenol, eva, polycarbonate (pc) and acetone.
The major refining projects that have been built have opened up gaps in time and cost, and have led the industry to compete. Relying on the dividends of its already built capacity to process tens of millions of tons of grade crude oil, there is still room for great refining in the future in the field of chemicals, and the established production structure can be flexiblely adapted to the climate of the chemical industry.
Outputs in the range to maximize the sustainability and performance of the profitability of large-scale refining projects. (Note: The Helium petrochemical project product includes its 1.5 million tonnes/yrene project)1, carbon neutral and pull photovoltaic requirements, with the ZPeva installation in place.)
According to the CEP report, phase two plans for the production of 10.3 million tonnes of eva/ldpe. Due to the large-scale refining of flexible device characteristics, the production capacity structure of the plant can be adjusted to the extent permitted by the process.
Ethylene-Acetylene condensate (eva) is condensed by ethylene (e) and acetic ethylene ester (va). Compared to ethylene, eva is good in transparency, surface lightness and chemical stability, high intensities of resistance to ageing and ozone resistance, good in mixing with fillings, easy in colouring and formulation, and wide in use. eva resins are generally used as a condensate with va content of 5-40%.
The lower the va content, the closer to low-density high-pressure polyethylene (ldpe), the higher the va content, the closer to rubber, the main downstream consumption areas of the eva resin are foaming materials, solar photovoltaics, wire cables, coatings, thermal smelting and
As the photovoltaic and cable industries develop, bubbles, wire cables, and photovoltaic membrane have become the main consumption area downstream of the country, accounting for 82%. Future “middle carbon” advances, and there is still significant room for growth in demand for high endeva in areas such as photovoltaic film and cable cables.
Since the second half of 2020, it has benefited from global “carbon neutrality”, driven by demand driven by the growth of photovoltaic machines, and by a strong demand for PVs, which has driven up the price of PVs. From July 2020 onwards, the price of MVs has fallen slightly after a rapid and substantial upswing in prices, rising to 61.54 per cent at a level of around RM/t. The current price differential between ethylene and 0.72 and 0.28 units of acetic acids.
Progress has accelerated the outbreak of the photovoltage concept, while the world’s additional capacity is slowly being supplied and released for several years, so that the photovoltage is still the blue sea. According to China’s Photovoltage Industry Association (cpia), the global light voltage was 130gw in 2020, which is increasing by the same time.
13%; our light voltage is 48.2gw, a 60% increase over the same year. China's Photovoltage Association predicts that global and our photovoltage will continue to grow at a high rate over the next five years. The estimated number of new installed units for the year 2021 is 150gw-170gw, and for the year 2025 is 55gw-65gw.
Conservative capacity will reach 90gw and optimism will reach 110gw, a third of the world. According to the China Photovoltaic Industry Association (cpia), global solar cell production in 2020 was about 163.4gw, an increase of 16.6%, and our solar cell production was about 134.8gw, an increase of 22.2%.
Ten thousand square metres of photovoltaic membrane, photovoltaic assembly installation and production compatibility are calculated on the basis of 1:1.2.According to projections from the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries (cpia), the use of the film in 2021-2025 will develop steadily, with a gradual increase in the share of the film in the poe (containing co-crucible), assuming that two thirds of the condensed poo film is the film in the condensed version of the film.
The demand for photo-voltaic film has increased, and its demand for the corresponding film materialseva and poe will increase steadily, with a ratio of approximately 85% projected for 2021-2025. Since the production of the film is for eva resins and modifiers, the weight of eva resins is about 0.5 kg/m2.
In 21-25 years, the global demand for PVeva particles was estimated at 81, 103, 121, 136 and 151 million tons, with annual demand growing at a rate of 18.39 per cent, with PV particles in a tight pattern. On the supply side, although the country currently has 1.49 million tonnes of capacity, there are only three enterprises in the country.
In 2020, the country produced about 200,000 tonnes of photovoltaics, and in Srbang petrochemicals produced about two thirds of the capacity. The plant production process is more demanding because of the 28-33% va content of photovoltaics than the va content of foams and cable cables.
The historical experience of the industry is that the device takes two years from driving a car to producing an avalanche material that can be used for photovoltaic film. At this stage, the supply and demand patterns are relatively limited, the overall demand has been growing at a very high rate in two years, and the industry has favoured the producers of the luminum voleva.
A quick cut-off of PV cakes. Based on the current state of construction and planned capacity in the country, about 1.68 million tons of build and planned capacity are available, and based on the characteristics of technology patents and devices used, we expect to produce 1.09 million tons of PV particles in the country by 2025, and about 400,000 tons overseas, taking into account the actual production and start-up rates of evaar devices.
So, in the long term, the persistence of “carbon neutrality” will continue to maintain a high rate of photovoltaic growth, even though profits are likely to fall at a higher than current absolute level as domestic photovoltaics increase, but as highly imported dependent chemicals, photovoltaiceva is addressing the “cricket” and achieving a large scale.
The level of profit will remain relatively high until partial self-sufficiency is met.2 The chain layout of the phenol industry, pc industry has great potential, according to the PEC bulletin, a project designed to produce 210,000 tonnes/year of phenol, 140,000 tonnes/year of acetone production, and a second phase of the project
Designed for 80,000 tonnes/year of phenol production; 260,000 tonnes/year of polycarbonate (pc) production were planned for both phases, with a strong layout of the phenol ketone industrial chain. Compared to other private large-scale refining projects that have been or are about to be produced, pseudochemicals are currently the only phenol production that is one of the important derivatives of acrylates, which is an important organic material, and are used in a wide range of downstream applications, mainly for production.
Biphenolsa, phenol resins, and endymphetamine are also widely used in medicine, pesticides, fuels, and the refining industry, where they account for the largest share of phenol consumption. The methods used for the production of phenols are mainly ipropylene, benzene-benzoacetic acid, and benzene direct oxidation.
In 2020, the domestic phenol production capacity was 33.79 million tons, yielding 21.35 million tons, with a sharp drop in the burden of work affected by the epidemic in 2020. The apparent consumption of 28,295 million tons, with sustained growth in consumption, contributed to an increase in import dependence in 2020 to a greater degree of dispersion than the use of acetone, mainly as a direct organic solvent for explosives, plastics, rubber, etc.
Fibres, tanning, oils, paint sprays, etc., can also be used in the manufacture of acetone cyanol, methacrylate, methyl hexabutyl ketone, biphenola, etc., and eventually in paints, medicine, pesticides, etc. By 2020, domestic acetone production had a capacity of 205.1 million tons, yielding 1,280.2 million tons, showing consumption of 1,98.69 million tons, an average import dependency of acetone over the last five years
Import dependence is expected to decrease in view of the large-scale, low-cost and advanced equipment and processing of phenylphenols/propanone devices in major refining projects such as zolpidem, orientated rainbows, which are most commonly used for the production of polycarbonate (pc) and epoxy resins.
Prior to that, the price of biphenola fluctuated between $5,000 and $15,000 per ton. In the second half of 2020, the price of biphenola increased significantly as a result of the supply shortages and the demand for epoxy resins caused by the increased volume of downstream wind power plants due to an lig chemical accident in Korea. As of August 30, 2021, the price of biphenola increased to $28,250 per ton, and the cost of biphenolsa-phenol-propa by August 30, 2021.
The ketone price differential has been extended to 12,900 yuan/tonne. Figure 35: 2016-to date Biphenolsa, phenylphenols, acetone prices and price differentials (M/T, M/T) The ZP project has been extended to polycarbonate (pc) in the configuration of the ketone industrial chain, with combined planning for 220,000 tonnes/year
Polycarbonate (pc) production capacity.pc is a non-crystal engineering plastic with good shock resistance strength, heat stability, light sensitivity, bacterial inhibition, flame-retardance properties and anti-pollution resistance, typically in electrical and commercial equipment (computer components, connectors, etc.), household appliances (food processors, refrigerator drawers, etc.) and transport industries (car lamps, dashboards, etc.).
The main production processes for pc are interferometric and molten ester exchange, but since the raw luminous gas of the interferometry method is toxic gas, new projects are being produced in an increasingly environmentally sound policy environment using polyester exchange.
The feedstock ester exchange process route produces polycarbonate (pc). Figure 36: The petrochemical polycarbonate production process tons, with import dependence of 74.16%, remains a highly import-dependent type of product.
In the course of the process of adaptation, the introduction of organic silicone-based silicon-based formations to enhance the production of corrosive, yellow-resistant and other performances. In the future, the country will also need to further upgrade the differential pc in the process of productivity growth.
In the second half of 2020, the price of polycarbonate (pc) started to rise significantly, but the price gap was narrowed by the price of upstream biphenola. In the long run, carcinogens have a whole industry chain of phenol, compared to businesses that profit from only one link.
3. End-demand-led increases in the price differentials of HFO derivatives in the country are now mainly used in the production of polyan fibres, abs resins/plastics, ass resins, polypropylamide, etc. downstream products are widely used in various areas of the national economy, such as domestic electricity, clothing, automobiles, etc.
With a capacity of about 2.3 million tonnes/year and a national capacity of more than 20% in Srbang, the country ' s largest producer of acrylic, the price of acrylic is now almost back to its high point in 2019, with the difference between acrylic acrylic and acrylic acrylic amounted to $7,375 tonnes/t as of 26 August 2021, slightly less than 9035 tonnes/t in 2019, and the situation is well under repair.
The most important downstream consumption area of mma is the production of pmma. pmma, also known as the “organic glass”, is the first downstream product of mma. As an important plastic, pmma is making its applications more widespread with its good permeability, shock tolerance, good electroelectricity, appropriate rigidity and density, and is constantly expanding into high-end industrial chains, such as liquids.
Crystal monitors conductors, optical fibres, solar photovoltaic cells, etc.. We are all net importers of high-end types of products, with high external dependence, limited self-sufficiency of products, especially high-end organic glass, a supply gap, and a broader growth outlook for pmma, leading to an increase in demand for upstream milla raw materials.
The price differentials fell negative in 2020, as a result of both the increase in the price of acetone and the epidemic. The price of acetone was stable in 2021 and the demand end of acetone pushed the price up, with the milla spread reaching $451 per ton by 30 August 2021, well above the level of early 2020.
The industry climate will continue to maintain a better trend. Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings, and an assumed start rate of 100%.
Full production, with no year-round performance in 2020, will contribute to year-round performance in 2021. Phase II will contribute to year-round performance in November 2020. Phase II will contribute to year-round performance in 2021.
The production of 500,000 tonnes/year of SPC fibres and the Insein Technology 170,000 tonnes/year polyester film project contributed partially to the performance in 2022 and to the year 2023.4 The introduction of ZPC into the post-partum phase in 2020 resulted in a significant increase in turnover taxes and surcharges,
After delivery in 2021, it is assumed that the turnover tax and the surcharges will continue to increase.5 The sales costs, management costs and R & D reference assumptions are assumed to be 2021-2023 rates.5 Based on the data currently disclosed by the company on raw materials, product structure and processing costs, we simulated the Z & D
The results of the annual, quarterly and monthly net profits of Phase II in the 2014-2020 market environment indicate that:1 the annual net profits of Phase I and Phase II projects are around 15 billion yuan in the context of the sharp fall in oil prices in 2014 and the new crown epidemic in 2020.
2. In the context of the slow rise in oil prices in the period 2015-2018, the annual net profits of the ZP I and II projects were 4, q1-q4 quarter net profits of 59, 57, 56 and 5.6 billion yuan in the last seven years 2014-2020, the average quarterly net profits of $5.7 billion, and the ZP II q1-q4 quarter net profits of 58, 56, 55 and 55, respectively
5.5 billion yuan, with an average quarterly net profit of $5.7 billion, with no significant seasonal differences.5 In the last seven years 2014-2020, the monthly net profit for ZP phase 1-December was 19, 20, 19 and 19 respectively.
The living adjustment device design and product structure, and the 40 million tonnes/year refining project is currently the largest refining base in the country, and we believe that companies have the technical conditions for further excavation of downstream chemicals, further increase the proportion of chemical products, increase project competitiveness and profitability, and open up vast scope for development in the field of new chemical materials.
Pe is less than the average market gain of comparable companies. (**Note: elimination of petrochemicals from Shanghai, Eastern Rainbows;*** Note: elimination of Eastern Rainbows) The project contributes to full year performance, phase two is nearing completion, and downstream pta and polyester production capacity is still available.)
(a) Horizontal expansion, accompanied by a sharp recovery in the procyclical chemical landscape, and considerable room for growth in the company ' s performance. For the first time, the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices is covered;
The risk of excess refining capacity; The risk of less than expected completion of phase II projects; The risk of less than expected progress in the construction of the company ' s ongoing projects;
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries, as well as investment assessment of the petrochemicals project of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.