Aluminium electrolysis continues to grow in profitability and production continues to grow.
Increased sales of movable property in new projects, recovery of aluminium prices, increased profitability of electrolytic aluminium
The market value of a share in circulation (millions of dollars) The profit margin (the difference between the price of aluminium electrolysis and aluminium oxide and the precalcinal anodes, etc.) shows a month-on-month relative depth of 300 indexes.
Q1-3 Māori ratio of 14.8 per cent and 2.2 pct increase over the first half of the year; cost end, q3 asset major repairs and fixed assets, construction in progress, etc., with higher impairments, but also favourable to follow-up
The growth in size over the next three years and 20% over the next three years in the context of industry-wide capacity capping is particularly valuable: the company's electrolytic aluminium layout is in the hydropower-rich Yunnan region, with a domestic share of more than 5% and aluminium.
Soil mines (3.05 million tons) - aluminium oxides (1.4 million tons) - carbon products (8.0 million tons) - hydroelectric aluminium (2.39 million tons) - aluminium processing (1.1 million tons) are integrated to build cost advantages. With aluminium spilles, 350,000 tons of aluminium in phase II, 250,000 tons in crane Qing period and 500,000 tons of aluminium in Mansan period,
The company can produce 3.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium by the end of 20 years, and the most innovative project to raise funds for the production of 500,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium per year in the Mansan aluminum industry, with a total investment of 4.43 billion yuan for 18 months, 20 per cent of the construction cycle, is particularly valuable in the context of supply-side reform of the electrolytic aluminum cap.
The level of profit from electrolytic aluminium is expected to remain high: the current high level of profit from electrolytic aluminium is maintained, considering that it can be maintained.
Aluminium at the end of the cost industry continues to experience a decline in its use, with a marked excess capacity, while electrolytic aluminium is stabilized after side-to-side reform, downstream aluminium consumption benefits from a real estate completion cycle, home heating and better car sales, and the current level of profitability of electrolytic aluminium is expected to be maintained.
In view of the high profitability of electrolytic aluminium and the growth in the productive capacity of companies, Xia Jin-Wung has maintained an “upscaling” rating. Risk factors are the decline in the profitability of electrolytic aluminium, and the demand for aluminium consumption has fallen short of expectations.