Energy release plus Māori increase, company q3 performance, Aluminium shares (000807.sz) is the best level in history for a single season.
Aluminium shares published three-year reports in 2020, and companies achieved 19.893 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 10.89 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to parent companies were 63.64 per cent. Companies achieved $7.825 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2020q3, an increase of the same amount.
(i) Volume-up efficiency gains, company-q3 record-highest single-quarter performance and a strong recovery in the domestic economy following effective control of the epidemic has caused aluminium prices to rebound rapidly and to remain high in the third quarter.
Power has further expanded the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry, in addition to a series of mitigation efficiency measures, such as the reduction of unit labour costs through the implementation of full-scale benchmarking and challenge limits, which has brought the company ' s Māori rate of 2020q3 to 18.20 per cent in the first quarter of 2020q3, corresponding to the same and the ring ratio.
Increases of 7.05, 7.10 percentage points. In terms of production, with the gradual release of new production capacity from the Mansan aluminium industry phase I, Zhaotung phase II and crane Qing phase II, the company ' s quarterly electrolytic aluminium production increased during the reporting period.
Quarterly net profit returns amounted to 327 million yuan, with 149.62 per cent growth in ring ratios, and (ii) accelerated production of new projects by companies, with electrolytic aluminium production entering large-scale releases The company, as one of the leading companies in the country in the electrolytic aluminium industry, revealed in the semi-annual 2020 report
A total of 3.05 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.39 million tons of hydropower aluminium, 1.1 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing, and 800,000 tons of carbon products have been created.
And the company’s continued low-cost expansion of capacity will significantly increase the company’s ability to produce new electrolytic aluminium in the context of an era when the epidemic is being controlled effectively, and the country’s strong rebound in electrolytic aluminium prices has returned to pre-epidemiological levels, while inside the aluminium chain.
As one of the leading companies in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the company constructs a cost-effective integration model for hydroelectric aluminium. With the company’s new production of electrolytic aluminium, the potential for growth in the company’s performance will be demonstrated gradually as the new production of new production capacity enters the release period.
(b) I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.