The company began actively abroad after the company had listed its shares in 2012a.
\triangleright Mergers and acquisitions for resource layout. Company completes the nonthparkes copper gold mine, Brazilian phosphorus operation, Democratic Republic of the Congo tenke copper cobalt mine $1350524030001
The acquisition of mountains, Congolese kfm copper and cobalt mines, etc., has changed from domestic dragons to the world's mining giants.
Tons. In addition, Exxonixm, the world ' s top three metal traders, with operations in more than 80 countries worldwide, focuses on copper, zinc, lead and 135052440002 precious metal concentrates and the refined copper, zinc, aluminium and nickel trade, and achieves a global fabric for mine-ixm-end-processing or smelters or consumer users
Copper: The reduction of the mine is gradually moving downstream, and copper prices are expected to continue to rise. We believe that the decline in the mine is due to: the near end of the supply of the mine, which has hardly been added since mid-2024; increased disturbance of the mine, which may be in strike concentration in 2024; loss of output in the fall of the cost, shortage of the mine or transfer to the metal end in q4 quarters, which is expected to continue to rise.
Cobalt: The period 2023-2024 is still a period of concentrated releases of cobalt supply, based on the balance between the supply and demand of cobalt, and the demand for phosphate has continued to increase for the three-generation period, with a decrease in the demand for cobalt. The surplus pattern has continued in 2024, with cobalt prices falling near the industry cost line, and the industry is making a profit forecast and valuation: with the production of copper in the kfm and tfm projects, we forecast the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026, respectively.
For the first time, the company's profits are expected to rise significantly, with a certain value premium. For the first time, the company's profits are expected to rise significantly, with a certain share of the company's tfm and kfm projects, with the company's 2024-2026 copper sales, respectively.
The company started its business by acquiring world-class assets through overseas M&As, achieving three major business layouts for African copper, cobalt, Brazilian phosphorus and Chinese phosphorus, while acquiring the top three metal traders in ixm globally, resulting in a global layout for mine-ixm-processing plants or smelters or consumer users.
In the case of copper blocks, with the company ' s increased production and release of the tfm and kfm projects under the African flag and the move of the copper price hub, the company ' s copper business is expected to achieve a full increase in the volume price, which will provide the company with greater profitability elasticities.
The Luoyang industry is a global resource, operating primarily from copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, phosphorus, etc.
After the shares were marketed in 2012a, active overseas M&As began to be deployed. The company completed the purchase of the nonthparkes copper gold mine, the Brazilian phosphorus operation, the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s tenke copper cobalt mine, the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s kfm copper cobalt mine, etc., with a shift from domestic dragonheads to the world ' s mining giants.
In Asia, Africa, South America, and Europe, the world’s leading producers of copper, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, and tungsten, the world’s largest producers of cobalt, and Brazil’s leading producers of phosphorus, while the company’s primary metal trade is among the world’s leading players. With world-class quality assets, the global top3 trading company is acquired to achieve a global profile.
Assets, respectively: Congolese copper cobalt assets - tfm and kfm copper cobalt ore, with a copper reserve of 9.208 million tons of gold and a cobalt of 144.10 million tons of gold; Brazilian phosphorus assets - phosphorus reserves of 544,000 tons and phosphorous reserves of 23,283,000 tons; Chinese assets - magnesium 32.80 million tons of gold and tungsten 284,000 tons of tungsten. In addition, the first three metal traders in Eksenixm worldwide were acquired, with global coverage.
More than 80 countries, focusing on the trade in copper, zinc, lead, and precious metals, and refined copper, zinc, aluminium, and nickel, have achieved the global layout of the mines-ixm-end-processing or smelters or consumer users. A new model of “mine + trade” has been developed to create China’s “George.”
In a more radical way, it has evolved into a global commodity-wide giant. After many years of M&A, it can form a three-way arrangement for metals, energy, and agriculture, with metals mainly in copper, cobalt, zinc, lead, nickel, gold, silver.
It is dominated by iron and steel; it is mainly based on coal and crude oil; it was sold in 2016 in the agricultural sector, where trade operations are maintained. It has about 150 mining and smelters, oil production assets and agricultural facilities, covering 50 countries and regions, mainly in natural resource output and consumption markets in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
(b) When the industry turns around, the global balance of supply and demand is revalued, from excess or tight balance, through a reduction in self-generated operations.
Figure 6: Meritable models, after many years of M&As, have evolved into a new model of “mine-trading” with the appearance of “George” at first sight.
Cobalt reserves & yields are 21% and 56%, respectively; cobalt reserves & yields are 56% and 173%, respectively; and metal trade revenues are 35%, respectively. Stocks, yields, and trades are beginning to take the form of “gorgeousness.” Ixm is taking full advantage of established global leading industry research and information advantages, and is deeply involved in corporate resource consolidation at many levels.
Combination and profit realization, combined with synergies with mining plates and companies ' investment, financing and research capabilities, have created new profit growth points that enhance the competitiveness and influence of firms ' global industries and combine to create new competitive commercial advantages.
Increasing, but gradually decreasing, interest cuts, according to the latest dot chart in June 24, show that 15 of the 19 officials recognized a price of $9064/tonne, with a peak increase of 33.4 per cent at the beginning of the year and a fall in copper prices in June-July, mainly as a result of market concerns about interest cuts causing a recession, but with the release of economic data on non-farming, unemployment and cpi in the United States, the resilience of the United States economy continues.
Figure 10: The price of copper has been on the rise in recent years, the price of copper is shrinking gradually downstream, and copper prices are expected to continue to rise. We believe that the reason for the contraction is the trend in the supply of the minerals.
In the near end, after mid-2024, there were almost no new occurrences; the mine disturbance increased, with a strike concentrated outbreak in 2024. Without taking into account the mine disturbance, the mine produced 2.41 million tons of copper in 2024-2026 and 24.8 million tons in 2026, respectively, during the strike concentration period, which increased or was lower than expected.
Shortage or transfer to metal end in q4 seasons, copper prices are expected to continue to rise. Supply is weak, and the cobalt industry is in the process of clearing. From the balance of cobalt supply and demand, the period 2023-2024 is still the period of mid-release of the cobalt supply, and the demand for lithium phosphate has continued to increase for triple replacements and the demand for cobalt has decreased.
Figure 12: Balance of supply and demand for cobalt (in thousands of tons) Figure 13: Recent trends in electrolytic cobalt prices
3. Profit forecasting and valuation as a global mining giant, with the continued release of copper and cobalt production from the tfm and kfm projects, corporate profitability is expected to average 12/10/8x per year, respectively. As a global mining giant, with the tfm and kfm projects producing copper and cobalt.
The company’s profits are expected to rise significantly and enjoy a certain valuation premium as a result of continued release and the rise in copper prices. 1) Downstream demand volatility risks. Metals such as copper produced by the company are distributed downstream mainly in such sectors as electricity, domestic electricity, and new energy, and changes in demand in downstream industries will affect demand for metals, thereby affecting the company’s metal sales.
2) The construction of the project does not meet the expected risks. The construction of the company ' s kfm and tfm copper cobalt mining projects in Africa, if not as expected, will affect the company ' s copper and cobalt production and will thus have a greater impact on the company ' s profitability. 3) The risk of fluctuations in metal prices.
It is the significant decline in copper prices that will have a greater impact on corporate profitability. 4) The political risks in the countries where the projects are located. The company’s copper cobalt ore and its phosphorus mines are in Africa, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in South America, in Brazil, in South America, where foreign countries have political risks that could have an impact on the company’s mineral exports.
Figure 16: Financial Summary. My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not related to, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.