Best performance history, Twin Stars. \triangleright
In the same quarter, the company achieved 56.7 billion yuan, 34 per cent, the ring 23 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of 33.5 billion yuan, compared to \triangleright.
The increase was mainly due to the increase in the volume of copper and cobalt products, which resulted in an increase of $15,172 million for the same company, with copper and cobalt plates contributing $9,244/16,066 million respectively, which together contributed 71.5 per cent of the growth in Maori; and slabs, which increased by $3.581 billion, representing 23.6 per cent of the increase in Māori, respectively, with a net profit of the same trade plate.
Qiu Joo, who has been producing fast-paced production for six months, has a record of production for a single month. The company's 2024h1 copper and cobalt plate, Zhang Qing Qing.
Production of copper/cobalt metals was 31.38.5.4 million tons, an increase of 100.74 per cent and 178.22 per cent, respectively, and completion of full-scale research assistant Yuan \triangleright
(+70.95 billion) and other/investment gains (+227 million). The increase in Maori was mainly due to changes in fair value (-$3,321 million, due to a decline in the fair value of derivatives from basic metal trading operations, taking into account the current combination pattern of ixm, a fair value loss against spot profit), etc.
Taxes (US$ 2,405 million, due to higher taxes on the Congolese gold plate), fees and taxes (US$ 132 million). \triangleright 2. Luoyang industry (603993.sh) reported depth in 2023
tfm Pumpi and kfm 2 deep-sulfide mining in the western part of the country, where early work has begun, which has been hampered by performance delays, and the future of tfm 3 deep-sulfide mining will probably have more information after the completion of a phase.
5. In-depth report from the Luoyang industry (603993.sh) on the risk of the Democratic Republic of the Congo equity fund, et cetera.
Of this amount, 5420 million yuan (4.74 billion yuan in mines and 670 million yuan in trade), representing an increase of 67.4 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter, the company achieved an increase of 56.7 billion yuan, 34 per cent in the same year, 23 per cent in the ring, 3.35 billion yuan in the mother ' s net profit, 767 per cent in the same year, and 61 per cent in the ring.
Two points of comment: two world-class copper mines sailed at a very high price, with a strong growth of several hundred million yuan, or 670.43 per cent, in their performance. The same-year increase was mainly due to a 15,172 million increase in Māori.
The main benefits were a significant increase in the sales of copper and cobalt ore and related commodity prices; an increase in the return on investment of $80 million over the same period, and an increase in the return on investment of major affiliates. The discounts were mainly a decrease in fair value movements of $4.310 billion, and a decline in the fair value of derivatives from the basic metals trading operation in the current period; and a reduction in fees and taxes of $1.490 billion.
(b) Increased income tax costs, mainly due to higher income tax costs for copper and cobalt operations during the current period. Prices: metal prices increased and fell, copper prices operated more strongly in the first half of the year, the prices of tungsten rose significantly, and cobalm prices fell sharply.
More, the price of phosphorus is generally stable, and the Māori rate for corporate mining operations has increased significantly from 20 pct to copper cobalt plates from 23h1 to 23h1: copper prices have operated disproportionately and the Māori rate has risen to 52.4 per cent; cobalt prices have continued to decline and the Māori rate (kfm+tfm) has increased significantly by 5.9 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of higher copper prices and the sale of copper cobalt minerals.
Other plates: tungsten prices have risen significantly, molybdenum prices have dropped considerably, and the price of phosphorus has stabilized. In the domestic plate, molybdenum, molten iron, molten oxide, black tungsten concentrate, apt average price changes by 15 per cent, 17.39 per cent, -22.26 per cent, 12.56 per cent, 10.69 per cent, supply and demand conflicts are striking, and the price of mussels, though falling, is still in place.
At historical highs, tungsten is affected by mine reduction, environmental degradation, strategic resource attributes, relatively tight supply side, with prices above historical highs and sharp increases; in the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the average price of americium/phosphate per ammonium is +2.96%/-1.24%, respectively. Special steel demand supports the smooth running of strontium prices, and the company is mainly oriented towards the Brazilian market.
The sale of phosphorus fertilization, demand at the end of which has been affected by the same-year decline in soybean harvests in Brazil, falling cereal prices, etc. phosphorus imported to the port has not increased significantly, supply has not increased, supply has not been relaxed, supply and demand has been frozen, phosphorous prices have remained weak, and the net profit of the Brazilian subsidiary has been 176 million yuan, a 45.41 per cent decrease in the same year.
Trade plate: net profit of $663 million, an increase of 116.67 per cent over the previous year.
Volume: Production and trade levels per product exceed half the median of the annual production guidelines, while cobalt production is highest at 83 per cent; copper is followed by 58 per cent. Copper and cobalt plates: tfm and kfm maintained fast-paced production and even exceeded production in the first half of the year, frequently creating a single-month production calendar
History shows that the company 2024H1 copper/cobalt metal production is 31.38.540 million tons, with 5 production lines with tfm, currently producing 450,000 tons of copper per year, cementing the top five copper mines worldwide, and possessing 37,000 tons of cobalt as an associated mine.
As a result, kfm currently has the capacity to produce 150,000 tons of copper and 50,000 tons of cobalt per year or more. tfm and kfm have achieved remarkable efficiency gains. The recovery rate of copper and cobalt has increased significantly through process adjustments, technological innovations, etc.
54.07% 57.14%. The three hard-to-do ores recovery rates and the upper tungsten recovery rates were both breakthroughs, while the upper tungsten mine expanded to an additional 3,000 m2 of mine area, thus exceeding the budget targets in the first half of the year, despite a steady decline in grade.
Quantium phosphorus plate: production of phosphorus was higher than the midpoint, with a slight increase in the same year, and production of phosphorus was historically high. 5082 tons/58.33 million tons per year, compared to +8.23 per cent/+6.47 per cent per year, resulting in 53.68 per cent/50.72 per cent of the annual plan (median guideline), and Lumble Brazil reduced efficiency and management changes
Corporate copper and cobalt sales increased significantly in the first half of the year; at the end of the inventory, there was a significant increase in the stocks of cobalt and phosphorus, and the plate showed a significant increase in copper and cobalt, a steady increase in titanium and a stable rise in phosphorus, a more stable whole and an increase in molybdenum and tungsten.
The price of company tungsten products rose by 17 per cent, and the whole plate was more stable in terms of Maori. It was remarkable. The continued high operation of copper prices, accompanied by an increase in sales, led to significant revenue and profit growth for the company. Cobalt prices, while persistently depressed, offset the fall in prices by a large increase in production.
phosphorus plate: overall steady rises. The sales of phosphorus plate at 2024h1 have remained stable overall, the price of phosphorus has fallen slightly, but Māori has risen, and the plate as a whole has stabilized.
A significant increase, mainly in financial costs. Of this amount, sales costs were $55 million, a decrease of $0.03 billion in the same year, and 2.2, a major rise in copper prices in the second quarter and a decline in the fair value of the new high-performance derivatives in q2 compared to the same year, taking into account the current combination pattern of ixm, a fair value loss and present value.
Profit hedges, income tax (US$ 2405 million, owing to higher taxes on the Congolese gold plate), fees and taxes (US$ 132 million), prices: two quarters of copper and bronze prices showed good performance and cobalt prices were weak.
Cobalt cobalt plates: 2024q2 with a price of $9753 per ton for cathode copper/metal cobalt and $12.9 per ton/cobalt, respectively, with a sharper decline over the same period, mainly due to weak downstream demand, which is driven by factors such as supply constraints and macro-beautiority, and even up to $11,000 on the way to April/April.
The price of phosphorus is higher than the price of the same price. The price of black tungsten concentrate in domestic plates has increased by 20.70 per cent over the same period, the price of rings by 16.61 per cent, at a time past high due to supply constraints; the price of americium/phosphate ammonium in Brazilian plates has changed by 2.35/15.43 per cent over the same period, and the ring ratio has changed by 2.35.15.43 per cent over the same period.
Volume: Cobalt Cobalt q2 production increased by the same year, with a downward trend in trade. \checkmark trading plate: sales of 2024q2 concentrates and refined metals amounted to 94.09/40.71 million tons, respectively.
Cost: Copper costs have risen, tungsten costs have risen the most, and cobalt costs have decreased more. Plates: costs have increased. q2 molybdenum and tungsten costs have been estimated at 28.47 million yuan per ton, 9.24 million yuan per ton, with 24q1 having increased by 6.49 per cent and 20.30 per cent respectively; and 23q2 have increased respectively.
7.49 per cent, 67.86 per cent. The increase in the cost of tiles is mainly due to a steady decline in the grade of ores. Copper and cobalt plates: the cost of copper has risen and the cost of cobalt has decreased. q2 copper and cobalt costs have been measured at $3.16 million per ton, $4.53 million per ton, with ring ratios changing by +9.43 per cent and 15.49 per cent respectively, depending on the ratio.
Chemicalization - 2.69 per cent and +88.93 per cent. Cobalt costs have increased significantly on a year-on-year basis or are mainly due to the progressive release of additional production capacity in kfm, the increase in the proportion of cobalt in kfm, which may have contributed to the cost of some of the forward mining processes, thus increasing the cost of the overall cobalt product.
phosphorus plate: The cost of americium has increased considerably and the cost of phosphorus has decreased significantly. q2 phosphorus has been measured at 174.1 million yuan per ton, 2680 yuan per ton, and the cost of ring q1 has changed +11.24 per cent, 13.59 per cent, respectively; 3 project tracking: Focus on copper and cobalt, with the potential of the Congolese gold “double stars”
With the combination of tfm, kfm, one phase focuses on deep-sulfide mining in the western part of tfm and kfm II, early work is already under way, with phase two or three deep-sulfurization in the tfm, until one phase is completed or will be completed.
Km2 covering exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing of copper, cobalt ore, with a full range of processes and processes from extraction to processing, the main products being cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide.
The tfm production line was fully completed, resulting in an annual production capacity of 450,000 tons of copper and 3.7 million tons of cobalt, making it the fifth largest copper mine in the world and the second largest cobalt mine. The recovery rate of copper and cobalt increased significantly through process adjustments, technological innovations, etc. tfm became Africa’s first copper-marked mine.
The main products are cathode copper, 11.37 million tons of copper and 33.9 million tons of cobalt. Kfm is expected to remain fully productive in 2024.
New projects have made a breakthrough by investing in electricity and water to supplement energy short-lines. 2024h1, given the weak infrastructure of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the company signed a partnership agreement with the Nziloii hydroelectric power station to accelerate the development of electricity projects to provide long-term, stable supply security for the new generation of capacity.
The area was developed in an orderly manner, with positive developments in the exploitation of kfm II. Good progress was made in the exploration process. 2024h1, tfm copper cobalt mine, which carried out mineral search and deep-Earth exploration work on the outskirts of the area, with notable results.
In addition, a geological survey and a geological survey of approximately 2 square kilometres of the northern Kyaundji area were completed to provide a theoretical basis for the subsequent geological search.
Deep vulcanized mineral exploration and exterior geological search, designed for 18,512 m, 50 boreholes; 19 boreholes totalling 6,017 m have been completed, deep vulcanized mine exploration has worked well, and outlying mining 1) projects have not progressed as expected. The company has more ongoing construction projects, including the tfm mixed mine project, kfm
Projects, etc., require considerable human and material resources for their construction, and if some unforeseen and unexpected impacts result in the project not progressing as expected, the yield release pace will slow down, with an impact on profitability. 2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, copper, copper, copper, copper, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus have a significant impact on corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or large releases lead to falling metal prices. 3) Geopolitical risks, etc. Corporate investment projects are spread out in China, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, etc.
Many countries, such as Indonesia. If local governments target companies, or adopt policies to raise taxes on mining companies, enact laws against mining companies abroad, etc., they can harm the company’s interests, the company’s profitability, the Democratic Republic of the Congo equity risk, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for the content and views of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.