“Input period” changed to “harvest period”, operating China mobile (600941) Business leaders are expected to double in performance and valuation
China’s year-round movement generated 84,258 million yuan, an increase of 10.4% compared to the previous year, of which the main battalion generated 7,514,309 million yuan, including Chiu Liangbi.
This represents an increase of 8.0 per cent over the same year, an increase of 4.8 percentage points over 2020, and a net return to mothers of $11,59.37 million, a 7.5 per cent increase over the same period. Chbn has achieved a full increase in the size of clients and income, with Hbn accounting for 35.7 per cent of income from communications services, 4.3 per cent higher than in the same year.
The personal market (\matbb{c}), the intensive implementation of the “5\matbb{g}+” project, arpu and Bita, thanked Zhao for his growth. The household market (h) continued to grow at a very high price.
(b) Increased investment in mobile cloud operations and their prospects for future development. Emerging market (n), innovative business start-up results. Digital transformations are breaking, and 5g move to harvest-time enablers has outperformed future performance expectations.
In 2021, the company ' s digitized transition income reached 1,594 billion yuan, an increase of 26.3% over the same period, and its contribution to the growth of revenue from communications services reached 59.5%, which is the first driving force behind the growth of corporate income. Against a background of stable overall capital spending, investment in 5g, capacity-building, and industry digitization was not forthcoming.
After three years of focused investment in the 5g foundation network, the company has been at the forefront of the business as a operator, entering the 5g “harvesting period”, and the company is expected to take advantage of the wave of changes in communications technology in the 5g, and the high-performance growth is expected to lead to a “recommended” valuation.
Good, profit-making and cash flow are improving, and shareholders are being given high dividends. We are looking forward to a recovery in the company’s future high-growth trend, with the company leading about 50% of the market, with future performance and valuation expected to double.
Competition has increased, and the market for new products has not expanded as expected.
Galactic Communications: China's performance is up to expectations, turning upgrades are trying to break through The Galactic Communications Industry Weekly: Operators increased their operational data in February
China’s movement is the world’s leading communications and information service.
Businesses, committed to providing a full range of communication and information services to individuals, families, governments, and emerging markets, are the leading science and technology and innovation agents of the growing information and communication industry in our country. The company industry is leading, covering a wide range of networks that guarantee high-speed, safe, and stable network experiences.
The performance growth drive is strong, and the marginally supportive valuation is repaired. According to the 2021 annual report, China moved to collect 84,258 million yuan a year, an increase of 10.4 per cent a year, of which the main battalion generated 7,514,409 million yuan, an increase of 8.0 per cent a year, with faster growth than the marginal improvement in performance expected to lead to the ongoing restoration of the valuation, leading to a two-fold increase in performance and valuation.
Chbn’s overall growth in operations and further optimization of the income structure. hbn’s income represents 35.7% of the income from communications services, an increase of 4.3% from the same year, and further optimization of the income structure. Digitalized transition income amounted to RMB 1,594.4 billion, an increase of 26.3% from the same year, and contributed 59.5% to the increase in revenue from communications services, which is the first driving force behind the growth of corporate income.
In-depth implementation of the “5g+” programme, arpu increased by the same year. The personal market generated 48.34 billion yuan, a 1.4 per cent increase in the same year, a decrease to 63.3 per cent, a net increase of 1,497 million individual users, a net increase of 220 million in the number of 5g package users, reaching 387 million households, and a penetration rate of 5g to 40.4 per cent, an increase of 7.5 per cent to $82.8 yuan.
Household market revenues of $10.5 billion, or 20.8 per cent, increased to 13.4 per cent, with a net increase in broadband users of 25.8 million; smart household value-added business revenues of $20.7 billion, or 33 per cent, and multi-business developments such as Morbu, smart group network, family security, smart remote control, etc., which led to a combination of household broadband operations of $39.8 per cent, or 5.6 per cent.
In the case of (b), mobile cloud operations are increasingly investing in the future. In the case of enterprises, revenue is $13.1 billion, or 21.4 per cent, up to 18.3 per cent, of which, in the case of projects, the income is $62.3 billion, or 43.2 per cent, up from 43.2 per cent. In the case of emerging markets (n), innovation is beginning to bear fruit. In the case of emerging markets, revenue is $30.3 billion, or 34.2 per cent, up from 34.2 per cent.
The ratio rose to 4.0%, with 16.760 billion yuan in digital content revenue, an increase of 47% over the same period. Operating costs are well regulated, capital spending is focused on the creation of a network of fine products. Depreciation amortization has increased, and investment in research and development has continued to increase. Corporate operating expenditure in 2021 was 73.3 billion yuan, an increase of 11.4%, and company network operating and supporting costs were 22.5 billion dollars.
The faster depreciation amortization growth of 12% over the same period is due to a decrease in the residual value of assets of part 2g to zero, which is expected to decline gradually in the future. Corporate employee salaries and costs are $11.8 billion, or 11.5%. Capital spending is stable, 5g and a network of arithmeticals is estimated to be $185.2 billion in 2022.
The cash flow situation has improved continuously, and the value of the stable dividends has been highlighted. China’s mobile stock prices are currently undervalued, and in mid-2021 the company, one of China’s three communications operators, was committed to providing a full range of positions for individuals, families, political firms, and emerging markets.
Communication and information services, assuming the following key business scenarios: Integration of development and optimization of income structures, robust year-round growth and expectations, so we predict a digital transformation of companies in 2022e-2024e industries into “value-added” specialized network services, which will benefit the 5g era of interconnectivity and enterprise trends, and will be oriented towards the growth of business.
The impact of the global epidemic and the uncertainty of foreign policies; 5g commercial advances are less than expected; market competition has increased, new product markets have become more competitive, China has been studying the mobile telecommunications industry for eight years, and the securities industry has been successful for five years, and the country has gained a communications industry in 2018/2019 (institutional investor ii-fiscal) during its tenure in Taejun.
I submit this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.