China's mobile holdings are starting to raise the security capabilities of the network, 19 June 2022, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa.
▪ Incident: An announcement issued on June 18 by Qingxing Star announced that China had acquired 23.08 per cent of the share voting rights of listed companies, Wang Jia and Tingqiang together held 13.08 per cent of the share voting rights of listed companies, and that the effective control of listed companies had been changed from Wang Jia to Tianqian couple to China
▪ China’s movement has been expanding its operational boundaries through investment: China has moved this investment to take control of the star of the boom, further expanding the company’s borders in the area of information security, and improving the layout of its own safe products. We believe that China’s movement is expanding its operational boundaries by investing in a way that is similar to that of moving.
At the beginning of the Internet, Ali and Tweeting are increasing their business biosphere around investment, and the role of capital will be further enhanced.  Cash flows are sufficient, future investments are large: according to China’s 2021 annual report, companies are moving.
Gold plays the role of capital “value contribution, ecological construction, productive synergies”, strengthening the two-line “direct investment plus gold” model, strengthening the strategic layout of key areas, building a multi-intellectual industry eco-cooper through the “industry plus capital” interface, with equity returns as a proportion of net profits
10.1 per cent The company will continue to deepen its direct investment profile, focusing on products, networks, mid-stages, etc., to further expand its information services, “relative circles”, and to promote the Fund's investment.
Business, market, and scale operations. Borders, accelerating digital intelligence transformation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: China moves as the leader of the digital economy, with no investment map.
"China Moves (600941): One quarter of 2022: Chbn is responsible for high income growth.
China's move (600941): 2021 Reportpoint: Performance continues to increase, with a significant increase in performance.
Three major financial projections for China's move.