In recent days, China's mobile and national information centres have signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation.
Actively implementing the National Strategy for Digital Economic Development, taking advantage of its respective strengths, deepening cooperation in the fields of bsn, smart cities, digital government, 5g applications, exploring opportunities for cooperation in strategic and emerging industries, and contributing positively to accelerating digital development in our country.
▪ The joint construction of the block chain service network (bsn) has become an important platform for public basic services in the area of block chains, and the parties will establish more practical and long-lasting cooperation mechanisms: (i) deeper integration into the development of studies in the fields of the ai, block chains, cloud services, etc., and use of figures to magnify economic development
Double the multiplier effect; (ii) vigorously building new information infrastructure with a focus on 5g, arithmetic networks, and a smart medium, and building a new information service system for “connectivity plus numeracy plus capacity”, to accelerate the deployment of intelligent cities to serve the country's digital economy as a high-quality development.
▪ China ' s mobile and accelerated digital intelligence business transformation and expanding operational boundaries: (1) in the digital economy era, China ' s mobile drive continued to push for digital transformation in the Chbn area, dedicated efforts to create high-quality Internet products such as videos, games, vr/ar, payments, and constantly upgrading its “scenario + content + operation” capabilities
(c) China has moved to create a special production and investment fund to cover basic domestic and external telecommunications services, new media, new media, and new technologies.
tmt-related areas, such as technology, have built up a core biosphere and gained a deeper understanding of industry development.
Quarterly review: Chbn Drives High Income Increases  China Moves and Increases Cloud Resource Inputs to Speed Up the First Step of Industry: Long Move Clouds in 2021, Business Indicators Keeping Good
Revenues reached $24.2 billion, an increase of 114 per cent. This is a three-digit growth rate for three years after China's move started, and China's three-year composite growth sector is number one: 2021.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: China moves as a leader in the digital economy, with 5g penetration and rating: performance continues to increase significantly, and the rate of distribution shows a low valuation of high dividends investment
Billion yuan, corresponding to the values of 11x, 10x and 9x, we keep watching China move, keep the "buy-in" rating, the digital economy tap, and start a decade of innovation.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been assigned to the Securities Investment Advisory Board.