In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved business income of $22.7 billion (+14.6 per cent), of which $193.8 billion (+9.1 per cent) was earned from the main business and $25.6 billion net profit from the mother.
Profit growth was lower than income growth, mainly due to faster growth in operating costs. At the income end: (1) the personal market continues to optimize its structure and the number of 5g users continues to grow. The number of mobile households reached 967 million in the first quarter, the penetration rate of 5g users reached 48.3 per cent, and the ring ratio increased by 7.9 per cent.
5g user growth boosts mobile operations by $47.5 and the ring by $2.5. (2) There is a strong growth in the number of wireless broadband users and a pressure on the growth in the value of the Arpu. As a result of the company's continued push for the All gigabyte + Cloud Life service system, the number of wired broadband users reached 249 million during the quarter, and the number of wired broadband users arpu.
The ring has fallen by $2.1 to $32.4. (3) The government and business markets have remained dynamic. The company’s output of $23.7 billion a quarter, an increase of 50.9 per cent over the same period, has continued to push for the “net + cloud +disc” scale to enhance market competitiveness and achieve high-frequency high-value industry product regulations through differential advantages such as the movement of clouds.
Cost side: Cost increases faster and R & D inputs are higher. Corporate operating costs are $17,2.7 billion (+17.5%) in a quarter. Cost increases are notably due to the high cost of operating and supporting 5g networks, which is two to three times higher than the cost of 4g base stations. Corporate R & D costs were 2.34 billion yuan during the reporting period.
(+36.2%), with faster growth, mainly in the sustained investment of companies in innovative technology research, while also promoting green technologies that optimize network operations and achieve energy efficiency. Connectivity plus arithmetic + capacity to build new information services systems, with a high volume of innovative business.
In 21 years, mobile cloud revenues have doubled, and idc and ict operations have been growing by more than 30%. By promoting the scale of information services, such as dict, there will be a huge backlog of businesses.
China Movement (600941.sh) - Accelerating Digital Transformation, Roe Growing Up Investment Proposal: Keeping in mind the company's long-term development and its leading position as a operator, and taking into account the increased inputs in the short term, I have steadily increased corporate revenue in the first quarter of 2022. Companies achieved a business income of 22.7 billion yuan in the first quarter of the 22nd year.
14.6 per cent increase; net profit attributable to the mother is 25.6 billion yuan, a 6.5 per cent increase in the same year, with a certain increase in the cost of operating mainly in the non-mother ' s net profit of 24 billion yuan, with a small impact on the net profit level of the company as a whole.
Figure 4: China's mobile single-season net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Investment proposals: taking into account the long-term development of the company and the vanguard position of the operator, in the short term, and taking into account the increased inputs, our little author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author