Three quarters of 2021 reported an evaluation: cost drag, core funding Wang Chinyan, research assistant, growth of 39 per cent; net return profit of $21.6 billion, an increase of 175 per cent over the same period.
Cost pressures drag on, and profitability is high. Because of the rise in primary fuel prices, such as iron ore, coal, the public supply and distribution system works closely together to overcome the difficulties of decreasing production resources and increasing energy savings, to exploit the synergies of multi-manufacturing bases, to dynamically optimize the flow of resources and to continuously improve operational efficiency.
In the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved a total profit of 8.6 billion yuan, and in the first and third quarters, a total profit of 29.13 billion yuan was accumulated, up from an all-time high. Cost-cutting efforts continued to deepen.
The potential for deep cost reduction, such as reduced energy costs, improved technological and economic indicators, reduced cumulative costs by $1.77 billion in the 1-3 quarter of 2021, exceeding the annual targets.
One of the subsidiaries, which is expected to receive a shift in targets, with a larger corporate base and more room for coordination, is expected to have a more manageable impact on the company.
The market’s pessimistic expectation of a decline in demand in the immediate future triggered a collapse in stocks and futures. With the introduction of a housing tax pilot policy, we expect to increase this forecast to a certain extent in the short term.
Period. But given the recent sharp fall in the prices of power coal and related varieties of coal, coke, iron alloy, we expect that the steel end will be substantially reduced, while the supply end will remain controlled by production and extraction, with much higher than expected profitability, and will continue to push.
The pressure on production limits in the warm season, so the future of steel profits in the medium term is not only resilient, but will even lead to some improvement. So, we maintain the four-quarter high-performance judgement of the steel unit, while recognizing that the benefits of carbon neutrality and industry's champions are consistent.
▪ Performance was slightly lower than we expected, and it continued to be recommended that the follow-up costs improve the profitability of the profits. I kept the company’s “buy-in” rating as I did.