The trend in glass protection highlights that future development can take place Highlights in the need for glass sheeting contribute to a rapid growth in industry-specific areas.
The upgrading and technological upgrading of industry products led to faster sales of company products, faster revenues from small- and medium-sized glass protection operations, large-sized glass protection operations and new materials and metal operations, and a significant increase in the volume of new product mobile phones covering glass protection, 3d-curve glass, etc.
At the same time, in order to better absorb market demand, companies have established new production bases through investment in M&As, expanding their primary production capacity, strengthening manufacturing levels, and improving production efficiency. In this context, the annual production of smartphones has increased by nearly 30%, to 550 million units.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, the company ' s debt-transferable projects were successfully launched to form a base of 150 million units/year 2.5d for glass protection and 50 million units/year 2.5d and 20 million units/year 3d for glass protection to effectively match the company ' s future production and sales.
• Investment in and acquisition of industrial chains to improve risk-resistant capabilities. Companies expand downstream services through productive capacity cooperation and joint ventures, as well as deep expansion in the consumption of electronic raw materials, guaranteeing the stability of the supply of raw materials from the company’s ceramic products.
The new design needs for mobile phones are being developed, combined, and the core of research and development and production competed to achieve a higher share of market sales to customers. Moreover, companies are constantly developing the application and layout of their own core technologies in such applications as automobiles, smart homes, and medical equipment.
To expand the future market area. Keep looking at the company’s future product prospects and performance. Figure 2: Corporate annual returns to parent net gains (billions) and increases (%): Corporate annual returns of three fees (millions)
Figure 4: Māori annual reporting by company Figure 6: Māori reporting by company, 2014-2017