The content masters take the wind and the members advertise the lost land, and the Southwest Securities Institute recommends logic: 1) Mango super-movement is used as a video platform for state-owned shareholders in the domestic market, with two parts.
The company has a limited number of license plates, a strong headline in the field of the arts, a sustained explosion in the past, a long show, a short plate, a short play, a hot spot theatre, and a promising policy of untying. 2) The company has a membership of 73.31 million, and given the continuous investment and innovation of Mangotv in the construction of the content ecology, membership prices have slowly increased, and multiple levels have increased.
The membership system is expected to boost the growth of the arppu. 3) The revenue from advertising has hit the bottom, with the 25-year q3 advertising revenue of “broadwire 21” leading to policy laxity, and the innovation of genetics leading to the continued explosion of high-quality dramas. “Broadwidth 21” removes the upper limit of television dramas and optimizes the censorship process, bringing policy dividends to the company.)
Expedition reboots, 26-year-old new art show Courage to the Island, Voice Up Horizon, 40.8% of Mango contributions in 2024 to the top 20 of the Web-wide Masters' list, and continued to explode. 2) Long show: good internal and external play production, with innovative “superpartner” systems with industry leaders.
The author is deeply bound up and works closely with China's mobile Micah Corporation, which is the center of interest in the show. The event is about to be launched in 2026 in the event of such heavy-pound dramas as "The Dragons of Water," "Micro-Soon and the Longsoon" and "Friends of Gathering".
The Mango tv and the Redfruit show have been innovative in launching the fruit theatre, which uses a two-platform split account-sharing mechanism. Arpu in 2024 was only 5.9 yuan/month.
Future growth will rely on quality content to enhance user attraction and retention, and promote arpu recovery through multi-tier price strategies like svip. Mangotv still has room to upgrade its membership pricing system (over $15/month) and its arpu levels, and is expected to increase through structured price swaps and equity upgrades.
• Advertisement: The first to create a hard-broadcasting service that will destabilize the new global marketing model. Mango, in the face of a decline in traditional advertising and the rise of Internet advertising dissidents, built on the central advantages of Tomango's “Content Creative Plus Production + Propaganda” and created a continuum of branding, scene content and closed rings.
In-depth solutions to current industry pains: 1) for brands, the transformation of brands into closed rings and the elimination of the conflict between brand and effect advertising: 2) for mangos, deep-deep exploration of the host/artist/dago value of the flag, depending on the number of 658 million fans in the world.
The value of the mango input is extended. The launch of new media marketing will allow mangos to enjoy the dividends of the Internet advertising generation, increasing the Internet advertising industry from $39,1.9 billion in 2020 to $89,1.9 billion in 2024, with a compound growth rate of 22.8%, depending on a high-quality content platform, which will reduce short video advertising.
Despite the decline in Mango super-media advertising revenue from $5.45 billion in 2021 to $3.44 billion in 2024, advertising is expected to be at a turning point with the start of global marketing. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the gradual easing of policy regulation by the General Directorate of Broad Power, companies are expected to be of national quality.
Combine production companies have increased their production inputs, leading to a recovery in advertising revenue through high quality content, while company members have annual net profits of 1.5 billion yuan, 1.96 billion yuan and 2.41 billion yuan, corresponding to 37 times, 28 times and less than expected risks; programme on-line results are less than expected; and company technology development is less than expected.
The 1a share of the state-owned dual-licensed media platform, which has a long and dynamic 1.120 capacity, and the plentiful transformational and diverse new media group Mango super-media development, are examples of the successful transformation of the Internet by traditional broadband media.
1) Platform ' s original creation and content exclusive: Mango super-magogic predecessors date back to the Golden Eagle Network, which was established in 2004. 2008, Mangotv Web video platform was officially online, with exclusive access to high-quality content (e.g., " Where Daddy goes " , second season), rapidly attracting the first core users and opening up a new independent media platform from the television network end.
In 2015, the company launched the Mangotv Internet TV brand. By 2016, the number of users of Mangotv's full platform leaped over 47 million. 2) Leading in profit and capital consolidation: in 2017, Mangotv took the lead in making a profit and becoming China's first home.
In July of the same year, Happy Purchase was officially renamed Mango Supermax Limited, marking the country’s first share.
The video platform for state-owned holdings was officially launched, and Hunan's "one-wing, two-nuclear-drive" integrated media industry was expanded. Eco-deepening and innovation: Mango super-magnetization entered the eco-deepening period after listing.
In 2020, the company launched a diversified business model, such as membership fees, and in 2021, it launched a new national cargo content power platform, “Small Manapp”, to expand the second-growth curve. At the same time, the company actively deployed innovative technology applications, such as 5g and ai, and promoted content out of the sea.
In early 2015 to mid-2017, its predecessor, Happy Buy, was a traditional television shopping company, which was heavily volatile because of concepts such as reform of state companies, but because of a single business model.
In mid-2017 and early 2018, the company entered a state of collapse, and the company was able to move from the beginning of 2018 to the beginning of the year, when it completed the reorganization of its assets and changed its name to Mango Super-Mechanism, as Hunan had injected core assets like Mangotv, the company had two suspensions, the market was in a wait-and-see position, and stock prices were kept in the bottom zone.
The shift from television shopping to a state-owned shareholder's video platform, driven by scarce profitability and blasting content such as the Wind, has brought new growth expectations from the build-up of mini-mancers, and stock prices have risen significantly over the past three years. However, between the beginning of 2021 and the beginning of 2024, the company was hit by a double killing of Davis, an overvaluation of the previous period, tight Internet regulation, and a contraction of the advertising owner's budget.
The combination of multiple macro-reflections, a combination of top-notch growth for their own users, weak content innovation, and profit-adding periods for new business inputs, and warming of the environment, efficiency gains for companies, and market expectations for their new business and new technologies such as aigc. Figure 2: Corporate stock price trends
1.2 State-owned holding media platforms, which capture the strategic highlands of culture Mango supermedias as a state-owned holding video platform for the domestic market, have a unique national capital background that creates a multi-dimensional competitive advantage for them. Corporate holding shareholders are Mango Media Ltd., with 56.09% shareholdings, and ultimately control the human being as a lake.