The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event, where the company released its annual report in 2016, generated $40.12 billion in revenues during the reporting period, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is $2.19 billion, an increase of 16%. The company proposes to find $2.1 for every 10 shares (including the annual report analysis: the growth in operating income is mainly due to the cost of the company’s new energy industry and supporting engineering operations, the trade industry’s fine-tuning management and effective control of engineering management).
37.3% of foreign currency deposits are mainly due to currency exchange gains due to the devaluation of the renminbi. “One way” core equipment suppliers: starting with the “one-way” strategy in 2013, infrastructure development in countries along the border provides a large number of overseas project opportunities for our capital, equipment, etc.
As a result of the long-term follow-up to previous visits, planning design, and local consultations, the company's overseas system integration operation broke out in 2016 with over $5 billion in hand orders. The power transmission business has a strong domestic position: as a private enterprise, the company has a national network of background equipment manufacturers in the country.
In 2016, in the context of competition among a large number of equipment firms, it was in the lead-up to the grid central tender, with the transmission industry entering orders in the domestic market for the transformer sector amounting to approximately 22.3 billion yuan. The transformer produced nearly 260 million kva, with no backlog.
The company, which is the leading transformer, will be further strengthened in the wave of super-pressure construction and network upgrading. The new energy sector is well-placed: the company’s new energy industry now includes multi-crystal silicon products, light-volatile reverse transformers.
Energy solutions for photovoltaic/wind power plants, etc.. Currently, companies have a multi-crystal silicon design capacity of 15,000 tonnes/year, and the full circulation of a share (million shares) has a significant low-cost advantage from the industrial chain layout, which gives companies the confidence to make a major effort to open up new energy markets.
The company’s PV station epc is ranked first in the world in the year, and future companies are expected to be rated “buy-in” for the first time through the operation of wind/PV stations, the consolidation of domestic leadership in the field of transmission and transformation equipment, and the prospect of future growth through new energy operations.
Yearly, the year 2018 and 2019 will show a small increase as countries continue to encourage new energy sources. The Māori ratio of this operation assumes that: transformer operations, trade operations, cable operations will remain in their current state: Scenario 3: Conversion engineering packages are mainly comprised of overseas projects and some domestic projects, and with “a belt-by-coastal”
The advance of the Roads strategy, with the company releasing $5 billion in hand orders over a five-year period, is expected to release more than $7 billion in 2017, followed by a slight slowdown in growth. The high Māori rate for overseas operations has raised the company’s Māori rate to around 30%.
Assumption 4: Coal operations are associated with corporate coal mining and price changes, assuming that the Māori rate is maintained for 16 years and 32% for the next three years: the power cost business will increase as the capacity of companies to operate power plants increases, and Māori rates will remain as they are, double, 13 times and 11 times. The company is the “one-way” core equipment and master contractor, leading the country in the field of transmission and transformation equipment.
The company’s share of domestic coal, cable, and trade is estimated to be somewhat uneconomical and will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or ideas contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.