The company published a quarterly report in 2017, which generated operating income of $8.168 billion, a decrease of 6.23 per cent in comparison with the previous period;
The performance of the quarterly reports is in line with our expectations and those of the market. We believe that the company, as a leading company in overseas power transmission projects, epc, and domestic electricity equipment, will continue to benefit from the promotion of the Xinjiang infrastructure plan. The performance of the company is in line with expectations, with a significant increase in profitability: one quarter of the company achieved $8,168 million in operating income.
6.23 per cent decline in the same year; net return to the mother's profit of $614 million, an increase of 10.92 per cent in the same year. (In addition to the share cut, approval for offshore epc operations: the company now receives approval from the CSRC for the unit's application.) The company's proposed collection of funds for this unit does not exceed $3.629 billion, of which $1.9 billion will be used to finance the project.
Replenishment of international epc operating funds will facilitate the acceleration of overseas orders. Full of hand orders, continuing to benefit from the Xinjiang infrastructure plan: the company now has over $5 billion in overseas epc orders and 22.3 billion in 2016 in domestic transmission equipment.
Dollars. We believe that, as the "one way" moves forward, the company's overseas orders are expected to grow rapidly, and because of such advantages as the transport radius, the company will benefit from the structural multi-crystal silicon operations brought about by the Xinjiang infrastructure plan: the company's multi-crysilica costs are ahead of expectations and with capacity.
The future is expected to be more profitable than expected, with rising and domestic “double-reverse” efforts in Korea. The offshore business is not as expected, the ultra-high-pressure bidding is slower than expected, and the supply and demand of multi-crystal silicon is less than expected.
Special Electricians: A steady increase in performance, benefiting from the One Way and Xinjiang Capital Plan 2017.4.18 Qualified as Portfolio Investment Consultancy
Shen Sung*