With slightly higher performance than expected, overseas orders grew by 50 per cent, and in 2016 they collected $40.117 billion, an increase of 7.12 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother.
Wang Linson Annual Report 2016, companies achieved operating income of $40.117 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period.
During the year, the company sought to achieve business income of $42 billion (combined statements), and operating costs (combined statements) were kept within $35 billion.
There was an increase. The company's transformer business received $9.67 billion, an increase of 0.48 per cent in the same year, and a total of 258 million kva, a figure of 226 kva in 15 years, of which the net profit on Shenzhen+Mechanism was in the region of $520 million. The company's cable business received $5,426 million.
At a point, the net profit of Shandong+Dueyang Cable Company is around 50 million. At one point, the equipment remained stable, and the main point of view for the future was the setting of ultra-high-pressure orders.
The new energy industry has grown significantly and is expected to continue to grow at a steady rate in the future. The new energy source is $10.2 billion (including 160 million offshore), an increase of 15.46 per cent over the same year.
It is planned to expand production to 30,000 tons in the first half of the year.
Three-quarterly reports meet expectations. Overseas engineering and energy plates are built year by year, and are operational year by year at the beginning of the 17th year, with a total of more wind on board than ever before.
3. The new energy plate was bright in the first half of the year, with energy operations. Progress in the receipt of transmission-to-power support works was confirmed to have affected the reduction in revenue collection and the increase in overseas orders by more than 50 per cent. Transfer-to-power packages. Currently, $5.16 billion were collected, a decrease of 13.38 per cent compared to 21.59 per cent, an increase of 1.02 percentage points compared to the previous year.
During the period, the company’s revenues from the transmission package and its operating costs fell, mainly as a result of the company’s initial transmission package, which was recognized at the current stage of progress, and the new transmission package, which has not yet started on a large scale. The company’s “outward” pace was accelerated around the country’s “one-way” strategy, and the international market contracted a new breakthrough as of now.
At the end of 2016, the company ' s international system integration operation was implementing more than $5 billion in unacknowledged revenue and contract funds for outstanding projects, with $3.3 billion in purchase orders at the end of the year, a 50% increase over the same year. The highlight of the year in Beijing, held in May, was the most promising one.
The energy table has been slow to develop in macroeconomic terms, and the potential of the 13th Five-Year Energy Base operation is enormous. The coal business is generating 1,365 million yuan, an increase of 19.64 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate of 31.8 per cent, a decrease of 3.07 percentage points in the same year. The state has approved 40 million tons of coal for the transformers, of which 10 million tons have been completed and the rest will be fully productive during the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In addition, during the 13th anniversary of the company's heat and power generation, it has a billion-dollar scale. If it accelerates, the company's revenues will increase considerably to Chengdu and Huadong. One of the country's energy development strategies is the long-range transmission of electricity, so the company's energy plate has a full potential.
▪ Three major cost rates of 10.48 per cent, a decrease of 0.82 percentage points in the same year, receivables, $554 million lower than at the beginning of the year, and inventory projections and valuations: we slightly revised the previous profit projections, owing to the fact that the company's 16-year performance was slightly higher than we expected. Risk factors: investment abroad is less than expected, investment in the grid is less than expected, and implementation of photovoltaic projects is less than expected.
Figure 3: Changes in corporate profits Figure 4: Māori rates and net interest rates