The release of higher overseas performance with steady performance will result in steady growth in the company ' s performance in 2016, largely benefiting from a recovery in the Māori rate of transmission and transmission operations
With the exception of the loss of revenue from the confirmation of project progress and the decline in the revenue from the conversion package due to the fact that the new project has not yet started on a large scale, companies reported that the country ' s electricity grid was still the first to win, with an order of about 22.3 billion yuan.
Billion dollars, at least 50% more than the same period last year. New energy operations benefit from a 25% increase in the volume of photovoltaic and wind power plants, which is 15.46% more than in the same year. According to Hesmarkit, photovoltaic power station epc, the world’s number one. The company’s Māori ratio has continued to improve, increasing by 0.18 percentage points, mainly by plus.
Strong cost control and engineering management. Cost share for the period is reduced by 0.82 percentage points as a result of lower financial costs as a result of currency exchange gains resulting from the devaluation of the renminbi foreign currency deposits. □ The “one-way” policy dividend contributes to the growth of overseas operations.
With the implementation of the national “one-way” strategy, our infrastructure and production capacity cooperation with countries along the line has expanded further, with Chinese enterprises contracting $126 billion in new contracts for the related 61 countries along the line in 2016, an increase of 36 per cent.
By the end of 2016, the company’s international package of projects had already achieved the 14.7 trillion dollars needed in 2030, an average annual investment in electricity needed to respond to climate change.
Eight times as much as in the last five years of our country. In the face of the larger market space overseas, companies will expect Wu Haibin to accelerate performance with its powerful billing capacity.
With regard to domestic demand, on the one hand, the construction of clean power sources will continue, companies have a photovoltaic whole-life chain and the growth of new energy operations will be guaranteed, on the other hand, there will be a steady increase in grid inputs, the 13th Five-Year Plan.
During the period, 90 per cent coverage was achieved by the construction of super-high voltage transmission lines and network automation (in 2016, national network coverage, regional network automation coverage, only 38 per cent), and the third round of agricultural network upgrading, 700 billion yuan.
Investments (a 40% increase over the planned $500 billion in the second round) guarantee companies transmission of transformable equipment and packages with no rating - because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.