Industrial wealth union: a significant increase in the income associated with ai, and the company is developing at a positive pace: on February 21, 2025, the company issued a fast-track report on the company ' s performance: in 2024, the company achieved a high growth in its business income, the depth of the benefits for which the cloud was calculated, and the income from its operations increased significantly.
\triangleright block operating income increased significantly over the year, growing by more than 50% over the same period the previous year, accounting for the first time more than 50% of the business income of the company as a whole.
In addition, operating income from servers grew by 20% over the same period of the previous year. By client category, operating income from csp servers grew by more than 80% over the same period of the previous year, accounting for more than half of operating income from the entire server for the first time;
The business income from branders’ servers has also grown by more than 70% over the same period in the previous year, when North America’s Tier-1 brand customers purchased their own servers. The company’s level of cooperation with core customers has deepened, with the next generation of new products developed with clients.
The tides of one are snowy, and the company is growing at a golden age. The release of Deepseek has pushed the market \triangleright deduced that the csp manufacturer in North America planned to grow at a fast pace in 2025.
Beyond that, domestic headcsp manufacturers like Ali have also accelerated the pace of their infrastructure. Looking ahead, in 2025, the British Weidelberg 200/gb300 series of products will be phased in, hardware will be matched with software, and the market will be expected to grow rapidly, with hundreds of flowers at its various ends.
The server’s odm leader, working closely with the North American csp manufacturer, and with China’s Xu Xuan factory, is currently in a period of rapid development, recommending sustained attention. Development prospects in this area will maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
The three-quarterly report of the IUF: the core of the i-industry chain Risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic volatility; geopolitical risks; the lack of development of the electronics sector
Cart, wait for the gb200 to bloom.
UIC's performance report: a wave core card, q2 earning a new high in profits, Sunda S.A.
In November 2022, a sub-group of Goldman Sachs, No. 127, Beijing West Side,b joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which is directed towards optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
Joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025 in the direction of semiconductors, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc., for servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.