Building a new growth power through the "ave-a-way" □ a three-dimensional "a-way-a-way" power tap.
In recent years, companies have moved from high-end manufacturing to manufacturing service providers and international system integrators, creating a new growth dynamic from the transmission package, especially from the international grid. The One-way initiative has added to the construction of the global energy Internet, creating a trillion-dollar scale for companies.
The market space, the company’s geographical location, and its ability to raise bills, among other hardware advantages, have become the core competitiveness of overseas business expansion, helping it to get more orders. By the end of 2016, the inter-firm system integration business had been in the possession of over $5 billion in orders, and it would be able to deliver on its performance over the next three years.
The high share of overseas operations and the high returns of high-quality projects determine elasticity, opening up an accelerated pattern of performance growth. □ The high-pressure build-up of future domestic income stabilization lines has not started.
The company has a higher market rate in the area of super-high-pressure transformers, supported by a technological lead that supports stability in its domestic transmission performance and an increase in the Māori rate. □ Silicon line cost advantage optimizes the photovoltage chain
New sub-energy under the company's flag is a global leader in wind power/photovolepc, inverters, in manufacturing from multi-silicon silicon-silicon-solar-solar cell assemblies to power station design and, finally, in operating the production capacity to maintain the entire industry chain and forming a "coal" with the energy industry.
Silicon is integrated, using coal power to produce itself, and with multi-crystal silicon-line technologies to enhance cost advantages. Given plans for renewable energy generation by 2020, companies will stabilize their new energy operations over the next four years; construction of overseas infrastructure will slow; market competition will increase; and credit and remittances will be reduced.
Xu Chengqin, the old company built power transmission, new energy, energy three-wheel drive.
The company was preceded by Xinjiang Special Volculator Manufacturing Co. Ltd., which was listed on a stock master board in 1997. The department, an old-fashioned transformer leader with a 78-year transformer history, has been in the forefront of the world's production and development of high-end transformers, and has now grown into a large backbone of the world's transformer industry.
Businesses. Holdings are Xinjiang-Technology Group Ltd., non-State legal entities in the country. In addition to Xinjiang-Technology (600089.sh), a listed company platform, the company also owns Xinjiang and (600888.sh) and New Special Energy Corporations, which now operate in their main business, including transmission, new energy and energy operations, in which electricity is transferred.
In addition to the research and development, production and marketing of transformers, cable products and other transformer products, the new energy business includes, inter alia, international engineering packages for transmission power; the new energy business consists mainly of the production and marketing of multi-crystal silicon, reverse transformers, and the provision of comprehensive energy solutions for the design, construction, commissioning and transport of photovoltaic and wind power plants, mainly in the form of a combination of design, construction, commissioning and maintenance.
In the face of the volatility of the capital market in 2015, China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. and the Central Funded Funds (CFC)