CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全 资 附
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Maxscend (300782 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Mixed results for 2021; New products and filter
Target Price
RMB415.0
(Previous TP
RMB450.0)
Up/Downside
+70%
Maxscend announced FY21 preliminary results. FY21 revenue/NP grew 66%/99%
Current Price
RMB244.21
YoY, reaching RMB4,636mn/2,139mn. Top line slightly missed our/consensus
China Technology Sector
expectations by 4%/4%, while bottom line beat our/consensus est. by 3%/3%.
Given recent weakness in Android market, we lowered our forecasts for FY22E.
Lily Yang, Ph.D.
TP adjusted to RMB415. Maintain BUY.
■ Mixed results for 2021. Maxscend FY21 revenue was RMB4.6bn, up 66.1%
Alex Ng
and 4Q21 top line missed our/consensus expectations by 4%/4% and
13%/14%. FY21 NP was RMB2.1bn, up 99% YoY. 4Q21 NP was RMB612mn,
up 19.3% QoQ and 72.2%YoY. FY21 and 4Q21 bottom line beat
our/consensus est. by 3%/3% and 12%/12%. We believe the mixed results
Lana Lin
was due to continued component shortage, weak Android sales and improved
profitability from newly released 5G module in 2021.
New products and filter production are in focus for 2022. For 2022, we
Stock Data
expect the company will see continuous improvement in profitability due to
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
favorable product mix as module revenue has plenty growth opportunities in
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB$ mn)
1,136
52w High/Low (RMB$)
544.68/238.25
top Android OEMs. Given that the new manufacturing plant is currently under
Total Issued Shares (mn)
pilot production, we would watch closely on the ramp up status of its filter
Source: Bloomberg
business and its yield after production.
Shareholding Structure
Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB415.0. We lowered our FY22 revenue/NP by
WX HUIZHI UNITED INV ENT
12.8%
9%/8%, reflecting recent weak sales from Android OEMs. We adjusted our TP to
Feng Chenhui
7.87%
Tang Zhuang
7.67%
RMB415.0 based on same 50x FY22E P/E. Maxscend is currently trading at 1-SD
Source: HKEx
below historical P/E. We believe this valuation is attractive given 1) its leading
position in China's RFFE market, 2) broad in-house designed product offerings,
Share Performance
and 3) transition into fab-lite model to secure production capacity and full control
of its manufacturing process.
Potential risks include 1) slower-than-expected R&D progress and commercial
launch of new products, 2) intensified competition that erode both top and bottom
lines and 3) further deteriorated marco environment. Potential upside includes
12-mth Price Performance
M&A opportunity.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: BDO
Related Reports
Long-term
positive
outlook
unchanged despite short term
"RFFE: Ubiquitous Connectivity
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Opens Up Immense Wireless
Opportunity; Initiate BUY on
Earnings preview
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.