Events: On 20 January, the company issued a 19-year performance forecast: the expected net return profit is about $600 million to $600 million.
Performance is largely in line with expectations, the national product of the beneficial chip is replaced, and the overall performance is largely consistent with our previous judgement. According to performance forecasts, the net profit on q4 return is 150 million yuan to the long term, the main reasons being the accelerated replacement of semiconductor national production, the continuous import of new customers, new orders, and the optimal product structure.
Increased profitability; warmer storage, in short supply. The unit increased its permeability compared to the upward trend of 300 degrees deep, benefiting from better penetration rates such as old, tws and 5g products
The growth of demand in norflash drives supply and demand in the industry, especially the tws headphones, amoled screens, etc., and the rise of consumer electronics, object networks.
There are a number of customers in the areas of prevention, and physical networking. Noorflash is still in a tight state of production, and with the penetration rate of 5g switch, tws, and 5g products increasing, it is still possible to maintain the high climate of the nonflash, which will continue to benefit the company.
The dram is going well, benefiting the chip-storage industry, and the company's plan is not to add more than $4,324 million to the dram chip development and industrialization project, with emphasis on research and development.
The dram technology under the 1xnm (19nm, 17nm) process is planned to develop ddr3, touch bottom recovery, and the landscape is expected to increase continuously. The company has achieved the full product line layout of the chip storage, with a target increase in the development of advanced dram, which is expected to benefit from a roll-out in the chip storage industry.
\triangleright has continued to launch a series of high-value mcu products based on the arm architecture, with the benefit of electronics and goods on board.
There has been an increase in demand in areas such as networking and industrial controls, with a significant increase in mcu products in 19q3 and ring ratios. Slim has achieved a volume of output for brand cellular clients, has launched a fingerprinting program, and is expected to benefit from an increase in fingerprint penetration.
1. E.M.I. (603986) Review: Three-quarters report is over-expected and downstream demand is high 2. E.M.I. (603986)
The company is the world’s leading repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting from the semiconductor self-control trend, and is one of the strategic platforms for national chip storage. Because of the demand for noorflash, the company’s entry into the world’s major clients, the division’s comments: the stocking is progressing beyond expectations, expanding new ones.
Instead of accelerating, the chip national production, considering the impact of the acquisition of Slim in Shanghai, is expected to be 246 times higher in 19/20/21, maintaining a “recommended” rating.1 Price fluctuations in raw materials such as crystal circle;2 price reductions in storage chips;3 and the capacity of drams to climb up the slopes than expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.