I'm looking forward to becoming a storage leader.
The company published its annual report, which in 2019 generated a revenue of RMB 3,203 million, an increase of 42.62 per cent over the year; the net return profit of RMB 607 million, an increase of 49.85 per cent over the same year; and the performance of a modest (i) was in line with expectations, with a rapid growth in the nonflash business
The company’s performance is at the lower end of the forecast and is basically in line with our expectations, with a marked boost in the second half of the year, and about $1 billion in the o3 and o4 seasons. In the sub-operations, the storage chip achieved a profit of 2,556 million yuan a year, a 38.9 per cent increase over the previous year.
Thanks to product structural optimization and the introduction of new markets, sales have increased by about 45 per cent and are expected to remain nonflash third in the world; mcu accounts for $444 million, an increase of 9.69 per cent over the same period; companies buy Slim to enter the sensor business, the next half of the year.
With $203 million in revenue, Slim has met only 58.04 per cent of his performance commitments in the last two years, and (ii) deep-sleet flashes, layouts and drams, where the company's share of storage is about 80 per cent and continues to rise, and it remains the company's largest business.
On the nonflash side, in addition to amoled, car use, the network, tws, etc., will become an additional demand, with some of the manufacturers withdrawing from the segmented areas causing supply decline that keeps the industry in short supply and demand, and the company actively controls it.
The Industrial Change Authority, which has entered the top three in the world in 20103, will continue to expand demand in the future, and the company is expected to continue to expand its market share. For the dram, the company continues to strengthen and compost its co-operation, and the ddr4 product of 19 nm is now operational and operational.
By supplying goods to the outside world, companies are expected to deepen their cooperation in R & D, marketing, and improve their own dram layout, thus cutting into the nearly $100 billion dram market, which is expected to be a new bright spot for companies in the future.
For domestic storage, the company has increased significantly since the beginning of 2019, and stock prices are now overstretched. Development expectations for the coming period have been reduced to a “neutral” rating.