Noor flashes high, with more business - 2019 annual reports - billions of dollars, +49.9 per cent of the year, plus 570 million net profit, +56.7 per cent of the year; net cash flows from operating activities are:
970 million yuan, +56 per cent; basic eps, +40.3 per cent. Performance met expectations, benefited from a small increase in profitability in 1 and 19 years, and sustained increases in R & D investment:
Real performance is at the lower end of the performance forecast. The value of new products received continues to be imported + scale effects, with a Māori ratio of RMB 92.22 million in 2019; R & D investments amount to $360 million, an increase of 74.6 per cent over the same period, mainly for flash stocks and Mcu advanced nodes; receivables amount to $187 million, an increase of 80.8 per cent over the same period, owing to an increase in the sales of credit clients and a rise in the value of Szézé.
In 19 years, companies accounted for approximately $37.89 million in impairment of assets and credit impairment losses, which, if not taken into account, would have resulted in better actual performance. 2 q4 single-quarter performance and profitability increased significantly over the same period:
19q4 single-season revenues of 1 billion yuan, +90.5% of the same year, and the ring balance is almost equal; 19q4 net profit from the mother is 160 million yuan, +3174.4% of the same year; the ring is 40%; 19q4 Māori is 43.7% of the same year; the net interest rate is 15.7% of the same year; 19q4 net interest rate is 15.7% of the same year +8.6pt.q4 watch profit ring is significantly lower, mainly due to an increase in the ring from the off-the-shelf (as Slit is involved in litigation).
3. Substitution of beneficiary production accelerated, new products and new customers continued to be imported, with a significant increase in the share of the city: 1) 19 years of storage chip collection of $2.56 billion, compared with 39 per cent, 79.8 per cent, compared to -2.1 pct, Māori ' s global share of Flush, 18.3 per cent, third year of global ranking, and 10.5 per cent in 18 years (ranked fifth).
The Māori rate has risen steadily with 45.4 per cent, compared to 1.7 ptt, mainly benefiting from the acceleration of the import of new products and the replacement of national production. The company mcu 1. [electronics of the population] has a universal mcu mainstream product (including 24 series of over 320 products) with a leading coverage industry.
3) Sensors collect 203 million yuan, compared to 6.3 per cent, and Māori 50.3 per cent, and touch and control chips globally in 2018: the share of new tws +5g products that benefit from storage chips is 11.4 per cent, fourth, and the global share of fingerprint chips is 9.4 per cent, and third.
4. Deepening industrial-chain cooperation. The company works with China Hari International, Hua Liwa, and the U.S.C. Electronic Deepness, and collaborates with the power station.
Review: Three-quarterly reports are overexpected, downstream demand is stronger in 4, tws, oled, 5g, etc., and noor flashes will enter the upper cycle 1) new new products are being imported on a continuous basis.
In a small amount of 55nm, full production of 55nm products will be achieved by 2020, adapted to the needs of 5g base stations, wearables, aiot, etc., and full-line products will support wlcsp seals; companies will launch the first 4 high-speed noor flash solution and one of the best performance solutions in industry, 8 neorflash.
Quick-reading needs such as a vehicle, ai, iot. The slcnand process node is 38nm, with a 24nnand product volume to be achieved by 2020, and the gap between the slcnand mainstream process node (19-38nm) will be reduced and will benefit from mobile terminals, smart terminals, aiot, etc.
The company’s nolflash penetration into the international tws supply system, with a high unit value and a higher penetration of the benefits tws, has expanded to include a number of customers in the areas of vehicle-borne electronics, security, and access to goods. To benefit from higher penetration rates such as tws, oled, 5g base stations, iot, etc., the demand for norflash will continue to rise, and the company will continue to do so.
China’s market is about 40% of the world’s dram market. The mobile dram is the largest application of domestic dram, and China’s dram market is expected to reach 45.6 billion in 21 years.
Euro, the market size of the mobile dram is expected to be 28 per cent in 19-21 years, and the server is stable in the dram city and the climate is expected to increase continuously. Industrialization project, focusing on the development of dram technology under the 1xnm scale (19nm, 17nm) process, is planned to develop
ddr3, lpdddr3, ddr4, lpddddr4 series dram chips. The company continues to push and compost 12 inches dram into production early at 19q3 and the product has been validated by large domestic and foreign customers. The company has achieved noor and nad flash stock production, the layout dram will improve storage layouts, and multi-stakeholder collaboration will be expected to improve overall competitiveness, and it will be possible to accept it.
6-mcu new products are being introduced, and fingerprint recognition has made a new breakthrough 1) mcu products have been optimized and upgraded to high performance and low power consumption.
The company launched its first 32-digit generic mcu product based on the risc-v inner core in August 19 and continues to publish high-value mcu products based on the arm structure. Demand growth in areas such as beneficial industrial controls, consumption-based embedding of markets, etc., is expected to recover and continue to grow.
2) Sensor new products will be scaled up. 19h2 Slits contributed $203 million to optimize optical fingerprints from lenses. The product was also launched with optical fingerprints from lcd screens, ultra-small encorded optical fingerprints, ultra thin optical fingerprints, large-area tf optical fingerprints, becoming the only company in the industry with all the fingerprints.
The thin/large-area tft optical fingerprint will hopefully be applied on a scale and will be rolled out with a flexible large-area optical fingerprint that will benefit from increased penetration. We believe that companies, based on storage and mcu operations, will effectively synergize and provide a one-stop service for customers, such as storage, control, sensorization, margin computing, etc.
The company is the world’s leading repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting from the semiconductor self-control trend, and is one of the strategic platforms for national chip storage. As noorflash is in short supply, the company cuts into international large customers, chip is a national product, Wang Fang, the electronics industry chief, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.