Performance guidelines for 2019 are in line with expectations, with noor upscaling boost performance surges - performance guidelines for year-end performance ratings are in line with expectations, and performance will continue to break out in 2020, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating
The company issued a performance forecast for 2019: 60-65 million yuan in 2019 between the parent ' s net profit zones. We believe that the downstream demand continues to be strained to add up to production capacity, and that the upturn in 2020 is an event with a high probability of innovation as a domestic repository, coupled with a very competitive mcu and
At the demand end, the company’s downstream market continues to improve: the smartphone market, where amoled penetration rates will be maintained.
Upgrade, demand for nor will continue to erupt; tws headphone sales will continue to drive demand for nor; in addition, the impending outbreak of vehicle, smart meter, 5g base station markets will significantly boost demand for high-capacity nor; and supply ends, where cis has taken over the surrogate plant due to high demand for cameras
Production capacity, and current non-replacement capacity constraints, have led to greater supply capacity constraints for noor, combined with the gradual withdrawal of large offshore plants from the noor market, and a supply deficit for noor. On the whole, considering the high demand in the noor downstream market and the stress on surrogate capacity, we judge the 2020 noor market.
The company has three main product directions: storage, mcu, and sensors. In storage, the company continues to develop new ones.
Product and technology upgrades to launch O3 performance over-expected, industry upscaling performance outbreak 2019-10-30 in a variety of areas, such as networking, wearables, industrial controls and car electronics
The new product, the 38nmslc-based Nandflash, has stabilized its output and will be further rolled out to the 24nm, q2 performance over-expected, storage cycle at the end of which will result in future process products; for mcu, the company accumulates more than 300 million shipments, targeting high performance, low cost and goods.
Long Term 2019-08-28 Networking applications developed new products and widely used in the market; Sensor area, company general.
The M&As are well thought of, entering the field of optical fingerprint sensors. We believe that the company’s product lines are rich, and that each product lines 2018-11-15 are more competitive, and will benefit fully from the larger trend of semiconductor national production.