Continuous improvement in the quality of operations, rapid development of the second curve Investment rating: increase in (first) global integrated headlines and continuous improvement in the quality of operations
As one of the largest multifunctional integrated construction groups in the world, companies are leading the industry in the areas of infrastructure development, planning consultancy, equipment manufacturing, and after many years of practice and development, they are vertically “integrator” and horizontally “prime, relevant and diversified” product industries.
The layout is gradually taking shape. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved $8,82,918 million in operating income, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the previous quarter; a net return of $24,012 million, an increase of 4.37 per cent over the previous quarter; and a upgrading of the traditional infrastructure structure, which opened up the second growth curve.
In recent years, there has been an overall upward trend in the proportion of Māori-high road operations (the Māori hub is 12 per cent to the right) and other operations (the Māori hub is around 9 per cent), and the proportion of railway operations (the Māori hub is around 4 per cent) has continued to decline, and companies have continued to upgrade their operations.
By the first half of 2023, the company was growing by 5.9%, while the company was developing its mineral resource business and owning five modern mines.
Mountain, with an annual ore disposal capacity of more than 22 million tons and an annual metal production capacity of more than 250,000 tons, the company continues to expand its resource-use operations, using 33.440 billion new resource-signing projects throughout 2023 into a high-quality development phase.
The construction industry has diversified its overseas hosting projects, which are now entering the new phase of the structural transformation of the project, and new energy-related infrastructure projects, such as wind power and photovoltaics, are expected to become the main areas for building up the overseas market. Companies are the main infrastructure-building force in the construction of the “one-way” process.
Among other things, the representative overseas projects include Javan High Iron, Medium and Old Railways, Indonesia. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved an internal revenue of $5,58.609 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the previous year, and an offshore revenue collection project showed that a new one-way increase was higher than the one-way increase in the country during the year.
8.7% (1.8% in the country). Under the One-way initiative, it is expected that future overseas operations will become a new point of action. (3) Reform of state enterprises will not be as fast as expected.
China has a history of more than 100 years, preceded by the General Directorate of Engineering and Design of the Ministry of Railways, established in 1950; and in September 2000, the General Secretary of Railways of China.
The Department “decorated” with the Ministry of Railways, while laying down a preliminary business model for “first-hand, diversified development”; in May 2003, China Railway Engineering Company as a whole was placed under the State Finance Committee of the State Council; in December 2007, the company was successfully listed as a whole in Hong Kong; and in June 2017 it was renamed China Railway Engineering Group Ltd. as a global company.
In 2023, one of the largest construction contractors, the company entered the top 500 companies in the world for 18 consecutive years, ranking second in the Financial Year, with the company ranked second in the top 250 global contractors in Engineering Records enr.
Vertical “integrity of construction.” Horizontal “prime, relevant and diversified” industrial layouts are gradually emerging. As one of the largest multifunctional integrated construction groups in the world, companies are leading the industry in infrastructure development, design consultancy, equipment manufacturing, extension of the industrial chain, extension of value-added services, real estate opening.
After many years of practice and development, there is a strong upstream/downstream relationship between the company’s operations.
During the last three quarters, the company achieved $884.52 billion in operating income, an increase of 4.05 per cent over the previous three quarters; and a net return to the mother, $24.112 billion, an increase of 437 per cent over the previous quarter. In a single quarter, the company q3 achieved operating income of $29,375.5 million, an increase of 1.48 per cent over the same period, a decline of 6.92 pct over the q2 increase; and a net return to the mother, a decrease of $7,772 million.
With 1.5% less, the ring q2 growth rate declined by 12.40%, and the net profit growth rate for both collection and repatriation slowed down. In the previous three quarters, the company’s traditional infrastructure construction rate increased by 5.23% in comparison to the previous three quarters, the equipment manufacturing rate grew by 10.57% compared to the same year, while the real estate development rate fell by 26.2%.
Cost controls are relatively reasonable, with cash outflows increasing in the previous three quarters. Overall cost controls over company periods are more reasonable, with company sales at 0.5% as of the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 0.01 pct over the same period.
The net operating cash flow for the third quarter was $33.723 billion, a decrease of 17.14 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the tax revenue received, the cost rate for the period of company chart 5, the continued improvement in profit levels and the steady increase in dividends. The company achieved a Māori rate of 9.09 per cent in the previous three quarters, a decrease of the same rate.
Growth of 0.25 pct; net interest rate of 2.98%, increase of 0.03 pcc from year to year, with a continuous improvement in profit levels.
2.1 Municipal projects account for more than half of the traditional infrastructure, and the “second curve” strategy is advancing steadily.
In the case of railways, which are the backbone of China’s railways, the total mileage of railways is about two-thirds of China’s railways; in the case of roads, cities, housing and urban rail transport, the region is divided into more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
The Division has been involved in the surveying, design, construction and supervision of hundreds of high-level roads, totalling more than 40,000 kilometres, of which nearly 18,000 are highways, accounting for 15% of the total mileage of the highway in China. By the third quarter of 2023, company infrastructure construction had generated 77,2381 million yuan, an increase of 5.23%.
The Māori rate was higher in the manufacturing of process equipment and spare parts and in the survey design advisory services, not 21.6 per cent and 27.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, and the ratio was more stable.
Figure 11 shows a significant increase in the proportion of revenue to the four major portfolios, and the level of profit is expected to continue to rise. A breakdown of the structure of the building blocks shows that in recent years, the company’s road operations with a high Māori ratio (the centre of the Māori rate is around 12%) and other operations (Māori)
In 2021, a “second curve” development strategy was established to buy water from Fife to strengthen the water tablet. The emerging business is the company's focus on growing plates, covering, inter alia, hydropower, clean energy, eco-environment, airport lanes, urban transport.
In December 2019, the company identified water investment as the ninth largest operating block, established the China Iron Engineering and Construction Company Limited, and integrated iron and water services into the newly formed China Iron Industry and Construction Company Limited: the first strategic plan to open a “second curve” in 2021; and in 2022, the company managed to maintain a large market size and competitive advantage.
After the acquisition of 33.54 per cent of the Phyllis shareholding held by Yunnan Shinjian in May, the iron-shareding company, which together holds 53.37 per cent of the bid, will be joined in October by a joint venture between the initiator and other donors, such as the Yunnan State Finance Committee, to finance 70.51 per cent of the cost of the Chinese Iron Yunnan Construction Investment Corporation.
Step-by-step cultivation of the south-west regional market, consolidation of traditional business master positions, and creation of a “second curve” engine for development.
The “second curve” continues to grow with steady growth in emerging business signatures. The creation of brand clusters and the upgrading of brand influence by firms in 2022 are important underpinnings of competitive advantages, large market sizes, and new growth poles of economic efficiency, providing greater scope for firms to develop high-quality over the long term.
2.2 The mineral plate is growing fast and is expected to generate profit elasticity. The company has five modern mines, copper, cobalt, and molybdenum reserves in the lead industry.
The company has built five modern mines by investing fully in, holding or participating in the country and abroad: (1) the Black Dragon River Molybdenum Mine: Asia ' s largest single-body molybdenum mine, which was officially launched in December 2013 and currently has a capacity of 115,000 tons/year for the production of molybdenum metals; (2) Kong.
Fruit (gold) green bronze cobalt mine: officially produced in April 2013 with a current capacity of 25,000 tonnes/year of copper production; (3) mkm copper cobalt mine: officially produced in October 2012 with a current capacity of 220.000 tonnes/year of copper production; (4) Wagangsicomine copper cobalt mine: world class-class ultra-open copper cobalt mine with a current capacity of 25.26 million tonnes/year of copper production; (5) Mongolia ' s lead and zinc mine:
The country’s largest lead and silver polymetallic mine, which currently produces 26 million tons of lead and zinc metal per year, continues to expand its resource use operations and its net profits are growing at a high rate.
Cobalt and Cobalt Mining Corporation: The company has been very profitable and has maintained net interest rates at over 44 per cent for the last five years. In the first half of 2023, China just recovered $74.60, an increase of 7.19 per cent, and realized a net profit of $3.872 billion, which is very strong compared to figure 20 GW.
Figure 19 Net profit and increase in iron resources In the first half of the year, corporate copper production decreased by 5.75 per cent; cobalt metal production by 0.25 million tons, decreased by 5.25 per cent; molybdenum metal production by 0.81 million tons, increased by 4 per cent; lead metal production by 0.6 million tons, increased by the same year
The growth in the number of new contracts has slowed, and infrastructure development operations have remained at the core of the portfolio. The growth in the number of new contracts signed by companies has slowed in recent years, with new contracts worth $31.6 billion in 2023, an increase of 2.0%.
In 2019-2022, infrastructure development remained at its core, with more than 80 per cent of new contracts signed, with an increase in the share of new business, resource utilization and high growth in financial and trade operations. In 2023, medium-tone integration and disclosure of calibres and class names, with a new single share of corporate engineering construction operations according to the latest business classification
Highest, more than 70%; emerging operations (hydropower, clean energy, eco-environmental protection, urban operations, wires) are starting to grow. q2 q2 new signatures are growing at the fastest rate, 43.30%, year-round growth is expected to be positive after the release of squeezed demand, with a new single increase of -7.4% throughout the year; resource use and financial and trade operations are increasing.
The project implementation cycle is concentrated in one to three years. In terms of successful projects, the project implementation cycle is concentrated on one to three years, with fewer projects within one year and more than five years; in particular, the distribution of major projects in the company for the 2-3 year implementation cycle is shown in figure 27.
The proportion of major projects newly signed has declined, with municipalities accounting for more than 50 per cent of the total number of major projects. In 2023, companies won a higher percentage of major semi-annual municipal and road projects, with q3 municipalities and major road projects receiving a lower proportion of new projects awarded for construction work on a quarterly basis.
Figure 292023 Quarterly status of major new signed projects in the engineering construction category
It is hoped to be a new source of energy for the construction of a multiplicity of overseas hosting projects, which have now entered a new phase of structural transformation and upgrading. Over the past 20 years, the structure of the major overseas purchase orders of the country’s representative construction companies has been distributed over the past 20 years, in 2013 and earlier.
In the case of production line projects and traditional energy type projects, where the production line is dominated by projects such as cement line and chemical production line, traditional energy type projects include projects such as hydroelectric power stations, coal-fired power stations, fire power stations, etc.: after 2013, the construction of the country has become more diversified, and the project has gradually expanded from a single production line to a more integrated capacity requirement.
High-level areas, such as industrial parks, have benefited from the “one-way” initiative and, on the other hand, from the growing capacity of our complex construction companies. Meanwhile, energy-type infrastructure construction projects have gradually assumed a dominant position since 2013, with an average of around 30% in 2014-2022; but in terms of the breakdown, they have been able to increase their capacity.
Restructured new and old energy sources are evident, and the share of traditional energy-type projects has gradually declined. The current “one-way” has moved towards a high-quality development phase, and new energy-related infrastructure projects, such as wind power and photovoltaics, are expected to become a major area for building foreign markets.
Figure 30 Structure of overseas hosting projects in 2013 and earlier The number of new signatures outside the country increased more than in 2023, and overseas operations are expected to become a new source of energy. The company is one of the major infrastructure builders in “one way” construction, with overseas agencies and projects spread across Asia and Africa.
In nearly 100 countries and regions, including Europe, South America and Oceania, representative overseas projects include the Javan High Iron Project in Indonesia, the Old and Middle Railways Project, the Yagi Railway Project, the Padma Bridge in Bangladesh and the Railway Links Project.
For new projects in 2023, the fact that q3 has the largest number of new offshore operations and its own small base has resulted in a single increase of 8.7 per cent (1.8 per cent in the country) over the course of the year. In the context of the “one-way” initiative and the high-quality development of both state enterprises, it is expected to be overseas in the future.
The business is expected to become a new force point for the company.
In China, as one of the country’s integrated head-building enterprises, deep-farming railways, roads, etc., have been successfully transformed into niches such as municipal and equipment manufacturing. According to the tri-quarterly report of 2023, companies achieved a 4.05% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis; the combined Māori rate of 9.22% increased by 0.2 percentage points on a year-on-year basis.
The “second curve” development strategy, the rapid growth of new and emerging businesses, and resource use are promising medium- and long-term gains. At the same time, companies are expected to have room for improvement in the Māori rate by requiring an annual “one-for-one-five-per-cent” rating from the recipient country’s funding committee.
(iii) State enterprise reforms are not as fast as expected. Using legitimate compliance information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.