Researchchand developmentcenter, the dominant state-owned industry with a steady and moderate profile.
– Agricultural Bank (601288), in-depth report 1. Increase in profit rate, boom in district and priority area operations 2. Increase in district financial contribution, positive performance rate
As a State-owned holding bank, agricultural banks have a high concentration of equity, and agricultural banks (601288).
The company focuses on high-quality development, focusing on the two main positions of “principal banking for village revitalization, leading banking for entity economy” and fully implementing the three strategies of “tri-farming” counties, green finance, and digital operations.
(a) The country has issued, for many years, a central document to promote rural reform and the introduction of policies to support the three-farming operations of the Agricultural Bank;
2 Districts are large, with more than half of the resident population, and the county finance is expanding and has greater potential for development. 2) The agro-county area has a strong financial advantage and income contributions are constantly rising. 1 Company channels are rich in resources, with a total of 127,000 district networks, accounting for 56 per cent of the full-line network, and the HAPAC service points have overcovering townships.
Over 94 per cent; 2 companies have a solid client base, with a total number of their individual clients at the top of the profession, and 3 districts with good value in terms of volume of loans, consistent with national development orientation: 1 credit scale, agricultural banks continue to expand lending in the district, with 2023h1 district lending exceeding 100 million yuan, an increase of more than the entire industry.
The increase in credit is 3.6 pct; the average rate of return on financial loans in the county area is 3.99 per cent, which is higher than the 12bp return on total loans in the agricultural sector; the value of non-performing loans in the county sector is 1.27 per cent, which is lower than the rate of poor loans in the whole sector, in terms of asset quality; and the coverage rate of 355.15 per cent is higher than the coverage level of 50.48 pct for the whole line.
4 Credits have gone up, focusing on the three-farm sector, and three-farm policy guidelines have been put in place to guide the effective delivery of credit and help consolidate the upgrading of service villages to the status of leading banks. 4) Building a strong deposit base and creating capital cost advantages: benefiting from strong financial sales in the county.
The last month saw an increase or decrease (%) in the network and the long-term accumulation of customer base, with the agricultural bank ' s liabilities dominated by deposits, accounting for about 80%, of which individual deposits and call accounts accounted for a higher proportion of total deposits, a stable deposit structure and a higher cost
In recent years, the share of county deposits has been stable and at a lower cost than the full-time average, and is the main contributor to the full-time cost advantage, while sufficient county deposits have been made in agriculture.
Intra-bank money flows are guaranteed, and the real economy is constantly being injected into the living water: the agricultural banks, under the position of the Main Bank of Services to the Real Economy, are working in parallel with the three main sectors of economic focus, consumer consumption, and integrated financial services.
Notable among them is the active deployment of agricultural banks in advanced manufacturing and emerging industries, making full use of the synergies of the agro-banks, strengthening industrial cluster development, building integrated “investments, loans, and services” integrated integrated financial services systems with large reserves of potential clients, which may be the focus of their future development efforts.
Basics: asset quality and value creation are balanced and robust 1) performance has improved steadily. The scale of assets has expanded strongly: the agricultural banks have collected and returned net profits for the last three years in the third place in the State-owned major bank. The 2023h1 battalion registered an increase of 0.83% in the same year, and the net return to the mother has increased in the same year.
3.48 per cent of total asset growth and increase are among the top in the State-owned sector. It is worth noting that while the lending structure of the agricultural banks remains dominated by public loans, in a complex economic situation, their individual lending has remained at a level of 0.43 trillion yuan, ranking first in the State-owned sector and increasing more than the State-owned sector.
An average increase of 2.1 pct. Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In the monetary policy implementation report, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, the need for commercial banks to maintain reasonable profits and net revenue differentials is clearly stated, and we believe that, in the future, the pressure on the bank net difference is expected to be protected by a policy of adjustment of interest rates on deposits.
Controls. The company actively seeks to optimize its intermediary operations and continuously improves its ability to provide integrated services. For example, it has been able to raise revenue from the loan charges of the group. 3) The quality of assets has improved and the level of provision has been excellent: as of the end of June 2023, the agricultural banks had been poor.
Rates of interest and overdue loans have fallen to their best level since 2014, with over 90 days of overdue loans and only 43.15 per cent of non-performing loans and 72.95 per cent of non-performing loans, all of which are among the lowest in the State-owned major banks, indicating that the criteria for the recognition of non-performing loans by agricultural banks are more stringent and that the quality of assets is solid.
At the same time, corporate coverage is the second highest among the State-owned major banks, with a relatively high level of risk offset capacity. (4) Strengthening financial science and technology: Agricultural banks, using their financial advantages, continue to increase their support for financial science and technology, the scale of financial investment in science and technology and the number of technologists in all commercial banks.
In the lead, STI-enabling financial services continue to be used. Quite a profit forecast and investment rating: Agricultural banks are well-established, deep-farming districts, active marketing, green and digital finance, and companies are expected to be serving the countryside in the future as county finance continues to grow.
Village-renewed leading banks and major banks for the economy of service entities. We look at the company’s future development as much as we see it. Agricultural banks are solid, promising, and have the unique advantages of district finance, and we give them an “additional” rating without being able to repair their valuations as the economy warms.
Agricultural banks are from the Agricultural Cooperative Bank, created in 1951, with its own “three farmers” genes, and with its historic mission of serving rural renewal and contributing to rural economic development. The company has set up the three Agricultural Financial Services Department, which has a “three eight-centre” group.
Weaving structures to service district operations, continuously improving the separate management appraisal and incentive mechanisms of the Ministry of Agriculture and Inclusive Finance, and effectively upgrading the capacity and level of rural revitalization of financial services. The company is currently working to build an international leading commercial banking group, with the “Leading Front Bank for Village Renewal” and the “Main Bank for the Service Entity Economy” as the “Three Farmers” district, green finance, and digital business strategies being fully implemented.
The high concentration of equity, financial strength and resilience to risk, the broad scope for financial development in the counties and the strong position of agricultural banks, 1) the level of policy support: since the reform and opening up of the country, we have focused on addressing the issue of the “three farmers” and have issued a central document for many years.
As the political and popular orientation of finance increases, the priority area of service to the real economy and to the state will be the future focus. We believe that future commercial banks are expected to play a more important role in such areas as science, technology, innovation, green transformation, inclusion, and the digital economy.
2. The market is very promising: the country has a vast territory of about 90 per cent of its territory, a permanent resident population of over 50 per cent, and a population of nearly 40 per cent. With the country ' s continued introduction of a three-farm support policy to guide the development of the county economy, the financial needs of the county have grown, the growth of agricultural loans has been growing in double digits since 2022 and is higher than the average of loans, and the prospects for future county financial development are broad.
3) Agricultural banks have a strong financial advantage in the county area and an enhanced revenue contribution: the company's “3-farm” district operations have benefited from national policy preferences such as the pilot reform of the Ministry of Agriculture and Finance, regulatory fee relief, differentiated deposit reserve rates, tax relief on loans related to agriculture, a wide and deep network of sites, a coverage rate of more than 94% in the townships and a total number of individual clients. Under a solid district channel and customer base, the company strongly supports the three farmers.
Point areas, leading to the effective delivery of credit, with sustained increases in revenue from county operations, with revenues from 2023h1 and profits of 49 per cent and 57 per cent, respectively; loan volumes, prices and quality in county areas better than the industry-wide average; the cost rate of deposit in county areas has been consistently below the industry-wide average, providing companies with sufficient high-quality assets for investment and low-yielding service entities with multiple parallels in the economy of the service entities, with significant results.
Among these, agricultural banks are active in setting up advanced manufacturing and emerging industries, making full use of the synergies of the agro-banking group, strengthening industrial cluster development, and building integrated “sending, lending, and apparel” integrated integrated enterprise integrated financial services systems. At the end of the month of 2023H1, agricultural banks’ lending balances in strategic and emerging industries exceeded $1.8 trillion, or 40 per cent more than at the end of the previous year.
Value-creating capacity has improved steadily, with asset quality at its best in almost a decade. 1) Steady performance has increased, with a strong expansion in asset size. Companies ' operating earnings and net return profits for the last three years have been in the third place in the State-owned major bank. 2023h1 battalion receipts have increased by 0.83 per cent compared to 0.83 per cent, and the net return has increased by 3.48 per cent compared to 3.48 per cent. The total asset growth and increase have been in the first place in the State-owned major.
The company’s capital is abundant, and active second-tier and sustainable debt is used to supplement capital at all levels, laying a solid foundation for lending. Downside pressure.
At the level of reasonable profit and net interest differentials, we believe that in the future, the pressure on bank net interest differentials is expected to be manageable, backed by a policy of adjustment of interest rates on deposits. Companies are actively seeking an optimal transformation of middle-level operations and increasing the capacity of integrated services. For example, as of the end of June 2023, the size of bank loans in agricultural banks has passed 2.5 trillion yuan, the highest comparable peer for five consecutive years, and the revenue from fees is the main driver of the growth in income from consultancy and consultancy operations.
3) Improved quality of assets and better level of provision: As of the end of June 2023, the agricultural banks ' poor rate, concern and overdue loan rates had fallen to their best level since 2014, with loans more than 90 days overdue and the proportion of overdue loans to non-performing loans being only 43.15 per cent and 72.95 per cent, all of which are among the lowest in the State sector, indicating that the criteria for the recognition of non-performing loans by agricultural banks are more stringent and the quality of assets is solid.
Second, there is a strong risk offset capacity. First, large State-owned rows in deep-cultivated districts, 1.1 corporate profiles: web-intensive, service “three farmers”
The Bank of Agriculture was born out of agriculture, with its own “three farmers” genes. Its predecessor dates back to the Agricultural Cooperation Bank, established in 1951. Its function is to serve the socio-economic rehabilitation and development of the rural economy of the new China, with its innate “three farmers” genes, which are inextricably linked to rural finance. In the early 1970s, the Bank of Agriculture went through different stages of development, such as the National Professional Bank, the State-owned and State-owned commercial banks, and the State-owned commercial banks: in 1993, the company began.
Integration with State-owned commercial banks: In 1994, the Agricultural Bank transferred most of its policy operations to the China Agricultural Development Bank: in 1999, the company stripped of its bad assets to the new Great Wall Asset Management Corporation: in 2007, the Third National Financial Work Conference clearly proposed the principles of the reform of the Agricultural Bank “for `three farmers', overall transformation, business operations and choice of opportunities”; in January 2009, the Agricultural Bank was transformed into a limited stock company; and in July 2010, the agricultural industry,
Agricultural banks are one of China’s main integrated financial service providers, working to build an international-class commercial banking group, with “the leading bank for rural revival” and “the main bank for the economy of the service entity” as the basis for the full implementation of the “three farmers”
The three main strategies of county, green finance, digital operations are that companies, with a comprehensive portfolio, large distribution networks and leading technological platforms, offer to customers rich corporate banking and retail banking products and services, as well as financial market operations and asset management, and cover areas such as investment banks, fund management, financial leasing, and life insurance.
The number of agricultural banking points is among the highest in the West. As of the end of June 2023, the number of agricultural banking points was 228,000, followed only by the Puerto Rico Bank (out of a total of 394,000, of which 7715 were self-employed and 317,000 were agents), and it was ahead of other State-owned banks: the number of agricultural banking points has shown a downward trend in recent years, rising in the first half of 2023, with the share of the total number of State-owned banking points remaining at 21 per cent.
The agricultural banking network is widely distributed in the region, with the western region having the largest number of points, the northeast with the smallest number of points, and the agricultural banks having the same overall characteristics as other countries, but its number in the western region exceeds 6,800 points, or close to 30 per cent, and its number and share are far greater than in the other major banks, with a clear advantage; the agricultural bank has only 13.2 per cent of its outlets in the long triangle, but it is the main area in which the agricultural sector is operating.
The Agricultural Bank has set up a separate sector service, the Three Agricultures, and has continued to improve the structure of the Ministry of Agriculture and Finance. The Agricultural Bank manages the “Three Agricultures” business at three levels: the Board of Directors is responsible for formulating development strategies and objectives and assessing risks and their implementation; the “Three Agricultures” Financial and Inclusive Development Board is responsible for developing financial policies and objectives.
In 2008, the Bank of Agriculture established the Ministry of Agriculture and Finance to provide comprehensive financial services to local clients; in 2016, the Bank of Agriculture optimized the system of operations of the Ministry of Agriculture and Finance; it created three agricultural channels centres and three agricultural Internet financial management centres, and established an organizational structure for the three centres.
Work is being done to improve the credit management mechanisms, capital management mechanisms, accounting mechanisms, risk allocation and clearance mechanisms, resource allocation mechanisms and assessment incentive mechanisms of the Ministry of Finance for the Three Agricultures and Inclusive Finance to effectively enhance the capacity and level of rural financial services revitalization.
1.2. Equity governance: State-owned holdings with a strong shareholder base Agricultural banks are a State-owned holding bank with a high concentration of shares. As of the end of June 2023, the number of registered shareholders in agricultural banks was 457.7 million, with the top 10 shareholders holding a combined 93.73 per cent share and a higher concentration of shares; Agricultural banks were State-owned and the top 10 shareholders were directly owned by State and State-owned legal entities
Shareholdings were as high as 84.23 per cent, with strong capital of the company ' s main shareholders; the first major shareholder in the firm was the money company, the money company and the wholly owned subsidiary.