Report & 2021q1 Quarterly Review 2020: Overperformance, Eye Dramatic Growth Event: Corporate Revenues of 119.12 billion yuan (+19.24 per cent) in 2020, Net Return to Mothers
In 2019, growth was 56%, 62%, and 87%. Performance exceeded our expectations.
See, even with the combined effects of the epidemic and mirage, corporate performance has continued to grow rapidly; the company has taken the lead in a chain of eye care services, and brand advantages and scale effects have continued to grow. Leaning and sightings have focused, and core hospital performance continues to increase rapidly.
In terms of service types, the share of income from the tangential surgery and visual services increased by 36.51% and 20.60%, respectively, by 23.17% and 27.15% respectively.
In particular, the company has increased its investment in the construction of the Chrysomology Unit to better meet the needs of patients for surgery.
In the case of Wuhan-Eil, there has been a negative increase in operating income, mainly due to the severe impact of the outbreak in Hubei province, the elimination of the Wuhan hospital data, and an increase of 18.08% in operating profits in the top nine hospitals.
1. El ophthalmology (300015): Operating good seasons, profit margin levels influence changes in the lower collection structure and, to some extent, increase the profit margin level
2 El ophthalmology (300015): Short-term testing of the epidemic, the ophthalmologist continues to move well ahead. With the impact of the epidemic, the company is still stable, its operations are disturbed by the epidemic, and its performance is high in the second quarter.
In 2020, the company accelerated the construction of a horizontal and city-level network of diagnostics, creating a “horizontal, vertical network” in many provinces. By the end of 2020, the company had 645 El ophthalmological institutions around the world, including 537 in China (listed companies).
The internationalization strategy continues with 234 under the umbrella of the Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund. In addition, the company’s “two-stop” medical education system, with the “Five Houses” at its core, continues to be upgraded, and the health management system continues to improve, helping to improve the quality of health care and services, and to raise brand power.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: company leader in ophthalmology and health services, well-established. Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board