Corporate Review Report  The pharmaceutical industry outperforms expectations, core business is growing fast.
Mon Yung Wei $1.5 (including taxes) to increase the capital fund by 3 shares per 10 shares. The 20-year performance in the first quarter of 2021 was in line with expectations, the recovery was visible in the second half of the year, with quarterly increases in profitability.
In terms of the Māori rate, 51% in 20 years, an increase of 1.7 pp in the same year. With 87.2% net profit without the impact of the epidemic, the company's performance is still high.
Rapid growth, beyond our expectations. Corporate performance is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, with a chain of ophthalmology services, a vast market for ophthalmology services and a growing branding advantage and scale effect.
Rapid growth of the Leanlight and Visual Services project, with core operations continuing to flourish in 2020, with companies accounting for 75,487 million outpatient visits (+13.89 per cent) and 6,947,000 surgeries. Rapid growth of Leather and Visual Services projects, generating income of $4,349 million, respectively
The rapid growth in hospital surgeries has been accompanied by an increase in the share of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, icl, over the next step, which has led to an increase in prices; on the other hand, the company has increased its investment in the construction of kryptonum rooms in local and district hospitals to better meet patients’ needs.
The reason for the significant increase in revenue for the project is that the company’s performance in improving light products promotes a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors, and that the youth’s near-visit control is driving up the influence of the Al ray brand. (2) Subregionally, China’s operating income is 3,869 million yuan.
(+10.61%) The impact of the outbreak in Hubei Province is increasing at a lower rate than the company as a whole; (+34.37%) mainly as a result of the rapid and steady growth of the company’s core hospitals, such as Guangzhou El, East Dynasty El, Hoover El, Shanghai El, and the increase in mergers and acquisitions.
On 9 July 2020, El ophthalmology repurchased and acquired 30 hospitals to provide a solid basis for the company's “secondary entrepreneurship.” At the same time, the vertical cascade network system in the provincial areas is constantly being completed, accelerating the process of establishing a multi-hospital and visual portal in the provincial capital city.
At the end of 2020, 146 hospitals in the company and 88 outpatient clinics. As the network continues to improve, the advantages and scale of the hierarchies are highlighted.
Innovation-driven, technology-Air, digital transformation is moving steadily forward in 2020, with companies moving forward with the Innovation-Driving, technology-Ale development strategy, dedicated to building technology-Ale, and contributing to high-quality corporate development. (1) School collaboration: the company built three Grand Bay Area core regional hospitals with the University of the South, and started to set up the University of the South-Air Eyes Institute.
Comprehensive cooperation with Anhui Medical University in the fields of co-construction of the satellite hospital, teaching research, etc.; cooperation agreement with the Institute of Computing Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to strengthen cooperation in the digital transformation of companies and in the development of smart equipment. (2) Scientific research platform: the company's first national innovation platform, the Post-Doctoral Research Workstation, was approved and two additional provinces were added.
Platforms for innovation: the Hunan Province Centre for Visual Engineering Research and the Hunan Province International Research and Technical Cooperation Base for Visual Visualization have been instrumental in facilitating the transformation of corporate research results: (iii) in the area of building the human resource system: our leading neurobiologist, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Professor Yang Yungli of the University of Ghadang, Shanghai, was hired as chief adviser to the El ophthalmology Education and Science and Technology Development Committee, and promoted the development of the human resource system.
Basic clinically oriented scientific research to upgrade corporate science and innovation capabilities. 2021q1, Shenzhen El, a subsidiary of the company, was approved to set up a post-doctoral innovation practice base in Shenzhen City, marking a major breakthrough in the development of the Shenzhen workforce, the discipline profession and the scientific research platform.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
He is familiar with the chain of innovation research and development and innovation services, and has a better understanding of the state of the pharmaceutical industry and changes in the industry chain. He joined the Chinese Galaxy Stock Exchange in 2018.