Quarterly review: rapid growth in core business, performance in the first quarter
(b) Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $48,402.01 million, or 509.88 per cent, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies net of non-recurring losses and losses
During the reporting period, the company ' s medical services generated business income of $8,233,80743,000, an increase of 17.39 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate of 49.28 per cent, an increase in the disposable income of our people over the same period last year, and the ophthalmology industry ' s boom.
In February-March, the company closed the hospital, and the number of ophthalmological outpatients and surgical operations dropped dramatically, leading to a significant increase in income during the season.
The ophthalmology and demand have not declined. The impact of the epidemic has gradually subsided, the demand for the ophthalmological market has been released, the company’s business has been rapidly restored, and the company’s performance has increased significantly in the past quarter.
Equity incentives locked in core talent. In 2021, the company issued a new equity incentive scheme, which awarded 60 million restricted shares, 1.46 per cent of the company's total stock, and the duration of the lockout.
21.52%, locking in high-quality talent for the company, and also highlighting the company ' s fast, sustainable development letter, the Air Capital Building ' s SMS Ltd., a world- and national-level regional ophthalmology centre.
The construction and expansion of the courthouse, including four expansion projects such as the relocation of Chang Shayell, Shen Yang Yill, and three new construction projects in Hubei El, Angel El, and Guizhou. We believe that the pace of company expansion continues as the overall outlook for the ophthalmology industry improves over the long term.
In the long run, it is expected that the company will be further scaled up to meet the market’s demand for ophthalmological health services, increase the company’s presence and enhance its performance. The industry will maintain a high profile, and the company will expand as the leading company in the ophthalmology sector.
Ongoing, with company-owned operations expected to continue with a rapid growth trend and buy-back