El ophthalmology (300015): Rapid recovery of performance, sustained acceleration of expansion Medical biology
178 million yuan, an increase of 20.09%. The company also publishes a quarterly report in 2021, the company's basics (latest) net profit of 484 million yuan, an increase of 509.88%. The company's performance is fast on a quarterly basis.
Businesses recovered well and profitability improved. During the reporting period, the company quickly resumed operations in the second half of the year; of this amount, 4.349 billion were collected by the Roughlight Project, while $1.200 billion (+84.3%) was collected by the immediate project and $1.20 billion (+8.43%) by the end of the period.
With $817 million in revenue (+17.45%), a 2454 million increase in sight services and an increase in the share of high-end surgery are expected to boost good growth in income-sides. From affiliates, mature hospitals such as Chang Shaa’il, Wuhan El and Chengdu El are receiving.
The net profit growth rate was 13.25 per cent, 11.21 per cent and 1.50 per cent, respectively, and the new hospitals acquired and acquired contributed to a certain increase in performance. During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori sales rate was 51.03 per cent (+1.73 pp) and the net interest rate on sales was 15.76 per cent.
In June of that year, the company successfully completed the build-up and acquired 30 hospitals. In recent years, the public administration has built hospitals through M&A funds and self-built hospitals, and the pace of national expansion has continued.
In April 21, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2021, which was extended to allow for a year-by-year release. The equity incentive was large, wide in scope, long in duration, and is expected to move forward.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.