A new development in the "second entrepreneurship" of El ophthalmology, Science, Technology and Innovation (STI) Auxiliary.
On April 23, El ophthalmology released its annual report for 2020, and the company has been operating throughout the year. ophthalmology issued its first quarterly report for 2021.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company’s performance was more affected by the epidemic, and as the epidemic improved, it gradually recovered steadily and maintained a more steady growth. The company’s annual outpatient coverage reached $7.55 million, with a profit of $4.349 billion, an increase of 23.17 per cent, and cataracts.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company performed very well, driven by the constant increase in brand influence and business size: operating income compared to the same period in 2019.
This represents an increase of 56.43 per cent; the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the deduction of the non-mortality were higher than in the same period in 2019, respectively, the “new decade” of fixed multipliers, the “most powerful” equity incentives, growth, the build-up of the share of high-end surgery in the context of the rising self-consumptions and the country's close control,
The promotion of blindness prevention policies and some of the company’s main business have led to an increase in prices. _aaa_El ophthalmology (300015) first-time coverage report.
In recent years, the company has continued to increase the breadth, depth and density of the country’s medical network, and has continued to improve the vertical chain network system in the provinces. In 2020, the company’s merger and repurchase took over 149 hospitals and clinics in the company’s territory.
To 93. We believe that the development of a national health network is conducive to increasing corporate profitability and sustainable development capacity and can provide a solid basis for the development of the New Decade.
The company has a number of leading offshore ophthalmology institutions, actively promoting overseas talent through internationalization platforms, bringing in, collaborating with international experts, marrying high-end service models and advanced medical technologies.
The Department's system of medical research is also being improved: in 2020, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of the South and the University of Medicine, Anhui, for all-round cooperation in areas such as human capacity development and teaching and scientific research; at the same time, the company's first national innovation platform, the Postdoctoral Research Workstation, was approved.
Establishment. The company actively explores multiple and diversified health services, on the one hand by actively developing individualized high-end services, in line with the trend towards higher levels of health consumption, and, on the other hand, by providing public goods to poor groups lacking the capacity to pay through the Eli's unique “offer-subsidization” model and efficient working mechanisms
philanthropy. The Global Resources+Medical Research Platform+Multilevel Services model will not only continue to enhance corporate STI capabilities, but will also enhance El's brand image and social impact, speed up the development and digital transformation of Internet medicine.
In recent years, the company has accelerated the construction of the Internet Smart Hospital, expanding its online service capacity. As of December 31, 2020, the company has built up a network of 89 hospitals with a system of online intelligence doctors, and patients have access to online hospitals for bookings, inter-patient settlements, etc.
In addition, the company's Medical Operations Cloud platform has successfully passed the third level of information security assessment. The application of artificial intelligence technology to eye care has also been steadily developing. The Internet+Med has not only strengthened the company's hierarchy, but has also been slow in the pharmaceutical power suppliers.
The emerging environment of models such as disease management systems provides new direction for corporate development. Risk factors: the risk of medical accidents, less rapid integration of mergers and acquisitions than expected, and the continued spread of the epidemic