"New Decade" development, "most powerful" equity, confidence-building, El ophthalmology review.
On 8 April, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2021, the first of which was awarded; the incentive scheme was valid for a maximum period of 78 months. On 27 March, the company issued a plan for the construction or relocation of seven hospitals, including Shanghai and Shenyang, to accelerate the use of the regional flagship hospital as a platform.
The “most powerful” equity incentive, wide coverage, long lock-in, deep benefit.
Since the company was listed, three equity incentive schemes have been implemented, targeting nearly 2,500 people. With the rapid growth of the company, the range of incentives has been further expanded: the number of incentives awarded for the first time was 4909, covering a quarter of the employees, nine of whom were directors and senior management.
Staff, 4900 mid-level managers and core cadres; number of restricted stocks to be awarded
The company's long-term incentives were further enhanced to effectively combine corporate interests with the individual interests of the core team, to fully motivate Ele's staff, help company New Decade, to focus on the upgrading of regional leading hospitals, and to consolidate the leading role of eye care services.
On March 26, the company announced a plan to raise up to $3.65 billion in funding for the construction and expansion of hospitals in priority cities such as Shanghai and Shenyang. In the context of population ageing, the recent high visibility of young people, and the need for ophthalmological care in the population,
The aim of this increase will be to further improve the company’s system of hierarchies, enhance the level of services and service capabilities, and hopefully raise the level of ophthalmology at the grass-roots level to that of local and municipal hospitals.
The strategic objectives of the New Decade lay a solid foundation.
:: Risk factors: risk of medical accidents, less advanced integration of mergers and acquisitions than expected, and persistence of the epidemic