The Center for Medical Health Research has launched an incentive program to provide long-term lock-in for confidence, which has been implemented three times, involving nearly 2,500 people.
1. Launching of the " Increase Plan " , which created seven regional ophthalmology units, which has developed rapidly, with a further expansion of the scope of incentives, with the number awarded for the first time alone exceeding the previous sum by two times the total; the proportion of employees covered is one quarter, based on the total number of active employees disclosed in the 2019 annual report.
The incentive plan can be fully unlocked for up to 78 months, with conditions that balance company performance with individual performance: the first restricted stock award will be released at a rate of 20% per year per year.
In addition, the company voluntarily added an additional sales limit period to all of the incentive subjects, i.e., six months longer than the original limited sales period.
If the award is assumed to take place in June 2021, the first grant of this incentive will be for the total amortization of restricted stocks, the risk of medical accidents, the recurrent impact of the epidemic on operations, and the integration of new hospitals into the expected risks.
This draft incentive is wide-ranging...to highlight the firm's confidence in long-term development  On April 8, the company announced a draft restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2021 to award restricted stocks to 9 executives and 4909 middle managers and core cadres.
Since the company was listed in 2009, three equity incentives have been implemented, covering nearly 2,500 persons. With the company’s rapid growth, the range of incentives has been further expanded, with the number awarded for the first time alone exceeding the previous total; it is calculated by the total number of active employees disclosed in the 2019 report.
The incentive is long enough to be fully unlocked for a maximum of 78 months, with the first limited stock award being set aside at 20% per year.
If the reserved portion is awarded in 2021, the release period and the release schedule for each award of the restricted share is the same as for the first award:  If the reserved portion is granted in 2022, the release period and each is reserved for the award of the restricted stock. ]
▪ In addition, the company has voluntarily added an additional sales limit period for all current incentives, i.e., six months beyond the original limited sales period, to highlight the company's confidence in future development.
The expected restrictive stock performance targets  Annual performance appraisals of restricted stocks reserved for award if the reserved portion is awarded in 2021 are consistent with the first award:
If the reserved portion is awarded in 2022, the sales limit is set at four meetings per fiscal year for 2022-2025.
Chart 6: Expected impact of restrictive stock implementation on business performance of various periods
Overall improvement in brand influence, core competitiveness and profitability. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment