Advanced process evolution drive report 688012.sh Continuous validation for advanced logic nodes; 2) membrane sediment product lines at lpcvd, ald, metal fences, metal tungsten, etc.
We believe that the value premium should be given as a result of the breakthrough in key processes, the new product is now entering the scale release phase, and there is a scarcity in the semiconductor equipment industry. The industry and the company are the leading manufacturers of Chinese front-track core process equipment, and the corrosion product coverage is roughly ccp and icp.
At the industry level, the global semiconductor equipment market will continue to recover in 2024-2027, and we expect the market size to run from 2024 to 2024.
US$ 125.5 billion increased to US$ 150.5 billion in 2027, and capr = 11.3% in China’s mainland market expansion and key scenarios: 1) multi-figured and 3d storage structure driven by corrosion and increased demand for membrane sediment equipment. As the logical system moves from 7nm to 5nm and below, and 3dnand layers move from 100+ to 200+ and singledeck
In two/threedecks, the number of single crystal disc steps and equipment sam are up about 1.7-2. We believe that the company, thanks to technological advances in key nodes such as corrosion at high depths, metal fences and tungsten filling sediments, has a stronger ability to absorb the structural increases resulting from advanced magnification.) The membrane deposition operation is in a scalding phase, with new updates.
At the same time, the silicon and sige extension (epi) equipment has been imported into the volume certification chain of head customers, and the extension product line has been moving faster from R&D to commercialization. We assume that sedimentation has given rise to a different perception from the market: the market has focused more on the national production substitution process, but we think that the company's performance over the next three years is more likely to be positive.
The key drivers are more likely to come from advanced logic and high-level 3dnand holdings on deep-wide, homogeneity and material structure.
The evolution has led to a structural sam upgrading of the corrosion and membrane sediments; in the two main processes, the company production control wave 2025-12-2 has entered the core process validation and bulk application phase with a relatively clear base of benefit.
Catalysts for stock price performance: company line release of thin film sediment products; company advanced process validation acceleration; China’s mainstream crystallized plant capital expenditure overhaul; and ai-driven survivative investment. Power risks, and the success of new products are not as high as expected.
Small process, with "engine" as the sword, the leading supplier of front-track semiconductor equipment in China, with etching equipment as the core.
It covers critical process equipment such as ccp, icp, mocvd, lpcvd, ald, and epi. It has been used for production at the world’s first-line crystal circle, covering 65 nm to 5 nm and more advanced stages, and maintaining a leading share in the led and powerware mocvd markets.
The company’s equity structure is dominated by industrial capital and its institutional holdings are fragmented. The company’s first two shareholders have limited investment in Shanghai’s entrepreneurship, with a share ratio of 14.93 per cent and 12.33 per cent, respectively, exceeding 27 per cent.
Local industry capital underpins the company’s long-term development. The rest of the shareholders are dominated by the Hong Kong Central Bank Limited, the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (phase II) and the multi-purpose fund, with a more balanced shareholding of a single institution.
The company is engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, generating income and profits through the sale of corrosion equipment, film equipment and mocvd equipment, and the provision of spare parts and services to manufacturing companies that manufacture semiconductor products such as downstream integrated circuits, led outer slices, first encapsulation, mems, etc.
1.2 The company provides etching equipment, mocvd equipment, film sedimentation equipment and other equipment, the main product of which is the manufacture of semiconductor products such as integrated circuits, led extensions, power devices, mems, etc.
The overall business structure of the company is concentrated in the equipment home, and the company’s profits are directly related to the size of the core equipment. The revenue and profits of the department in 2024 were largely driven by specialized equipment, which accounted for 86.2% of the revenue and 83.5% of the profit.
The company continues to expand the product of the semiconductor equipment and expands its product coverage advantages. While maintaining the continuity of core equipment, such as integrated circuit etching, thin membrane deposition, the company is expanding simultaneously into the broad semiconductor area, and the product line has been expanded from ic equipment to a variety of processes, such as led, mems, powerware, display panels, solar cells, etc.
To achieve a multi-species, multi-sphere integrated semiconductor equipment platform from a single front-track equipment supplier. The different demand cycles of multiple product lines help smooth the industry’s landscape and capture wider orders in different downstream extension cycles, leading to a more resilient growth base.
Figure 8: Strategic layout of MSMEs ' products 1.3 Financial performance: high growth, sustained growth in R & D inputs, starting with bulk delivery, providing a second boost to income growth. 2025, high levels of advanced storage
Research and development (R & D) inputs for new products, such as epi, have risen significantly, while overall profit performance has gradually returned to a stable growth path, thanks to a lack of investment returns in 2023, with a net profit of 1.211 billion yuan, an increase of 32.7 per cent over the same period, with a return to profits brought by adequate hand orders, corrosive and membrane equipment.
At the beginning of the time, the Māori rate was slightly lower than that of mature business such as corrosion equipment; (2) some of the new products were still in the certification phase, with high manufacturing costs, while some of the market expansion strategies led to a one-size-fits-all profit margin. Nevertheless, the Māori rate remains relatively stable at the present time, as the membrane-seding equipment matures and the scale effects are reflected.
Research and development inputs remain strong, and operational efficiency continues to improve. Companies maintain high levels of research and development inputs, with research and development costs of 2025q3 reaching 22.3%, focusing mainly on advanced corrosion platforms, a new generation of sediment equipment and outreach products.
The cost structure of high R & D and low operating costs reflects the typical technology-driven attributes of the company and short-term suppression of net interest rates, but is conducive to the company’s continuing to strengthen its product power in its future competition in advanced areas of production. 2. Logic and storage scenes are rising, and China’s semiconductor equipment market is growing strongly
2.1 The global semiconductor market continues to warm and is expected to break out of the trillion-dollar scale by 2027. The global semiconductor market is projected to reach $631 billion a year, an increase of 19.7 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of storage price rebounds and a related demand pull. Market size is expected to grow further to $772 billion in 2025.
The global semiconductor market growth in 2025-2026 will be concentrated in logic and storage. According to Wsts, the logical market is expected to grow by 37.1% in 2025 and 32.1% in 2026, respectively, and we believe that it is driven mainly by ai-driven high-performance calculations and advanced processes; the storage market is more dynamic with price and cycle restoration.
For power, the growth rate is expected to be 39.4% in 2026, and we believe that this trend is driven mainly by the demand of the dram/hbm and the gradual recovery of production capacity of the Nand factory after supply has been cleared. For the subregion, semiconductor markets have been highly fragmented, with strong growth in the Americas and Asia and the Pacific.
This is a 24.9% increase compared to the 2026 average. The Americas market is also expected to increase at a similar rate, and in 2025 it is expected to increase at a similar rate, which is expected to increase at the same rate: numpersinthetableareroundedtowhollemillionsofdollars, whichmaycausetotalsbyregionand
The growth of semiconductor equipment markets in mainland China has remained strong - the global semiconductor equipment market will continue its recovery trend in 2027, with industry growing from $125.5 billion in 2024.
By 2026, $159.9 billion, equivalent to approximately 9.1 per cent for cagr, we assumed that the same year-on-year increase of 9.0 per cent would be maintained in 2027, corresponding to the global semiconductor equipment market of $150.5 billion.) China’s mainland market is expected to increase from $49.1 billion in 2024 to 2027, driven by the global crystallization plant expansion and national production substitution.)
Between US$ 393.8 billion and cagr about 4.1 per cent, China's semiconductor equipment market has an incremental focus on etching and sedimentation.
The current light engraving machine is limited by light wavelength and requires multiple template processes combined with etching and thin film equipment, using etching processes to achieve smaller dimensions, further increasing the importance of corrosion technology and associated equipment. The chip structure is typically composed of three parts: the bottom transistor, the middle contact layer and the upper metal interconnection layer.
1) Transistors perform switch functions; 2) contact layers achieve electrical connections between transistors and interlocking layers; 3) metal interconnections are made up of multiple layers of polar copper conductors, with a chip often containing 9-12 layers of metal fabric. Prior to 28nm, the optical process was still relatively straightforward, and the graphics could be imaged on the crystal circle through a set of mask plus one exposures.
is a standard single heavy pattern process. From the 20nm node, the device size is reduced, the wire density is increased, and the single mask contains a physical resolution limit close to 193nm immersed light, and the single exposure is difficult to secure. In this context, multiple patterns are necessary to break through resolution bottlenecks.
Multiple patterns recreate the technical pathways of the original high-density structure on the crystal circle by dissecting two or more of the high-density graphics that were originally concentrated on a single mask and completing multiple exposures and etchings separately. At nodes like 10 nm/7nm, key metal layers generally use 193 nm immersed light in combination with double-mixing (lelele).
Litho-etch-litho-etch), the line range can be reduced to about 38 nm; it also needs to be extended to triple-m in higher density (lelelele). The whole process consists of: sedimentation of films outside the heart structure at the initial nuclear level, carving out of the first round of walls, removing the core structure, and depositing thinner outer film and carving it.
In the second round, the side wall is eroded and the previous side wall is finally removed, with the narrowest target graphics retained. The original graphic transfer was dismantled into multiple rounds of exposure and etching, the number of etchings multiplied, and the process window was significantly narrowed, with higher requirements for deep width, physical consistency and side wall control.
The three-dimensional structure is the advanced process main path, with the intensity of etching and sedimenting needs rising, as the process progresses towards physical limits, the transistor evolves from a three-dimensional structure of flat-looking finfet, gaa and even cfet.
An etching chain. According to appliedmatures, when the process moves from 3xnm, 1xnm to 3d, the sediment and the etching input are multiplied. According to lamresearch, the reliance of different processes on the sedimentation and etching equipment during the process evolution is significant.
Upgraded, the input intensity of the serviceable market (sam) relative to the overall wfe of the unit crystal circle shows a structural rise. Of these, 3dnands move from 100+ to 200+ and multipledeck structures, the number of sediment-carving loops processed between the dots and layers increases significantly, and the corresponding unit crystalline deposition + etching device
Sam is about 1.8 times higher; dram is about 1.7 times higher in the context of the increasing complexity of the caption and stacking structure and the need to carve it up; advanced logic/foundry follows the Finfetgaacfet structure, with graphic density increases and the increase in the number of interlocking layers significantly pushing the key processes hartech, ald, etc.
, the unit crystal round sam is raised by about 2.0 times.
3.3 The company is expected to have a technical depth and customer validation advantage, and we believe that the company has the capability to supply the best domestic production from technological accumulation, product systems to customer certification, and is one of the semiconductor equipment manufacturers that benefits from a structural increase, in the context of an upswing in corrosion and sediment demand.
Over 20 years of deep-deep etching technology, the company has formed 18 complete etching systems covering ccp, icp, single/double-reaction stations, and has deposited a large amount of mass production and validation data capable of providing full coverage of different process windows in advanced processes.) In the logical chip area, the company's 12 inch high-level etching machine has been 65nm-5nm and even more.
Advanced nodes stabilize output and complete several critical energy upgrades for 5 nm and below, achieving international mainstream levels in accuracy, homogeneity, pollution control and cavity matching, some of which have become core equipment for advanced logical lines. The company is also developing the next generation etching platform simultaneously to meet higher etching choices and more stringent cavities.
2) In the area of storage, the company equipment has been applied on a large scale to the 3dnand and dram gates, deep silicon etching, for 40:1 mask etching and 60:1 medium etching, for ultra-high-high-threshold wide-area construction capability. The icp/ccp type with ultra-low-frequency trax frequency has stabilized on the country's most advanced storage line.
All right, provide core production capacity support for top-level nand, next-generation dram iteratives. 3) In addition to mainstream front-track applications, companies continue to extend to advanced encapsulations, power devices, mems, metalens, etc., to enter the R & D and test chain by working with global dragons to further expand penetration of etching technology in the wider application landscape.
Profit forecasting and valuation analysis 4.1 Income and Māori assumption 1) Specialized equipment operations: companies have a mature production certification base in advanced logic and storage processes with a high depth
The rate of increase in income is estimated to be 34.1%/33.3%/27.3% in 25/27, respectively, based on product structure optimization (e.g., dual-reaction platform etching platform, metalline sediment equipment as a percentage of the supply chain) and efficiency of the supply chain.
Increase in the rate, with the Māori ratio of specialized equipment expected to rise from 41.0 to 42.0 per cent, and profit elasticity mainly from the increased unit value and marginal contribution of advanced processes. 2) Spare parts operations: spare parts operations are highly correlated with loading and crop activity, as clients expand production and stock
The cost structure is relatively simple, with cost increases of 48 per cent and revenue, with spare parts operations becoming more stable for the overall Māori rate and making a profitable contribution as loads continue to expand Service income operations: as corporate equipment delivery continues to increase, software and service-type income increases.
The circular plant has been continuously validated, applying advanced logical nodes; 2) the membrane sediment product lines have broken through key processes such as lpcvd, ald, metal fences, gold tungsten, and new products have gradually entered the scale release phase, which is scarce in the semiconductor equipment industry, and we believe that a certain value premium should be given.
1) Advanced process certification does not meet the expected risks: production of core etchings, film depositions and extended equipment at advanced nodes The slow pace of validation may affect the release rhythm of counter-orders. 2) Downstream crystal mill expansion does not meet the expected risks: global and domestic logic, storage extension plans are delayed or scaled up,
This will affect the intensity of demand for front-line equipment. (3) Increased competition and price pressure risk: the acceleration of competition between domestic and foreign equipment manufacturers in key processes may lead to a gradual volatility in single-organic prices and Māori rates.
4) The risk that new products will climb less well than expected: new platforms such as membrane sedimentation, pi will climb less quickly than expected into the mass production cycle, which may disturb short-term profitability.