Just a compliment on the depth reports of the non-financial companies.
Core equipment technology leads, R & D and team build-up roots Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Technical barriers are deep, core products are replaced by national production. Medium and Micro is a national semiconductor high-end equipment leader, core product
The technical strength of the equipment covered with plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment and film deposition equipment is at the forefront of the industry. In the area of etching equipment, as of 2025h1, ccp etching equipment accumulated over 4,500 stations; and in the icp etching equipment accumulated
Close to 1,200 response stations, with binovalux-cryo etc. duplicated orders. The mocvd equipment is a global leader in the field of nitrogenification, and the Prismounimax type dominates the market for high-end mini-leds, while advancing the development of nitrous and carbonated silicone device equipment, with a new generation of power equipment expected to enter client certification in 2025.
The membrane sediment equipment has been rolled out with six products, tungsten series coverage storage and logical critical applications, metal fence series products with internationally advanced performance, an original scheme with a 60:1 deep-width-to-fill breakthrough, multiple types of products with orders for head-to-head production, and continued consolidation of the technical voice of national production equipment.
R & D and team-driven growth is strong. The company has built a core team of internationalists, highly educated people, and its founder, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, has more than 30 years of semiconductor equipment experience, with 1,190 R & D staff in 2024, representing 47.98 per cent of the total workforce, and a 54.71 per cent ratio, with a strong interdisciplinary technological reserve.
At the same time, the company guarantees long-term innovation and performance growth through the award of up to 12 million restricted shares and the approval of the average value of the target anchored growth rate in the industry. In the first half of 2025, the company collected $4,961 million, the return to the mother ' s net profit of $706 million, and Ipcvd.
United States dollars, corrosion equipment as a core link (gartner data show 22 per cent in 2022), global semiconductor corrosion equipment market estimated at $25.61 billion in 2024, cagr projected at 7.6 per cent in 2024-2029, i, 5g, 3dnand, etc., driving etching process complexity and equipment demand increased, and 3dnand evolved into a thousand layers of stacking.
On the domestic market, semiconductor equipment in mainland China has increased rapidly in terms of national production. The company leads the country’s corrosion plant, Nan Chang, Shanghai border base, Guangzhou, Chengdu base is planned to land.
A step-by-step process that supports the expansion of production capacity, with a three-dimensional 3-dimensional development strategy, is expected to continue to benefit from the expansion of domestic crystal mills in competition with global technology, with long-term growth with a higher degree of certainty. The annual average is estimated at 102.36 times, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, given MSMEs’ vandal status as corrosion equipment.
Multiply. We've selected micro-sourced, technotech as comparable companies, measured an average valuation of 102.36 times that of comparable companies in the same industry in 2025, maintaining a “buy-in” rating given the position of MSMEs at the cutting edge of corrosion equipment. 1) Marketing of specialized equipment operations: benefiting from continuous expansion of downstream crystal circle plants and national production of response lines.
Further upscaling is expected to continue to benefit the company, in addition to the company ' s continued promotion of high-end product upgrading, the downstream customer importation process is well under way, and the company ' s related business is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, assuming sales (2) sales of spare parts: based on sound growth in the specialized equipment industry and counterpart to the company ' s spare parts business,
And the services revenue business is also expected to grow steadily, and we assume that two operations will have a similar income end in 2025-2027, with MSMEs leading the technology for corrosion, mocvd and membrane sedimentation, multiple machine-types that are recognized by their clients and measured to build core competitiveness.
At the industry level, the global market for semiconductor equipment, the national alternative space for domestic corrosion equipment, and corporate capacity.
A better layout is expected to benefit from industry development, with downstream clients expanding less than expected, R & D risk, upstream supply chain risk.
The path of technological innovation from etching and mocvd The China-based and global focus of SME has been on autonomous R & D and industrialization of semiconductor high-end equipment in order to continue to lead the development of new microprocessing technologies in the country.
The company, based on years of technological accumulation and new breakthroughs, has gradually developed a system of equipment covering the integrated circuits, the general semiconductor industrial chain. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of high-end semiconductor equipment and the general semiconductor equipment. The company is targeting the world’s technological frontier, based on the manufacturing of semiconductor equipment.
Since 2017, the company has been the largest supplier of mocvd equipment in the nitrous silicone market, firmly holding a leading position in the industry.
Autonomous innovation, with MSMEs steadily upgrading their product competitiveness and service capabilities.
As the microscales continue to shrink, the structure and process is undergoing profound changes. The memory has evolved from a 2d to a 3d structure, resulting in a significant increase in the importance of etching and membrane processes and a rapid increase in demand for related equipment.
As of 2025h1, the company was working on six broad categories of equipment, totalling more than 20 new products, and research and development was progressing well. The company continued to target the technological frontier of global semiconductor equipment, steadily advancing the Three-D Stereodevelopment Strategy, or Deep Farm Integration.
In the direction of core equipment, such as corrosion, thin film, mocvd, corporate R & D and market openings have made breakthroughs, new products have continued to be recognized by customers both within and outside the country, supporting robust growth. At the same time, companies are actively engaged in extended layouts, micro-medication under the flag, micro-smuggling, microscopic chains, kernels, and participation.
In terms of industrialization, Nanchang and Shanghai, the Hong Kong R & D production base has been put into operation and the construction of the headquarters building is well under way. In addition, the company will build new production and R & D bases in Guangzhou and Chengdu Highlands to guarantee R & D and capacity expansion over the next 10 years.
Three-dimensional 3-D development strategy, with a strong leadership position, provides a solid foundation for long-term sustainable development.
The company’s core technical team has accumulated deep industry experience and technological excellence in semiconductor equipment, and is a key force for sustained innovation and development. Dr. Yoon, founder, chairman and managing director, has more than 30 years of experience in the global semiconductor core and equipment industry, and is one of the key drivers of the industrialization of plasma etching technology.
Most of the people and core technical members are senior technical and managerial specialists who have made outstanding contributions to industry’s development for decades. They bring a wealth of technological accumulation and management experience to the company.
A major shareholder, Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investment Ltd., is controlled by the Shanghai National Investment Commission, holding 14.93% of shares, and the second largest shareholder, Shanghai Investment Ltd., holding 12.94%. Companies have continued to improve long-term incentives, and restrictive stock incentives have been introduced on several occasions.
Sexual stock incentive schemes, with 8.8 million shares, covering 1798 employees, or 99.72%, show a stronger share of 2,470 persons for the first time. Through large-scale equity incentives, companies bind core management, R & D cadres to the depth of their long-term growth, enhancing team cohesion and stability and helping to safeguard the company ' s ownership of high-intensity R & D inputs.
1.3. High-speed growth of firms, R & D-driven growth, will continue to be the main source of revenue: lpcvd equipment revenues of $199 million, a significant increase of 608.19 per cent over the same period, and rapid release of new products,
It is an important force to boost overall income. With the rise in the turnover of core products and client recognition, corporate net interest rates remain at around 14%, while overall profitability remains robust and laying the groundwork for subsequent technological breakthroughs and market expansion.
A sustained increase in R & D inputs and a build-up of higher cost rates during the period have resulted in a certain strain on overall profitability. Overall, while high-intensity R & D spending has put pressure on net interest rates in the short term, the company ' s M & A rate has remained high, showing high profitability, with a peak of $7,812 million, which remains the core of revenue; and the sales of spare parts for the support package has generated revenues of $1,164 million, or about the ratio.
13%, providing a steady supplement to corporate income; services revenue of 90 million yuan, a relatively low share. Large, but overall, there is a trend towards gradual improvement, with a build-up of sufficient reserves of monetary capital, which gives companies a stronger financial security capacity in terms of sustained additions to R & D inputs, expansion of productive capacity, and market openings.
Adequate cash flows provide firm support for companies to continuously increase their R & D inputs, speed up the import of new products and raise their share of the international market in high-end equipment, and enhance their ability to withstand the volatility of the industry cycle, laying the foundation for subsequent business expansion and strategic landings.
China-Micro focuses on the development, production and marketing of high-end semiconductor microprocessors, the main product of which covers the three main categories of plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment, and film deposition equipment. The company was first introduced into the market with corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment, and gradually expanded to a variety of film deposition equipment such as lpcvd, ald, etc., which is widely used in advanced integrated circuits,
Power devices, led, new displays, and mems. With sustained technological innovation and high-intensity R & D inputs, companies have installed and certified large amounts of equipment in their first-class customers at home and abroad, and have evolved into a product system covering multiple core processes.
2.1. ccp+icp co-development and continuous expansion of the etching line Company ' s corrosion equipment product system is well developed and is divided mainly into two categories: ccp (the capacitation coupling plasma) and icp (the induction coupling plasma). According to the 2024 report, the company developed a modifiable electrode spacing ccp carving.
The corrosion engine prmosd-rie has entered the country's leading logical chip manufacturing client and the initial electrical certification has been passed; the icp etching equipment is produced on the line of more than 50 customers covering such chips and devices as logic, dram, 3dnand, power and power management, and microelectric systems, and continues to validate more icp etching processes.
Chart 10: Corporate ccp.icp-products machine-type maps The company continues to lead in the area of ccp etching equipment with product lines covering multiple types of dual-reaction stations and single-reaction tables.
The products of the company ' s ccp etching equipment, such as the two-reaction counters, Primoad-rie, Primoad-rie-e and the single-reaction station, Primohd-rie, have been widely applied to the production lines of domestic and foreign front-line customers for high-precision selection, the single-reaction counter product, Primohd-rie, and the primoud-rie, which is used in the ultra-high-wide-break etching process.
Client orders were obtained on an ongoing basis, of which Primohd-rie accumulated over 120 stations in the first half of 2025, and Primo ud-rie accumulated close to 200 stations. By the first half of 2025, the cumulative load of ccp etching equipment exceeded 4,500 stations, an increase of over 900 stations over the same period in 2024.
In the first half of the year, the accumulated installed machine breached 3,300 stations. The single-reaction table product has made sustained breakthroughs in key processes in recent years, intercepting nearly 1,200 stations by the first half of 2025.
In recent years, the company ' s icp etching equipment has been growing at a high rate, with a cumulative load of over 1025 stations in 2024, increasing at an average rate of over 100 per cent per year over the past four years and approaching 1,200 stations by the first half of 2025.
The mocvd equipment, as core equipment for the semiconductor extension of compounds, has an irreplaceable place in the preparation of thin-film materials such as optical appliances, power devices, etc. The company continues to maintain the international nitrogen-based mocvd market ahead of its years of technological accumulation. According to the semi-annual report of 2025, the company’s prismoa7 for blue light, its prismohit3 for deep UV light,
And the continued stabilization of clients such as Prismounimax for Mini-Led displays, where Prismo unimax is widely recognized and is in the lead internationally in high-end displays of outer-extension markets, thanks to its high-yield and wavelength homogeneity advantages. In terms of emerging applications, companies are actively following up on the rapid growth in demand for power devices, followed by the introduction of nitrochemical silicon in 2022.
The company is developing a new generation of equipment to further enhance performance, reduce costs, and is expected to enter the client certification process in 2025. At the same time, the company has initiated the development of extension equipment for carbonated silicon devices and achieved a phased technological breakthrough, with some prototypes delivered to leading domestic customers.
In addition, the company carried out research and development on the use of mocvd equipment in red and yellow led, and the laboratory results were good. Chart 13: Prismounimaxmocvd Equipment Diagram 2.3. Flaming Sediment Devices: Product Systems Perfect, Full Overlay Storage and Logical Application
The company has successfully developed and marketed six membrane deposition devices covering tungsten tungsten tungsten products such as cvd, hartungsten and aldtungsten, as well as ald titanium nitrous, ald aluminium and ald tantalum tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten.
All metal interconnection applications and three-dimensional storage fonts are in use, and customer duplicate production orders are obtained; at the same time, the product series also applies to the tungsten contact puncture process of advanced logical processes, some of which are in the logical customer validation stage.
3.1. The global semiconductor equipment market of hundreds of billions of dollars, which accounts for a significant share of the global semiconductor equipment market, is growing rapidly, and the global market size of hundreds of billions of dollars. The semi data show that 2024 is the year of the whole.
The global semiconductor equipment market grew particularly robustly in the first three quarters of 2024, with sales increasing by 18.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the rise of the tidal wave and the rapid pace of downstream consumption of electronics, physical networking, industrial interconnection, automotive electronics, among other things, with the Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry predicting global semiconductor equipment sales in 2025.
China’s integrated circuits and general semiconductor industries have continued to flourish in recent years. As a result of government efforts and industry efforts, national production and foreign equipment are shrinking rapidly compared to the size of semiconductor equipment, its performance and large-scale production capacity, their rapid development and initial size, and the global share of semiconductor equipment markets in China’s mainland is rising year by year.
According to the Yoleg group, mainland China is expected to become the world’s largest semiconductor crystal-crystal generation centre by 2030, with a projected increase of 21% to 30% of global total installed capacity from 2024. Global semiconductor etching equipment is driven by long-term benefits such as the ai, 5g, and the increased complexity of processes.
The market is maintaining strong growth momentum. Ramresearch studies show a strong demand for etching and other crystallized plant equipment under multiple pulls, starting with increased long-term benefits such as artificial intelligence, 5g, and material networking. Moreover, the complexity of manufacturing advanced semiconductor devices continues to increase rapidly, resulting in increased equipment capacity in all market segments.
According to the data, the global market for semiconductor etching equipment is projected to be $25.61 billion in 2024, and is projected to reach $36.94 billion by 2029, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.60 per cent over the projected period (2024-2029).
Intelligence studies indicate that in the semiconductor equipment market, corrosion equipment is more powerful, with an estimated market share of about 44 per cent in 2024, and that the main reason for its prominence is that it will increase by about 5 per cent from the year 2029 for different parts of the semiconductor device. Behind this strong growth is the widespread use of multiple crystalline silicon in a variety of applications.
At the same time, the continuous upgrading of high-performance storage systems, as well as the growing complexity of semiconductor storage systems, have further boosted expansion in this area. China’s rapid increase in domestic production and space for corrosion equipment.
By contrast, high-end areas like lighting are still constrained, but as U.S. export controls accelerate dependence on indigenous equipment, policy and capital support, and national production.
3.2.3dnand: High-wide corrosion equipment has become a key bottle for breaking physical limits. 3dnand technology has become a core storage program for high-speed data growth.
In recent years, the storage chip industry has achieved a gb/mm2 density breakthrough by increasing the number of storage units and the number of places stored in each unit. Its medium charge capture unit has become a key technology cut-off point - the charge stored in the insulated silicone layer.
An electrostatic coupling of less units provides the basis for microscalation. The vertical glucose structure of the all around the fence (gaa) becomes the industry standard: the stacking of the conductor layer and insulation layer at the time of manufacture, and the drilling of deep holes through high-precision dry etching tools, which eventually deprecates the ino-coated medium into a "carrying powder channel." This process sets the first stringent threshold for the deep-hole processing capacity of the corrosion device.
The number of stacks moves to the limit of the reconstructed manufacturing process in thousands of layers. The main manufacturer has now rolled out a 3dnand flash chip with more than 300 layers of oxidation/twice stacks. According to techsugar, this figure is expected to reach 1,000 layers by 2030, corresponding to a storage density of about 100 gbit/mm2. The challenge is that the diameter of the vertical chain in the 30 m thick stacks is virtually non-existent.
However, maintaining the homogeneity of all structures in such a narrow space would lead to a sharp increase in process complexity and cost, which would pose a serious challenge to the sedimentation of high stacks and the depth-wide etching steps. Tier stacking techniques (e.g., synthesizing four 250-storey single-megagram structures) would relieve individual process pressures, but would require repeated deep-hole etching and filling on multiple stacks.
Any cavity deforms the storage unit. This need to maintain aperture consistency in the super-high-threshold-wide structure makes the accuracy of plasma control of the corrosive device a key watershed in measuring production success or failure. 3.3. Continuous extension research and development, driving core technology breakthroughs.
The company maintains an autonomous R & D model. The company ' s R & D process consists of conceptual and feasibility, alpha, Beta, and mass production phases, and sets up independent R & D teams based on different products such as etching, film, mocvd, maintaining independence in mechanical design, process development, product management, sharing in areas such as electrical engineering, platform engineering, software engineering, etc., and forming matrix management mechanisms.
This model has improved the efficiency of R & D resource allocation and enhanced the ability to jointly validate and develop processes with clients. By 2025h1, the company ' s research and development of a large number of new equipment is progressing well and client certification is performing well.
With high-intensity R & D investment in the internationalized workforce, companies have made continuous breakthroughs in core products such as corrosion equipment, membrane sedimentation, and mocvd equipment, and have accumulated a wealth of patent and industrial experience. This R & D system not only guarantees the continuous iterative upgrading of company products, but also consolidates their competitive advantage in the field of high-end semiconductor equipment.
4. Profit forecasting and rating 1) sales of specialized equipment operations: companies are expected to continue to benefit from the continued expansion of downstream crystal-crys mills and a gradual increase in the degree of domesticization of counterlines. In addition, companies continue to promote high-end product upgrading, and downstream customer imports are progressing well.
2) Sales of spare parts operations: depending on the sound development of the specialized equipment major industry, the counterpart to the company spare parts business and the services revenue business are also expected to develop robustly. We assume that the revenue growth of the two operations in 2025-2027 is expected to stabilize at the same rate as that of comparable companies, with comparable technology measuring an average valuation of 102.36 times that of comparable companies in 2025 in the same industry, given that the average value of the two operations is moderate and moderate.
The company maintains a “buy-in” rating for corrosion equipment. 1) Downstream customer expansion risks less than expected: in recent years, chip crystals and led chip manufacturers have carefully expanded production. It cannot be excluded that subsequent investments in downstream crystals and led chip manufacturers are less than expected, and that the procurement requirements for related equipment are less than anticipated.
The weakening will affect the volume of orders placed by companies, which in turn will have a negative impact on their performance. (2) R & D risks: the company's semiconductor equipment industry is technology-intensive, and the development of semiconductor critical equipment involves plasma physics, radio frequency and microwave, structural chemistry, micromolecular dynamics, spectroscopy and energy spectrometry, vacuum machines
The combined application of a wide range of scientific and technological and engineering disciplines, such as transfer, is characterized by rapid product technological upgrading, large R & D inputs, long R & D cycles, and high R & D risks. The leading semiconductor equipment companies abroad invest heavily in R & D. The total amount of R & D investment by companies differs significantly from the leading semiconductor companies abroad.
Failure to meet technological upgrading needs may result in the risk of corporate technology being overtaken or replaced, and upstream supply chain risks to companies’ future business performance: in recent years, with the accelerating digital transformation of the global economy and daily life, the semiconductor industry has maintained a high-stakes cycle and a tight supply chain for semiconductor devices.
In the future, if the upstream supply chain capacity tension continues, companies will be provided with an appendix: Summary of Financial Forecasts. My personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers are presented.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.