China Micro Company (688012): Nationally produced corrosion equipment leads, thin film business is ready for launch.
Manufacturers of semiconductor products, such as mems, provide equipment such as etching, film deposition, mocvd.
Plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to the advanced process production lines of international first-line chip manufacturers; in the area of film deposition, the lpcvd and ald equipment successfully developed by the Division in recent years have been certified by clients, with multiple products entering the market and receiving large quantities of duplicate orders. In the area of general semiconductor equipment, the company ' s nitrogenated mocvd equipment has maintained a global lead with the global semiconductor.
In addition, the industry has accelerated the expansion of the semiconductor for tri-commodity compounds, in particular through the continued release of new mini/microled displays, new energy vehicle power devices, and market space for mocvd equipment as critical process equipment. In addition, the company is actively seized of new opportunities in the semiconductor equipment market, through its subsidiaries, micro-medium micro-benefits, medium microscopic chains, etc.
Quantified detection equipment, environmental equipment, industrial Internet, etc. have been actively expanded to build diversified performance growth points. To meet the demand for rapid business growth, companies have sustained high-intensity R & D investment, costing 1,794 million in the first three quarters of 2025, working with industry to cover more than 60% of the equipment markets in key integrated circuits, and achieving high-quality sustainable development.
With ccp etching equipment at its core, the company has successfully developed icp etching equipment to cover more than 95% of the demand for etching applications, and the demand for etching equipment will increase further along with advanced production and three-dimensional storage technology. The process progress, coupled with further reduction in the size of the craft, has significantly increased the demand for etching equipment, and according to Semi, a 7nm chip is being produced.
The process involves about 140 etching processes, an increase of more than 2.5 times over the 40 required for the 28nm process. 12 inches of high-end etching equipment has achieved volume applications ranging from 65nm to 5nm and more advanced processes, targeting nodes under 5nm, and the company is actively promoting next-generation machine-type research and development aimed at further improving corrosion selection, homogeneity and volume stability.
On the other hand, the increasing number of stacks is not only increasing the demand for corrosion equipment, but also raising the demand for deeper width than capacity. The ultra-high-high width corrosion device developed by the company is already being used on a large scale in advanced storage of manufacturing lines.
1. Erosion machines: technology is constantly running, national production ccp etching equipment, icp etching equipment is progressing well, and companies collected $6,101 million in the first three quarters of 2025.
With regard to film deposition and mocvd extension equipment, the company has successfully released six film deposition products, covering storage devices and zero components or long-term benefits - tungsten, metal process requirements for advanced logical devices; the company ' s radide mocvd equipment remains a global leader and will be further advanced
Physical depth report (xi) mini/microled and power extension. 1) In the first three quarters of 2025, Ipcvd and ald membrane equipment earned 403 million yuan, an increase of 1332.69%. For tungsten series products, companies provide cvd tungsten, hartungsten and ald tungsten.
(b) In the field of metal fences, the company has launched a series of metal fences that cover ald titanium nitrogen, ald aluminium and ald tantalum nitrogen, which are internationally advanced in key indicators such as membrane homogeneity, pollutant control and production efficiency.
The company has also been active in expanding the mocvd technology application boundary, and the new generation of silicone-based nitrous nitrides and carbonated silicon extensions are at the stage of development and validation, respectively.
The company is expected to open up new growth space by expanding to high-end displays, power semiconductors, etc. 1. Deep-farming semiconductor high-end equipment, casting a platform-based development pattern 1.1. Based on corrosion and mocvd equipment, opening up full-scale technological innovation
(1) Since its establishment in 2004, the company has developed and sold high-end semiconductor equipment with ccp etching and mocvd equipment over a long period of time. In 2007, the company ' s first ccp etching device was launched; from 2016 to 2017, the company successfully developed the first single and dual-reaction tableicp etching equipment. In the area of mocvd, the company launched the project in 2012
In the first half of July 2019, the company landed as the first company to deliver its second-generation product. In the first half of the year, the company's corrosion response station had a cumulative global load of more than 5700 units. Based on years of technological accumulation in the field of semiconductor equipment, the company's operations have expanded to semiconductor integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation, led extension production, performance.
In the area of high-end equipment for speed devices, mems manufacturing and other microprocesses, a wide range of product layouts and technical capabilities are built.
The company, as a leading company for high-end semiconductor equipment in the country, has a long-term “three-dimensional development strategy” that consolidates its core strengths in the area of integrated circuits by providing key products such as corrosion equipment, film deposition equipment, mocvd equipment to integrated circuits, led extensions, power devices and mems manufacturing enterprises.
In the next five to ten years, companies plan to achieve high-quality sustainable development through autonomous research and development and industrial cooperation to cover more than 60 per cent of the equipment market in the key area of integrated circuits.
1) The company's core area of integrated circuit manufacturing equipment, the main products of which are both corrosion equipment and film deposition equipment. With regard to corrosion equipment, the company's plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to the advanced process production lines of international first-line chip manufacturers, with complete coverage ranging from 65 nm to 5 nm and more advanced technology nodes, and in 3dtsv.
Important breakthroughs have been made in advanced areas of containment. In the area of membrane sedimentation, the lpcvd and ald devices that the company has successfully developed in recent years have been validated by clients, with a large number of products entering the market and receiving large numbers of duplicate orders, marking significant progress in the area of critical process equipment in the lead-up to integrated circuits.
2) In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company's mocvd equipment remains a global leader. The company's mocvd equipment, which is the core equipment for the production of nitrazine eleled, has achieved large-scale mass production along the production lines of leading customers in the industries of triam, Xanagine, etc., and the market rate continues to rise as the global semiconductor industry progresses to three or five.
The expansion of the semiconductor of the phenochemicals has accelerated, in particular the continued release of demand in the new mini/microlle displays, high-growth areas such as new energy vehicle power devices, and mocvd equipment as critical process equipment, which will expand the market space. The company’s technological accumulation and customer resources in this area provide a solid basis for its continued growth.
3) The company actively takes advantage of new opportunities in the semiconductor equipment market, in the area of strategic layout testing equipment. The new micro company, established in 2024, focuses on the development of electronic beam detection equipment with high technical barriers, which is essential for quality control at 28 nm and the following advanced processes, and currently has less than 15% national production rate.
Nodes continue to shrink, and the global market for bulk-testing equipment now accounts for about 13% of the total semiconductor front-way equipment market, making it the fourth largest equipment sector. At the same time, companies are actively expanding in areas such as environmental equipment, industrial Internet, and investing in new and emerging operations such as medical health intelligence equipment in the deployment of their subsidiaries.
Figure 3 Medium Micro 3D Business Lines 1.2. Excellent team leadership leading to long-term development (1) The corporate equity structure is fragmented and without real control. As of the third quarter of 2025, under the Shanghai flag.
In addition, the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund held 12.33 per cent of the shares of the company, and the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund held 3.71 per cent of the shares directly in phase II of the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund.
(2) The company’s core management team has a strong academic background, top technical strength and rich global industrial experience. Dr. Yoon Jiyo, Chairman and Managing Director, has a history of developing the global semiconductor equipment industry at the core of its development, in Intel, in the early years of process research and development, followed by international leaders in the pan forest semiconductor (lamrearch) and application material (appliedmatures)
In core technology and management positions, more than 20 years of experience in equipment research and development and business management have been gained. The company’s technical leadership team is strong, with directors and deputy general managers Taoto, the Cong Hai being the core technicians, with decades of semiconductor equipment development and process accumulation.
The newly joined Deputy General Manager, Dr. Kenji, graduated from the University of Tokyo, Japan, where he was a technical director and business executive at a number of well-known equipment companies in the United States and Japan, further strengthening the company’s technical layout in new areas of equipment, such as testing. In addition, management team functions were well configured, and Board Secretary Liu Fung owned the University of Cornell and the Southern Ocean Polytechnic.
He has long been in charge of intellectual property and legal systems. He has accumulated extensive experience in human resources governance in the Asia-Pacific region in cross-country enterprises such as Cummings and Timken.
If this factor is excluded, the profitability of the company ' s main business will remain stable until the third quarter of 2025.
During the quarter, the company achieved a net return of 1,211 million yuan, an increase of 32.66 per cent over the year, and a net return of 505 million yuan during the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 27.50 per cent over the year.
(2) In terms of business and product structure, semiconductors and general semiconductor equipment constitute the core business of the company, with a strategic focus and continued deepening in the area of carving key equipment. With regard to the breakdown of equipment, corrosion equipment has been steadily contributing more than 70% of the total revenue since 2023 and generated revenues of $6,101 million in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 38.26%.
Geopolitics and inventory strategies shift end-users to cautious viewing and discourage short-term demand. In the case of membrane deposition equipment, the company ' s lpcvd equipment was first sold in 2024 and generated about $156 million in equipment revenue throughout the year. By the third quarter of 2025, Ipcvd and ald of membrane equipment together earned $403 million, a surge of 1322.69 per cent, or would be expected.
Figure 8 shows that MSMEs are growing at the same rate as the same rate, and MSMEs are increasing at the same rate as the same rate.
(3) The company ' s Māori rate has stabilized at about 40 per cent over the long term, while net interest rates have been affected by high levels of R&D inputs and investment returns, and products are in the certification phase, with associated costs rising, or have put some pressure on short-term Māori rates. In terms of net profitability, they have been affected by continued high levels of R&D inputs and investment returns from the lack of disposal of technology stocks in the same period in 2023.
In the area of cost management, the total cost of company sales and administration, while increasing with business expansion and staff growth, has been accompanied by a steady downward trend in both rates, as a result of a rapid increase in the size of revenue collection and managerial excellence, and the scale effect has gradually become apparent.
In figure 11, the three cost levels for MSMEs (4) are consistently high rates of R & D inputs, which contribute systematically to corporate technology overlaps and product upgrading, and provide a solid basis for long-term competition and sustainable development. Companies maintain high levels of R & D inputs, and research and development in the first three quarters of 2025.
1593 patents, which build solid intellectual property barriers. (5) The company’s stock and contractual liabilities continue to grow, showing a strong stock of stock orders and providing strong support for future growth in revenue collection. With about 140,000 square metres in Nanchang and 180,000 square metres in Shanghai, R&D production bases have continued to grow.
Launched with a significant increase in the productive capacity of the company and a corresponding increase in the size of the inventory, with an inventory value of 81.94 in the first three quarters of 2025, MSMEs inventory & contractual liability 2.ccp etching equipment industry leading the way, covering advanced process requirements
2.1. The etching process supports the central integrated circuit manufacturing chain (1) The corrosion device is one of the upstream cores of semiconductor device processing and is currently dominated by dry etching, i.e., the crystal table by chemical, physical or simultaneous use of chemical and physical methods in accordance with the design of electrical graphics.
The corrosion process can be divided into wet etchings and dryings. Wet etching is a crystal circle soaking bubbles that cover photorecords (shadows) in specific chemical solutions, such as acids, alkalis or buffers. Solutions react chemically with exposed film material and produce soluble water compounds, which are removed.
It's a pure chemical process. Wet etching has advantages in terms of cost, speed, and is often used in the removal of special material layers and cleaning of residues in areas where the optics and mems (micromechanical systems) are less than high-width width requirements, while integrated circuits are processed in ways that are less than 3 μm in size that are difficult to control accurately the appearance of corrosion, causing the set wire width.
Dry etching usually occurs in a vacuum cavity, where the reaction gas is injected into the reactor and the radio frequency power is used to stimulate the formation of the plasma, which contains a large number of active liberal bases, ions and electronics. The etching can produce volatile products through chemical reactions, active liberal bases and crystallized surface materials; and the ion that is capable of a physical shock belt is vertically impacting the crystal round surface, like a "shall."
Splash removes the material and destroys the chemical key to accelerate the response. By regulating the ratio of physical to chemical action, the parameters of etching can be precisely controlled. Dry etching is the current dominant etching technique, with the advantages of achieving etchings in all directions of the opposite, ensuring high authenticity after the transfer of small graphics, but there may be relatively expensive equipment, complex process development, and possible plasma.
Damage, selectivity is usually less problematic than wet etching. Chart 15 etching technical classification 1) is different depending on how it works. Dry etching is divided mainly into plasma etching, ion splash etching, reacting to ion etching three.
Plasma etching takes a pure chemical reaction using a active base formation in the plasma, achieving a high-speed, high-selectness ethos etching. Reacting to ion etching achieves a graphic shift to the opposite (several) by synergizing the chemical activity base group and physical ion.
Physical spatter removes the material, which is good but very selective. In this case, it can be divided into icp (electrically sensitive plasma) etching and ccp (electric plasma) etching, depending on the principle of plasma production. The icp etching produces high-density plasma in the vacuum cavity through the sensor coil, resulting in corrosion of softer or thinner materials; ccp
In the case of corrosion, the radio frequency field between parallel plate electrodes is used to accelerate the ions and achieve the etching of hard materials. (2) Depending on the corrosion material, the etching process is divided mainly into medium etching, silicon etching, and metal etching. In this case, mass etching is mainly made of capacitated plasma (ccp) equipment, which is suitable for logical chips because of its high ion energy.
Fence wall, 3dnand baths/holes, etc., are treated in media; whereas silicon etching and metal etching are commonly used in electro-sensive plasma (icp) devices with low ion energy and high process accuracy, which are often used to carve fine structures such as silicon silica silica silica silica silica fencing, metal wires and welding mats.
2.2. The process has evolved in tandem with a three-dimensional stacking, with a surge in demand for corrosion equipment (1) The scale of the corrosion equipment market has increased strongly, with large offshore players dominated by Chinese equipment manufacturers, and the size of the global semiconductor etching equipment market is projected to be $25.61 billion in 2025, according to the mordor intelligence data.
Growth to $36.94 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.60%. According to global semiconductor observations for 2025, in the area of corrosion equipment, the country has a national production rate of about 50-60% for mature production processes, mainly applied to logical chips, power semiconductors and storage chips (e.g., 3dnand); while in advanced processes, the national production rate is less than 15% and the high-end market is lam.
In the early years of its existence, overseas manufacturers have accumulated a wealth of technological experience, customer resources, sources, ecosystems, etc. The global market for corrosion equipment is monopolized by overseas producers.
In the etching equipment market, 2023, the global etching equipment market was monopolized by pan forest semiconductors (lam), Tokyo electronics (tel) and applications (amat) overseas, with a combined market share of 44.10 per cent, 21.51 per cent and 18.35 per cent, respectively, exceeding 80 per cent.) In the logical chip, China and China started their own ccp, and is catching up with the development of 5 nm-3nmlcp etching equipment.
At this stage, with the first introduction of the ccp etching device in 2022 to improve the product structure; and 2) with respect to the storage system, only MSMEs currently conduct relevant research and development on 128 layers of 3dnand, compared to the international storage plant, which has developed over 200 layers of storage structures, Tokyo Electronics (tel) in June 2023.
The development of advanced domestic storage of etching equipment is particularly important in the context of the inclusion of chip companies like the Yangtze storage in the physical list. As national manufacturers of corrosion equipment, such as the North’s Sputnik, China’s Micro-Medium Division, continue to develop breakthroughs, and national production substitution trends are deepening, the country’s etching equipment is still relatively high.
This oligopoly pattern will eventually change. (2) As the advanced process breaks, the demand for corrosion equipment rises. As the semiconductor manufacturing technology moves to the advanced process nodes from 10 nm, 7 nm to 5 nm, 3 nm and below, as the electrical signature moves closer or lower.
To overcome these limitations, industries generally use multiple graphic techniques (e.g. sadp, saqp) to break down a layer of high-density graphics into multiple-track light and etching processes, thereby multiplying the etching steps required for each layer of masking.
According to the International Association of Semiconductor Industries, a 7nm integrated circuit is required to undergo approximately 140 etching processes during its production process, which is more than 2.5 times higher than the 40 required for the 28nm process. Process progress is accompanied by further reduction in process size and introduction of new materials, with higher requirements in terms of etching accuracy, repeated stability, process homogeneity and production capacity.
The importance of corrosion devices in the semiconductor industrial chain is further raised as a central support for advanced process development. (3) The number of stacking layers for the storage of chips in 3dnand continues to increase, significantly increasing the demand for corrosion process steps and equipment. Unlike the traditional 2dnand, which flattens storage units to crystalline surfaces, 3dnand uses vertical stacking structures.
As the number of stacking layers gradually rises from dozens of layers to even 100 or more layers, the proportion of corrosive equipment in chip manufacturing equipment continues to rise. For example, in a technology route of a certain type of 3dnand, the monthly production capacity is set at 150k/crystal, and the amount of the product is reduced to 300 k/crystals.
When the number of stacks has increased from 32 to 128 layers, the proportion of corrosion equipment has increased from 34.90% to 48.40%. The structure of 3dnand is constructed highly dependent on both sedimentation and etching processes. As the number of stacks continues to expand, both the volume of 64, 128 and more than 300 layers of products under development impose very high depth-wideness requirements on corrosion equipment, i.e. precision.
In the case of processing nodes, the caves, staircases, narrow slits and demand for corrosion equipment are most affected by the number of layers, and staircases are fully proportional to the number of stacked layers.
The process requires a staircase that is equally wide and evenly homogeneous at the edges of the entire stacking structure in order to achieve layer-by-layer contact. This process is extremely demanding for vertical, homogenous, and repetitive control of each layer, further increasing reliance on corrosion equipment and technical capabilities.
Figure 192 dnand versus 3 dnand structure
3dnand Figure 21 Ratio of the use of different stacking layers for corrosion equipment to the use of different stacking layers for corrosion process equipment (relative value)
2.3. ccp etching technology leads, icp etching growth period (1) The company has developed a significant technological and market advantage in the field of corrosion equipment, covering more than 95% of the demand for etching applications, while the product is configured along with the core demand for advanced logic and storage chip manufacture, with technology reaching 5 nm and more advanced processes.
Three generations of 18 plasma etching devices were successfully developed, using a product strategy of ccp in parallel with a single- and dual-reaction station in an icp etching machine, to achieve a full coverage of the demand for multiple technology nodes. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company set-up for etching collected $6,101 million, an increase of approximately 38.26%. In the logical chip direction, its 12-inch-high-end etching device was achieved from the point of departure.
65 nanometers to 5 nanometres and more advanced process product applications, and bulk purchases from mainstream international customers; towards the next node of 5 nanometres, the company is actively promoting next-generation machine-type research and development aimed at further improving carving selection, homogeneity, and mass production stability. In the direction of storage chips, the company has developed ultra-deep widths compared to masked icp etching devices (beep width ~40:1) and ultra-deep.
A wide media ccp etching device (Deep Width ~ 60:1) has been used on a large scale in advanced 3dnand and dram manufacturing production lines, with ccp equipment equipped with ultra-low-frequency high-power distorting radio frequencies used for critical process volume production and continued expansion of applications. In addition, companies are actively setting up emerging markets with advanced envelopes, power devices, power management, microelectric systems, etc.
Field orders continued to grow and were involved in cutting-edge technology development such as hyperscopes and 12-inch mems manufacturing. The equipment has entered the client (2) company ccp etching equipment product matrix and market penetration has continued to deepen. As of the first half of 2025, the cumulative load of public ccp etching equipment had passed over 4,500 stations, an increase of more than 900 stations over the same period in 2024;
Of these, the two-reactive station product accumulation machine went through 3,300 stations and the single-reactive product accumulation machine was close to 1,200 stations. The two-reactivist model, Primod-rie, Primoad-rie-e, and the single-reaction station model, Primohd-rie, were widely applied to frontline customers, both inside and outside the country.
The order with the Primoud-rie (super-high-height-wide etching) has continued to grow, and as of the first half of 2025, the Primohd-rie has accumulated over 120 response stations and the Primoud-rie accumulated nearly 200 response stations. Primoud-rie has designed and fully upgraded its structure based on a mature promohd-rie, with six single-reaction stations with a response cavity through lower frequency and greater frequency.
Large power radio frequency vertigo power sources, which provide higher ion-shock power, can meet the demanding requirements of hyperbolic corrosion, taking into account corrosion accuracy and productivity. Primoud-rie has introduced a number of innovative technologies, autonomously developed dynamic edge resistance, and the system has significantly increased the permeability of the permeable depths of the peripelagic crust of the edges of the crystal circle by regulating the verticality of the peripelagic layers that regulate the perispheric corrosion of the outer edges of the crystal circle.
EQUIPMENT. Its upper electrodes multi-area temperature control system optimizes the management of radiative heat under the HF power, effectively increasing the stability and reliability of the equipment. At the same time, Plumoud-rie has introduced a brand-new temperature to switch the temperature to the temperature-controlled electrostatic and active control of the temperature edge components, which not only enhances the ability to discharge anti-electric arcs, but also significantly improves the edge of the crystal circle for advanced storage for production.
The chip provides a strong guarantee. Company etching equipment has achieved full coverage of most of the ccp applications and advanced ccp applications (28nm below) for maturity (over 28nm). 1) Logical chip manufacturing is targeted at one of 28nm and the following nodes.
The physicalization of Damascus etching process, the introduction of a prmosd-rie device to regulate electrodes spacing, has now been tested for electrical validation and reliability by a leading domestic manufacturer of logical chips and has entered the advanced process R & D line for process validation.) With regard to unique process equipment, the company introduced a 12-inch crystal edge etching device, primohalona, which uses a unique dual-reaction platform structure.
Simultaneous operation of three sets of two-reaction cavities, which can handle six crystal roundes in parallel. The equipment is equipped with high accuracy quaadra-arm mechanical arm and anti-halogen corrosion cavity materials, which, while increasing production efficiency and efficiency, guarantee the operational stability of the equipment in a complex process environment.
The device is equipped with six single-reaction cavity structures and a high-power radio frequency system of 60 mhz/400khz, balancing ion-shock energy by optimizing the pressure configuration and increasing the energy of ion-shocking. The device is now in the process of producing mass-scale production from advanced storage cores, and key process parameters continue to be optimized.
Corporate layout ultra-low-temperature etching technology, focusing on core studies such as ultra-low-temperature electrostatic straws and new etching gases to meet the demand for ultra-high-deep, wide-scale etching technologies.
The company's ccp etching equipment has maintained a high rate of growth, breaking 4500 response stations in the first half of 2025, growing at an average annual rate of > 37 per cent over the last four years (3), the company's ccp etching equipment is progressing well, with more than 50 in the logical chip, dram, 3dnand, etc.
By the first half of 2025, the accumulated load of icp etching equipment had passed over 1,200 stations. Multiple icp etching devices have progressed: nanovalux-cryo has been certified and duplicated on the client; the alpha response cavity of the next generation of primonova3g equipment is in place.
Laboratories are complete and cavity forms are in progress; and dual machines, prmotwin-star, have been produced and duplicated by unique devices such as logical chips, power devices, micro-led, and ar/vr superscopes. In deep silicon etching, 8 inches and 12 inches of equipment protsv200e and 300 in the crystal.
In addition, a 12-inch 3d chip silicon puncture process was successfully validated, while a 12-inch micromechanical system production line in Europe was provided with the opportunity to authenticate the machine, laying the groundwork for the equipment to expand the new market. In addition, the primary plant for the primomenova 12-inch metal etching device was successfully delivered.
The device focuses on metal etching, is good at corrosion of aluminium wires and pieces of aluminium, is suitable for power semiconductors, storage and advanced logic chips, has excellent all-power etching, high-speed, high-optimal and low-media damage, and its efficient cavity cleaning process reduces pollution, extends operating time, and integrates high-temperature water.
Steam removal cavity cells can effectively remove residual photorespiratory and by-products, and the main etching and decoder cavity can be fitted flexibly according to process requirements to ensure stability and good rates in high-volume production.
Figure 28 Primotsv Deep silicon etching equipment Figure 29 Primonanova etching equipment 3.
3.1. International manufacturers dominate the market, and national production replaces a long road by a long road. (1) The sedimentation of thin film takes on the central role of building multi-storey electrical structures and enhancing the performance of the device in the manufacture of integrated circuits.
In road manufacturing, a three-dimensional structure of different membrane materials is made up of transistor tubes and circuits. Depending on working principles, film deposition can be divided mainly into physical gas deposition (pvd) and chemical gas deposition (cvd). Physical gas deposition (pvd) technology refers to the physical use of material sources (solids or liquids) under vacuum conditions.
The surface gas is converted into a gaseous atoms or molecules, or partially ionizing into an ion, and through a low-pressure gas or plasma, the technique of sedimenting a thin film with a special function on the surface of the matrix.
evaporation plating, vacuum spatter plating and vacuum ion plating. 2) Chemical gas phase deposition (cvd) chemically reacts to gas or vapour-like chemical substances at gas phase or gas-fixing interfaces in the reactor using a variety of energy sources such as heating, plasma or photoradiation by chemical reaction
The technique for forming solid sediments is a process of depositioning thin films on the surface of the matrix through a chemical reaction mixed with gas, which can be applied to insulation films, hard masked layers, and sedimentation of the metal membrane. cvd technical repetition and step coverage are slightly better than pvd, but there are more factors of influence during the process, less homogeneity of the membrane, and
Days are difficult to control with precision the thickness of thin membrane. 3) The sedimentation of the atomic layer (ald) is a special form of cvd, which is plating on the surface of the base in the form of a monoatomic membrane.
A saturated chemical adsorption or reaction occurs on the substrate, with only one single atom layer being deposited at a time, with the frequency of circulation to control the thickness of the thin film precisely. With very precise film thickness control and superior step cover, it is suitable for deep troughs.
Figure 30 Technical Classification of Deposition membrane 31pvd, cvd, ald Technical Comparison (1) Passive Layer of the back of the perc Batteries, Decay of the back of the perc Batteries (1) Passive Layer of the back of the perc Batteries
(1) hjt PV transparent electrodes (2) topcon cells exposed to passivation layer, deflator layer (2) topcon batteries penetrating layer, contact to passivation layer, deflator layer
Main areas of application (2) flexible electronic metalization, contact panel transparent electrodes (3) hjt battery contact passivation layer (3) flexible electronic medium layer, flexible electronic envelopes
(3) Semiconductor metalization (4) Semiconductor high-k metal media layer, metal grid, metal interconnection (4) Flexible electronic media layer, flexible electronic envelopes
(5) Semiconductor media layers (low-media constants), semiconductor envelopes, block layers, multiple exposure techniques (2) International giants monopolize the membrane sediment market. Breaking through high-end manufacturing bottlenecks by domestic manufacturers is the key to industrial chain autonomy
War. According to maximizemarketresearch, the global market for membrane sedimentation equipment is expected to reach $34 billion in 2025; the mainland Chinese market will account for 40 per cent and the global and mainland China combined annual growth rates of 16 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively, in 2021-2025. Pecvd is the highest per cent of membrane deposition equipment, 33 per cent; tube cvd and non-coupled lpcvd.
In the pvd equipment, pvd and plating ecd together account for 23% of the overall market for film deposition. Our pvd equipment has a national production rate of 15-20% of the maturity process and a national production rate of less than 10% of the advanced process; the cvd and ald have a national production rate of only 5-10%. The global market for semiconductor membrane deposition equipment is monopolized.
The pattern is clear, dominated by applications (mat), pan forest semiconductors (lam) and Tokyo Electronics (tel), with a market share of 42%, 19%, and 14%, respectively. The pvd equipment market is highly monopolized, with a share of armat for more than 80% for a long time.
In the ald equipment market, the Tokyo electronics and crystal semiconductors account for 31 per cent and 29 per cent respectively.
In logical chip manufacture, as the process node moves to 3 nm and below, multiple graphicization techniques are widely applied, not only increasing the pace of etching, but also simultaneously requiring more sophisticated and complex membrane sedimentation processes. Each layer of masked graphics is defined by relying on high-quality hard masks, anti-reflective layers, and sacrificial layers, and the sediment quality of these membranes directly determines subsequent etchings.
The precision of the art and the performance of the final device. In particular, with the introduction of new materials such as high-k metal fences, cobalt, platinum, etc., advanced membrane techniques such as atomic layer deposition (ald) become indispensable core processes, requiring that equipment have atomic-class thickness control in line with excellent surface coverage. On the other hand, the continuous stacking of 3dnand layers imposes a much higher level of demand on the membrane sediment equipment.
Similar to the etching process, the number of sediment steps increases almost linearly with the number of stacked layers. In building hundreds of layers of storage units, multiple layers of composite film (e.g., oxidizer/nitrogenide stacks) need to be staggered as a device function and sacrifice layer. In addition, the hard-codging layers, barriers and insulation fillings in the stairwell etching structures are heavily dependent on them.
High-performance cvd, pvd, especially high-stability ald equipment. The homogeneity of the sediment process, the staircase coverage to the particle control level directly influences the effect of the subsequent corrosion process and the rate of the final chip. At 90 nmcmos, approximately 40 thin film deposition processes are required. At 3 nmfinfet process lines, more than 100 thin film deposition processes.
The share of film deposition equipment in capital expenditure on the flosh chip line increased from 18% in the 2d to 26% in the 3d. With the increasing number of inner layers of the 3dndflash chip, the trend towards increased demand for film sediment equipment will also be 3.2. Focus on core cvd/ald technologies to open up storage and logical chip market space
(1) cvd and ald technologies have become key enablers to achieve continuous miniaturization and performance enhancement of advanced semiconductor devices, playing an irreplaceable role in core processes such as pore filling, metal grid formation, etc. Tungsten contact holes remain the mainstream solution in advanced logic and storage devices. As the process is miniaturized, the contact hole structure evolves from single to multiple layers, 3d
The increase in the number of nand stacks gives a depth ratio of 40:1 to more than 60:1 for the escalator. The traditional techniques of physical gas phase deposition are not sufficient because of inadequate staircase coverage, and ald nitrogen titanium is the main option for the block and glue layers with its excellent staircase coverage. In addition, the metal fenced polar structure introduced at the 28nm technical node is much higher for the membrane sediment.
Especially in the fin field effect transistor structure, precise regulation of the homogeneity, pollutant control, stability and staircase coverage of the metal fences is required through advanced metal cvd or ald technology. At 14nm and more advanced nodes, the influence of the metal block and shaped nuclear layers on perforated electrical resistance is becoming more pronounced, with cvd and ald technologies passing.
Accurate control of film deposition processes provides a process basis for reducing electrical resistance and enhancing the performance of the device. Figure 34 Evolution of the logical device (2) The company has successfully released six membrane sediment products covering tungsten and metal workers of storage and advanced logical devices
In the third quarter of 2025, Ipcvd and ald, among others, generated $403 million in film equipment, which was about 150 response stations with a similar increase. In the tungsten series, companies provide cvdtungsten, hartungsten, and aldtungsten equipment, which can satisfy all tungsten applications of storage devices, including metal interconnectivity with depth and three-dimensional storage system font applications, ald gold.
The tungsten series has been certified by a key storage client and has been issued with duplicate volume orders; at the same time, it also meets the needs of advanced logical customers for tungsten exposure perforated applications, for example, through the successful validation of multiple logical customer lines, further laying the groundwork for expanding the logical market.
In the field, the company has launched a series of preformauniflash metal fences, which cover ald titanium nitrogen, ald titanium and ald nitrogen tantalum, among others. Using an original dual-reaction platform structure, the series supports a flexible configuration of up to five two-reaction cavities and achieves industry-led production efficiency while meeting the integration requirements of high vacuum processes.
In combination with the design of the temperature control and efficient flow-guiding cavity for model algorithms, key indicators such as membrane homogeneity, pollutant control and production efficiency are internationally advanced and fully meet the needs of advanced logical processes. In this case, the ald nitrogen titanium set in the series is designed to be developed for advanced storage devices that meet the stringent requirements of high depth-wide ratio structure and 3-dimensional integration of the staircase coverage.
The use of block and glue layers in the tungsten filling process has now been validated by multiple focused customer storage samples to provide a solid basis for a market for display storage equipment.
3.3. The advantages of nitrous thorium mocvd equipment are significant, with multiple extension applications (1) driven by the continued expansion of markets such as electric cars, high-end displays, and so forth, the market for nitrous thorium (gan) and carbonated silicon (sic) is experiencing strong growth opportunities. The outreach is a special membrane sedimentation process through which it is based.
The directional growth of single crystal membrane on the sole crystal liner is the core technology for the manufacture of optical and power devices such as led, lasers and high-end chips. mocvd (chemical gas phase deposition of organic metal compounds) is a chemical gas phase deposition technique that uses metallic organic compounds as source material and is widely applied to the growth of semiconductors of the ii-v group compounds.
It's a key process for producing led lighting and displays of chips and nitrogen-based thorium power devices. The core of led, the nitrous thorium (gan), is made from mocvd technology at the bottom of the line, such as the sapphire. 1) The traditional led market is under pressure and high-end displays new demand that leads to led. The global ed market is currently facing new demand.
While China’s lighting market has grown steadily, its growth has slowed, and the price of the led chip continues to fall, making the overall demand for the equipment market subdued. But with the continuous expansion of the Led application landscape, mocvd equipment is not only used for common purposes.
Lighting and backlighting also gradually covers emerging areas such as mini/micro-led high-end displays, insecticidal disinfection and air purification UV-led. The demand for extra-leds for high-end displays has increased significantly over the last two years, and gradually from commercial displays to personal consumption.
The expansion of light to the red, green, and blue panchromatic systems has also led to market demand for arsenic-based thorium helium extensions. Therefore, mocvd equipment needs to meet more stringent technical indicators, particularly to increase the homogeneity of output wavelengths, reduce the particle size of the expansive fragments, increase the automation of the equipment, and increase the growth capacity of large expanses.
2) With the rapid development of industries such as electric cars, smart driving, data centres, and new energy storage, the power semiconductor market enters a high growth cycle, and the external extension applied to the production of nitrided silicone (gan) and carbonated silicon (sic) devices is also in the rapid development stage.
Yole predicts that its market size will increase from $260 million in 2023 to $2.01 billion in 2029, a recovery rate of 41% annually. Nitrogen (g-on-si) based on silicon liners is the dominant technique in the current power device, but its heterogeneity extension will introduce significant crystal and thermal failure. To this end, mocvd equipment must achieve.
A more elaborate mix of optimization is centred on precision control of the temperature field within the reaction cavity, air flow field, supported by multiple in situ monitoring. In addition, carbonated silicone devices are in the middle and high-pressure areas, such as new energy vehicles, wind-powered photovoltaic storage, orbital transport, especially in the area of vehicle use, and are expected to be in the vehicle main reverse transformers, chargers, etc. in the coming years.
Applications such as modules will continue to grow at a high rate. According to yole, the market is expected to reach $10.4 billion in 2029, with a combined annual growth rate of over 25% in 2023-2029. Thus, nitrogenated silicone and carbonated silicone devices will also have significant market development space.
Silicon bedding bottom; as the cost of the 8-inch linedown continues to decline, it will gradually transition to 8-inch extended production in the future. Figure 37 Market size of the nitrous thorium power device, Figure 38 Market size of the carbonated silicon power device
(2) The company has continued to consolidate its international leadership in the field of nitride mocvd equipment, while actively expanding the technology platform and developing outreach equipment for silicon carbide and nitrous silicon-based power devices. With respect to led, the company has continued to serve global customers with a range of products such as prismoa7, prismohit3, prismounimax, etc. since 2017.
It has become the largest market supplier of mocvd equipment for nitrazine silicon. Since its launch in June 2021, Prismounimax has become an international leader in the field of production with high productivity, high wavelength homogeneity and excellence.
With 164 4-inch or 72 6-inch extra-long chipes, which can be processed simultaneously to achieve greater homogeneity of wavelengths in multi-area support heating systems, production is now on a scale in many leading customers. Preciomoudx has the advantage of high productivity, high homogeneity, long maintenance cycles, etc. The prototype equipment was delivered to domestic head customers at the end of 2023, and has been successfully validated.
At the same time, the company actively expanded the mocvd application, and in the first half of 2025, the company completed the development of the mocvd equipment for red yellow light and delivered it to its leading domestic customers for validation. As industries such as electric cars, new energy sources, ai, etc., developed rapidly, there was a surge in demand for nitrous and carbonated silicone devices.
The technological build-up of the extended equipment, which was introduced in 2022 to support the 4 cavity stand-alone configuration and the 6/8 inch process, has now been validated and obtained through repeated orders. The company is actively pursuing the development of a new generation of silicone-based nitrified thorium mocvd equipment, which will be fully enhanced in terms of homogeneity, particle control and automation.
The Division’s carbonated silicon extension equipment, which has excellent thickness and mixed homogeneity, and leading stations, has generated $379 million in business revenue, down 18.03% from the same period. Despite short-term volatility in the led market, companies are opening up new growth space through sustained research and development and expansion into new and emerging areas such as high-end displays, power semiconductors, etc.
Figure 39 Mocvd equipment layout, Figure 40 Prismounimaxmocvd equipment, Figure 41preciomadxmocvd equipment
On the basis of the business split disclosed in the company bulletin, we divided the operations of China and Micro Company into specialized equipment, spare parts and services, and earned revenue and made separate profit projections, including: equipment, including etching, lpcvd, ald, mocvd, etc.
86.17 per cent of the revenues, of which 7,277 million yuan were received, or 93.15 per cent of the receipts for specialized equipment, or 80.27 per cent of the total. The replacement of semiconductor equipment with national production continued to accelerate, driven by advances in verticalization of advanced process and storage chips and the active expansion of crystal circle plants in mainland China.
At the same time, the company continues to promote technology development and competitiveness in areas such as membrane sedimentation equipment for logic and storage chips, led and power extension equipment, volume detection equipment, etc. The collection of specialized equipment is expected to reach 105.48, 138.45 and 105.27, respectively.
(2) Spare parts for spares: as the company ' s demand for corrosion equipment and thin film deposition equipment continues to increase, the corresponding spare parts operations (3) service income: the scale of the support services will expand in tandem with the demand for thin film deposition equipment. My company ' s main business is semiconductor equipment, and we select the North, Hasegawa technology, Taku technology, Shenhua Shanghai, China.
As of 20 November, the average R & D rate for the first three quarters of the year 2025-2027 for the comparable companies mentioned above was 22.25%, the R & D cost increased by 96.30% over the same period, and the rapid release of new operations such as membrane deposition was steadily moving towards platform-type targets; at the same time, it benefited from a clear trend of subconductor national production substitution and an autonomous acceleration.
(e) 87, 55 and 41 times, respectively. (1) Product R & D and certification are not as fast as expected: companies have a wide range of equipment at the customer validation stage and new equipment is under development, if less advanced than expected, or will result in a lower than expected profit-making contribution from the product;
(2) Geopolitical risks: Central American relations are currently at the stage of a game game, and the direction of semiconductor-related policies is unclear, further affecting corporate performance if tensions escalate further or lead to increased risks in the domestic semiconductor supply chain; (3) downstream demand is less than expected: the risk is affected by the slowdown in chip demand, if the industrial expansion in the downstream crystallized round
The demand for semiconductor equipment will decrease as well as the expected progress. Appendix: three series of statement forecasts, using data information that is legally compliant, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.