The full advantage lies in the hands, and the film taps write a new chapter - the photo-winding bottom view of the tap series (i) why the film was chosen: downstream technological change does not change the nature of the encapsulation needs, gradual
(a) The film is an important supplement to the photovoltaic component, and the demand follows the light market price (RM): 26.72 yuan and an increase of 25/17 per cent in the same year; and 2) the battery/assembly technology changes do not change the nature of the encapsulation requirement, the glue.
Debtable fortunes 22 to debt prices (RMB): 110.413 yuan. The membrane link is not “subversive technological changes” within the current system, is extremely unlikely to be turned over by technological changes, and there is a high visibility of medium- and long-term demand; 3) battery/assembly technology continues to progress
In the context of the persistence of small, incremental technological changes and product overlaps in the film chain, the Foster Stock Review: An Increased Share of Supported Aggregation of Strengths, Proximity Generations (e.g., the owb technology-induced membrane new product category) can increase value and sustain the industry.
Stabilizing, 2024.4.30 Barriers that make it easier to maintain a leading advantage to invest in technology research and development.
Why Forster: The film maintains a profit advantage and the pattern is stable and rising, 2024.4.12.
Ping, the share of the global market is almost half. At the end of the business, companies and third-line firms maintain a stable and high Māori rate against a background of declining or even losing profits, and we believe that the main reason is the three-pronged advantage: 1) the product line: technologically deposited + high R & D inputs support the rich.
(c) Cost control: financial excellence and streamlined management capacity, with a significantly lower cost over time than industry.
At present, most of the two-and-three-line companies are in a state of insufficient capacity and power, and the company is expected to achieve this in the context of overall industry income pressure.
The rapid increase in output faster than the growth in the industry has led to a sustained rise in the city’s share of power and the consolidation of a leading position. Forster 3-line firms maintain a high profit margin while stabilizing the industry by using price-control strategies.
Looking to achieve an increase in the share against the background of the overall pressure on the profits of the film chain. Reference is made to one of the most stable segments of the public head profit advantage, which was valued 25 times the value of the company in 2024, with large (downward) fluctuations in traditional energy prices, irrational expansion of industrial capacity, and international growth.
The trade environment has deteriorated, storage capacity and general flexibility resources have fallen short of the expected risks.
Scavengering more services: One light-winding bottom-of-the-wind: Forster, with the release of silicon supplies, the nominal capacity of each link in the main light-voltage chain at the end of 2024q1 has reached nearly 1,000 gw, even if considered.
Since March, the prices of the industrial chain have been rapidly adjusted and several links have been in a state of loss, and we believe that the landscape and the performance of the mainstream business statements are gradually changing or different, and we recommend that attention be paid to the “change trends”
In December 2023, in a strategy for 2024, we proposed that the links show strong profit-making resilience and post-development alpha enterprises in the process of cleaning up the PV. In this report, we choose to hold the film in a fierce photovoltaic competition.2 Why we choose the film: downstream technological change does not change the nature of the encapsulation needs and progressive product rotations increase prices.
Compared to the rest of the PV block, we see the following characteristics of the film chain: 1) the photovoltaic film is an important complement to the component, and demand increases with the light-voltage demand; 2) the battery/assembly technology changes do not change the protective nature of the containment requirement, and the film link does not have a "subversive" technology in the current system.
Change " , very low probability of being turned over by technological change, high visibility of medium- and long-term demand: 3) In the context of continued technological advances in batteries/assets, the membrane chain persists with small, incremental technological changes and product overlaps that can increase value, maintain industry barriers, and make it easier to sustain the technological investment in R & D.
2.1 The demand in the photovoltaic sector: the light storage economy supports growth, with large medium- and long-term space. The cost of photovoltaic systems and lcoe dropped significantly in 2023 after the price of photovoltaic components dropped significantly.
The economic/investment return on photovoltaic projects is expected to remain relatively attractive in 2024, with storage demand, or falling electricity prices, or a percentage to be discarded. Potential demand for large global utility projects is now sufficient, with interest-raising cycles ending and component prices at the bottom, the demand expected in the front period due to interest-raising expectations and rapid price drops in components is expected to remain high in 2024.
Continuing releases; taking into account the favourable policies of low-carbon claims in major countries, the demand for photovoltaics is expected to remain in 2024, and we expect an increase of 28 per cent to about 520 gwac (approximately 700gw demand for components) in 2024 on the side of the global photovoltaic exchange: China is expected to grow at a very high base, but at a rate that is slightly below the global average, while overseas markets will.
More fully benefit from the dividends of the falling prices of components and the ending of interest hikes (and even the opening of interest rates), in which the Middle East, Africa and the region are expected to experience a high build-up in 2024 due to resource advantages and a low base, and the United States are expected to increase the load of aircraft due to policy expectations and local supply; 2) an increase in the share of electricity in end-use energy consumption; and (3) an increase in the share of light voltage in electricity supply.
According to elstatisticalreviewolfworldenergy, electricity consumption was 45.3 per cent of world primary energy consumption in 2022, photovoltaic consumption was only 2.05 per cent of primary energy consumption, and photovoltaic penetration was generally low, with China accounting for 2.52 per cent of energy consumption, which was also low.
The share of light-voltaic power generation in China is also at a lower level than it is at about 3.5 to 9%. As countries move carbon in and out, there is room for further improvement in the ratio of electrification and the penetration of photovoltaic consumption, which is expected to contribute to the continued growth of additional photovoltaic loaders.
Global economic growth has led to a triple acceleration of energy growth, an increase in electrification, an increase in the share of renewable energy power, and the cost of photovoltaics as the most affordable renewable energy source of energy, and the cost of flexible resources, which we expect to slow as a share of photovoltaic power rises to more than 40%.
As the number of components in the system’s cost drops, and as the number of new sites moves towards areas where solar conditions are relatively weak, the demand for replacement of the stock has risen steadily, supporting the demand for additional photovoltaics.
The optimal flow-to-flow ratio of the photovoltaic project (direct-flow component installation/reverser power) will continue to rise. Using the 2023 hypothetical base of 405 gwac/520/gwdc (equivalent to 1.3 tolerance), there is some optimism that the 2028 installation will reach 2.2 elastic consumption: battery/assembly technology changes will not change the nature of the containment requirement and component power will increase the consumption slightly.
The photovoltaic film is a key support material for the production of photovoltaic components, primarily protective, encapsulating, etc.: 1) combined with a battery and a combination of glass and backboards to form components, encapsulating; 2) protective of the battery fragments in the component layer pressure process, providing a stress buffer; 3) protection against the effects and damage of the outside environment on the performance and damage of the battery fragments.
While the absolute cost share of the photovoltaic film in the components is low (about 7 per cent according to the May 2024 data), its performance and stability have a significant impact on the efficiency and longevity of the photovoltaic component, which is used in the photovoltaic power station for 25 to 40 years, and in the event of a change in the film’s yellow, decoupling, permeating, etc., or a Pid effect, will
From the existing perc, topcon, hjt to the mine, stacking, and although battery/assembly technologies are constantly updated, the need for “envelopement and protection” is stable, and there is no “subversive technological change” in the current technology system.
The likelihood of a change in technology is extremely low and the visibility of medium- and long-term demand is high.
Figure 14: A map of the component layer scheme (with a combination of structures) Figure 15: A map of the battery-level layer scheme (synchronous) The consumption of the film unit is related to the power of the component.
As the efficiency of the p battery moves closer to the theoretical limit, the technology for the n battery has developed rapidly in recent years, and the technical routes for the topcon, heterolysis, etc. have matured. According to cpia, the topcon battery route in 2023 was 23 per cent, the market for the topcon battery is expected to be over 60 per cent in 2024, while the hjt, xbc technology has made breakthroughs at the cost end and at the process end, respectively.
Battery efficiency enhancement drives the power of the components, and cpia expects to reach 585w in 2024 (182 mm, 72 pieces), a significant increase over the perc component. The consumption of the units is associated with the power of the components and the area, and the power of the components leads to a decrease in the consumption of the units, which we measure.
Perc/topcon component recommenced film consumption decreased to 0.092/0.088.8 million flat/gw in 2024. Chart 17: Topcon, heterogenesis, bc etc. penetration rates are expected to increase rapidly
Overall, the global photovoltage machine continues to grow, but we expect that the demand for photovoltage membrane will grow slightly less than the demand for components due to single consumption, and that the global demand for membrane for 2024-2025 will increase by 6.7 billion flats, or 25.17 per cent compared to 2024: of this, the topcon technical route will take the lead on a large scale, with the advantage of higher value for money, equipment and the maturity of the process.
Quantities, with the accelerated release of Topcon capacity, are expected to increase rapidly to 70 per cent/80 per cent in 2024-2025; technologies such as hjt, xbc are expected to be phased in with cost and process progress, with topcon/hjt/xbc expected to deliver 80 per cent/ 8 per cent/ 7 per cent by 2025.
With regard to film consumption, as the share of high-efficiency components such as Topcon, hjt, and xbc has increased, the use of singlegw components has decreased, with a total of 0.089/0.087 billion flat/gw per film chain combined consumption projected for 2024-2025 respectively.
The main photovoltaic film products in the current market include the translucencyeva film, the white eeva film, the poe film, the condensed poe film (also known as the epe film) and so on, and the different battery technical routes require different types of film cover options.The translucency eeva film is a relatively extensive envelope material currently used and is technologically mature and less costly: the white eeva film.
It is the addition of white filling pre-treatment on the basis of transparent eva film, mainly for the back covers of the components, which can be used effectively to boost the emission efficiency of the components by increasing the reflection rate of the litres. Poe membrane is more resistant to pid than water vapour. It has the effect of safeguarding the long-term reliable use of photovoltaic battery components in high-temperature, high-humid environments, and is the dominant encapsulation material for the two-breed components.
The condensed pe and eva resins were squeezed out of manufacture through the co-creaking process, to some extent taking into account the antipid properties of the pe material and the advantages of water-smoking barrier, as well as the 2019 and photo-voltaic market of the material, where the epe membrane was absolutely mainstreamed, and the epe membrane was rolled out during the second half of 2019.
In 2023, the topcon component penetration rate increased, with a higher share of the high-performance poe and condensed epe membrane, reaching 13.3 per cent and 27.8 per cent, respectively, and is expected to increase further in the future.
Technological advances in photovoltaic cells/components will impose new requirements on film containment programmes, such as the topcon component's anti-pid performance, and the hjt component's higher resistance to water. In the context of continuous advances in battery/assembly technology, the membrane rings continue to be small, incremental technological changes and product overlaps that can increase their value, maintain industry barriers, and enable them to maintain industry barriers.
Obb (without the main fence) is a technology-driven new product, raising the value of the film, and raising the technical barriers to the industry. For batteries, the thinning of the fence is more conducive to reducing the use of silver slurry, thereby reducing the cost, while reducing the amount of light on the battery.
To improve the efficiency of power generation. With the recent rapid growth of the fencing process and the thinning of the fencing and welding circuits, the market is now moving towards the owb (no main fence) technology of replacing the old silver grid with copper silk welding and direct pooling of the fine wire currents and interlinking of the battery blades.
In the component layer pressure process, a sufficient thickness of the film is required to provide a buffer to ensure that the battery is not fractured, so when the welding diameter is thinned, the theoretical critical thickness of the film can be reduced and the demand for the gram corresponding to the density of the film is reduced.
The name of the current market of the 0bb film appears to be of a variety, such as a single membrane, a skin membrane, a carrier membrane, etc., but in terms of its main focus, it can be summarized basically into two types: 1) sticky membrane: acting as a glue battery, glass, etc. 2)
Portfolios: act as connectors or carry welds. Chart 24: Obb technology uses conventional envelopes to glue cells and caps (glass or backboards) 1) to glue membranes: essentially consistent with the conventional enveloped film system, requiring low stickyness, good mobility and good glass.
Good bonding, multiple choice of price advantage, high rate of connection, and well-formed e-film. According to a summary of the respective obb film patents, the mucous membrane is usually thicker, at a centimeter level, with the initial bonding strength of glass at about 150 n/cm2. Carried film: connected to the welding band, direct contact with the battery after pressure, in order to prevent the flow of the film during the layer pressure.
Welding shifts result in welding or welding deformations between welds and fetters, requiring the basic features of the carrier film to be highly sticky and less mobile. According to a summary of the 0bb film patents, the carrier film is typically thinner than the mucous layer, and also, at the centimeter level, the initial bonding force with the battery is about 50 n/cm.
The production of the incarnation membrane can be done using systems other than conventional enveloped film materials, such as unsaturated polymers (Cn 219586034u patent), water coatings, etc. (Cn 113707744a patent for Foster); it can also be done in the form of precontributions (Cn 117467364a patent for Wood techniques), irradiation of the conventional membranes can be preconstituted, with a certain degree of sequesteration,
3) Even in the so-called integrated membrane, it can also be divided into parts that perform the two roles mentioned above, such as in Licn 117025108a, the incarnation of the membrane (described as the support layer in the patent) and the glue membrane (described as the glue in the patent) in which the condensed diaphragm is condensed in two layers, the heat-pressure membrane, the retransmission of the electronic beam irradiation on the side of the inheritance, and the sealing of the membrane.
Figure 25: Welding of the carrier membrane to the glue to the glass Overall, although a reduction in the welding route may lead to a reduction in the thickness of the film, the increased demand for new products such as the carrier membrane/one membrane owing to the higher requirements of the obb technology for the encapsulation of the film and its higher technical requirements has led to a certain increase in the film chain
Quantities of value and technical barriers.3 Why choose Foster: the profit advantage of the film is maintained, the pattern is rising by 3.1 plowing photovoltaic film for more than 20 years, and the industry is at the forefront
Foster was founded in 2003 as a high-technology enterprise focused on the development, production and marketing of new materials, with business content, photovoltaic materials, electronic materials, and functional membrane materials. In 2003, the company developed eva membranes, moved into the military PV industry, and began the nationalization of the eeva membranes, which are now the backbone of the global photovoltaic membrane, and ranked first in many years in the world in terms of output.
In 2015, the company promoted a development strategy for the “luminous master industry and the dynamic development of other new materials industry”, building on a number of new materials projects, such as radiated membranes, scratched copper sheets, silicon coating materials, aluminium plastics, and organic silicon encapsulation materials, which became a platform-type technology company for new materials.
Photovoltaic film is now the company ' s core product, generating $20.480 billion in 2023, representing 91 per cent of income, a gross profit of $2.99 billion and Māori 90 per cent.
The company's technology is deep, and its founder, Lin Jianhua, successfully developed and produced the co-polyamated retina in 1994, breaking the monopoly of enterprises in Japan's domestic market: the company's predecessor, Forster Hot Melting film Ltd., was founded in 2003 and was successful in the same year in developing the eva solar cell film, moving into the photovoltaic industry; the company's market share in the film market grew rapidly after 2006, in 2008.
In 2023, the company produced 2,249 million flats, an increase of 70 per cent over the same year, and nearly half of the global market share. Figure 31: The company continues to lead the industry in terms of the amount of film produced by the company (million flats)
Chart 32: Measuring the share of corporate film exports in 2023, starting with thermomelted membrane (photovoltile membrane plus optical membrane). Thermoplastic membrane output is lower than the membrane. Thermoplastic membrane output is lower.
3.2 End of business: product layout, cost, cost-control full advantage guarantee profit differentials. Forster film operations have a significant gap between profitability and second-line companies, with the Māori rate gap increasing gradually since 2017, and the Māori rate gap rising to 12.4 ptt in 2023, maintained against the backdrop of a general decline and even a loss in profits of second-line enterprises.
Enterprises with no data in 2023 (Badges, Cheung State Technologies); products classified as photovoltaic membrane by 2021 for the new material in Yochiyama, thermal smelting membrane since 2022, with a high but relatively low sales of polymagnesic optic transparency film, we believe that Foster has a profit advantage in three ways:
1) Product layout: Technology-building + high R & D inputs support a rich product layout and sustain the consolidation of customer resource barriers: 2) Costs: economies of scale, equipment build-up and long-term accumulated production control experience, Mäori strong; 3) Fee control: Financial advantages add-up management capabilities, with cost rates consistently significantly lower than those in the industry.
3.2.1 Product layout: Technically sedimentation + high R & D inputs support a rich product layout and sustain the consolidation of customer resource barriers Photovoltaic film is a key package for the production of photovoltaic components that protects the battery from the effects of the outside environment on cellular performance and damage. Photovoltaic film has a significant impact on the life of photovoltaic components during the operation of the power station.
When problems of dyslexic permeability or failure such as yellow transformation occur, the PV cell will be out of service because it is unable to generate electricity normally, so that the PV component enterprises have higher requirements for the quality and reliability of photovoltaic film products, and the component enterprises will mainly select and identify the elastic supplier through the consideration and assessment of the enterprise's combined strength, with higher access thresholds.
In addition, the photovoltaic film, in direct contact with the battery film, requires the continuous improvement of formulations, processes and equipment in line with changes in battery and component technology, and the production of new film products that meet the requirements for new technology component encapsulation.
Since its inception, the company has been working on the development, production, and sale of new materials, with sufficient inputs in materials, formulations, equipment, processes, etc. The company’s R & D rate has been maintained at more than 3%, with R & D costs amounting to $792 million in 2023.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s research and development staff stood at 15.41% of the total.
There are 249 patents for effective inventions and 115 new patents for practical applications, respectively, with significant leadership in the industry. Strong R&D platforms and research and development teams, while safeguarding companies’ continued technological advantage in the context of sustained advances in photovoltaic technology, are also helping companies to expand their operations horizontally.
The company is one of the companies that developed and produced elastic products on a large scale and earlier in the country, and has been engaged in photovoltaic film for almost two decades, building on key technological R&D advantages and product models that are the most complete in the entire industry. With excellent product performance and reliable product service systems, the company has basically achieved full coverage of major domestic and foreign photovoltaic component enterprises, building strong customer resources.
Barriers, the top 10 firms in 2023 with the highest volume of domestic components are large customers of companies, and the traditional offshore photovoltaic giants are long-term large customers of companies. During the period of battery/asset technology upgrading, companies can undertake joint research and development innovations with high-quality customer resources, a strong supply chain system, and head-asset customers, to quickly provide customers with access to film-based products, and continue to do so.
In addition to the traditional eeva film, poe film, epe film, the company currently has a complete set of transluminescent film, hyphene (obb process), butyl glue, structural glue, insulation glue, etc., which is used for the wrapping and protection of photovoltaic components, and can provide the best possible cover for new technologies such as topcon, hjt, obb, xbc, film battery, thorium, etc.
Installation options. Given the need for a certain validation cycle for the import of new products from the film downstream, a complete product layout is expected to help companies gain some pre-emptive advantage in the context of rapid advances in battery assembly technology. 3.2.2 Cost: advantages of scale, self-equipment and long-term accumulated production control experience, Māori advantages are strong
The company has a number of advantages through product formulations, process and equipment co-development, long-term accumulation of production control experience, high use of raw materials and good product practices, effective control of production costs, and continued to be industry-led. Pre-years ago, photo-voltaic membranes, 2022, heat-melting membranes (PV + optical transparency membranes), and higher but lower availability of thermal plastic-transparent membranes.
With regard to production equipment, based on its understanding of product formulations and production processes, the company has constructed a technical system of single/multilayered polymer-based film-based material preparation covering process-wide processes such as squeezing processing, precision coating, controlled interfaces and high molecular heterogeneity interfaces, with the capability to develop autonomous design, production and quality control of core industrial chain equipment.
The company is a small group of high-technology firms with the capacity to develop autonomous R & D packages, customizing parts and components to suppliers, tailoring production lines, on the one hand, investment costs are lower than the competition for the Outsourcing Line and, on the other, it guarantees a continuous rapid renewal of the product.
With regard to raw material purchases, the company’s film operations continued to lead the industry, measuring nearly half its share of the film in 2023, leading a large number of second- and third-line businesses.
In addition to the substantial and well-funded purchase price advantage, which was evident in the direct material advantage of the Fullet cost advantage of 2019-2021, Foster had earlier established a long-standing partnership with large overseas petrochemical enterprises, and against the background of the tight supply of evaluents and the rapid increase in the price of the national production eva resins in 2020-2021, the Foster resin price advantage was magnified in direct units.
The material gap rose to $1.4-1.5/ level: 2022h2eva resin prices entered the lower range, Foster ' s purchasing advantage slowed down particle price fluctuations in 2022-2023, resulting in a narrowing of the Foster unit cost gap, but in the course of a rapid decline in raw material prices, businesses took a measure of material impairment, which, in our view, also reflected procurement and sales.
In addition, while the difference in unit costs between Forster and Line 2 has been narrow in 2022-2023, the price gap has increased significantly, and we believe that the fact that Foster has the ability to transmit changes in prices of raw materials to downstream customers, in other words, that it is more difficult for some of the Line 2 firms to match their film products with the price of raw materials in a downward cycle.
The price corresponding to the book cost was sold at a lower price, taking into account the impairment of inventory, so that the difference between Foster and other enterprises, while “booking unit costs” narrowed, was in fact reflected in some of the firms’ stock impairments. Therefore, we believe that it would be more appropriate to measure the overall gap between Foster and Line 2 firms at the end of their operations using “units considered for impairment”.
After considering impairments, the gap between Foster and second-line firms (Sweak, Sea Yu Yui) in 2022-2023 remained significantly widened in terms of price differentials in enterprises (Sevoo technology, new materials in the sky, new materials in the crown, new materials in the desert), the difference in cost after taking into account impairments decreased slightly, and the gap in the combined Māori increased significantly to $1.4-2.1 per flat.
Material; new material in Deer Hills was photovoltaic membrane 2021, thermal molten membrane (photovoltaic + optical transparency membrane) since 2022, with a relatively low share of the thermal plastic-transparent membrane production, followed by a lower production capacity in 2024, with a lower degree of film consumption in 2024, and a lower gram weight resulting in lower demand for resin than for components, 2) new supply of poo resin in 2024, and new eva resins in 2025.
The supply volume, 3)eva and poe resins supply is flexible and is expected to be adequate for 2024-2025, making it less difficult to create prior-period tensions. The current two-line membrane companies are more profitable and cash-intensive, and there is a decrease in particle hoarding, which is expected to slow down the price volatility of the resins and a decrease in the size of the stock impairments.
Taken together, Foster ' s home-made equipment reduces costs, raw materials use and good products, and production costs have significant advantages, with a unit cost gap of 0.4-0.5 per cent per flat even after resin prices have entered the lower range, new production capacity of two or three-line enterprises has released the scaling effect. Taking into account the impairment factor, the gap between Forster and second-line and third-line business units is 2023.
0.96/1.47/ level. Against the background of future slowdowns in particle prices, the Forster technological process leads and raw materials are expected to stabilize and is expected to maintain a high unit Māori gap with the 2nd and 3rd Line. 3.2.3 Fee control: capital advantages are added to streamlined management capacity, and the cost rate for the period remains significantly lower than in the industry.
The company accumulated more operating funds for one of the country's earlier autonomous R & D and large-scale production of eva membrane when prices and industry profits were higher in the early years, while earlier listings enhanced the ability to finance, companies had sufficient cash in hand, bank loans and a lower percentage of financing, asset indebtedness was significantly lower than comparable industry companies, and financial cost was maintained at 0.4 per cent since 2022.
In addition, the cost of sales and the cost of administration are also at the top of figure 44 with the advantage of size and the ability to fine-tune cost control. Figure 45: Forster's asset-liability ratio is significantly lower than industry level.
Figure 46: Forster’s financial cost rate is significantly lower than industry level Figure 47: Forster’s marketing cost rate is lower than industry’s, and Chao State Technology
Figure 48: Foster's management rate is at a lower level than industry. Figure 49: Forster's time rate is significantly lower than industry level.
In 2019-2022, the company issued three conversionable corporate bonds, raising $1117/3030 million each for the expansion of light.
As of 14 May 2024, Fuku 22's debt was collected at a price of $110.385. By virtue of its share and cost advantage, the company has some pricing authority over the film products.
Corporate strategic thinking is clear, using a low-māori strategy to boost the share and curb the expansion of second- and third-line businesses. By 2014, firm gross interest rates remained at about 40%, and in 2014, companies voluntarily reduced their prices to around 30%, driving up the share of production and capacity to maintain market share stability.
The expansion of industry is showing signs of slowing down due to the high demand for operating capital from the second and third line of film companies, which have been under pressure since 2022, as a result of corporate price-control strategies.
Looking ahead, given the company’s advantage in market share, cost and profitability, it is expected that the company will still be able to keep the price and profit of the film at a relatively reasonable level. The two-line membrane has been under pressure for more than a year, the operating cash flow has been under pressure for longer periods, and most of the two-line membrane enterprises are currently in a state of insufficient capacity and power, while the company is under-utilized.
There are significant advantages to the cash flow rate, which is expected to increase faster than the pace of growth in the industry, in the context of the overall pressure on the industry’s profitability, and to promote a sustained increase in the city’s presence, as well as the consolidation of the dominant position.
Figure 55: Forster's advantage in hand capital at the end of 1024 over two or three lines of business (millions of dollars) 4 historical and financial analyses 4.1 shares and valuations
The stock prices and valuation performance of the company since it was listed can be broadly divided into the following stages:
Phase IV (2022): second- and third-line expansion accelerates, markets worry about increased competition in the industry and lower valuations. Phase V (2023-to-date): film link profitability, photovoltaic block valuation adjustment, but companies rely on it between two and three.
A relatively stable profit margin achieved a valuation higher than the industry average. Figure 56: Market value since the company was listed (billion yuan), pe, peps, Māori ratio and share review. Two phases of valuation since the company was listed were significantly higher than the industry average, with the core driving force being market recognition of its leading position
A stable profit advantage and a recovery in shares were achieved, and the company’s valuation returned to higher levels in the industry.4.2 Financial analysis: income sizes continued to grow, bottom earnings were stable, corporate business earnings continued to grow in 2017 and 2022, driven by rising demand downstream from photovoltaics and higher shares of the company’s film.
The company’s price-control strategy led to a certain decline in profitability and a return to the net return on profit the following year. In 2023, the company’s photovoltage package business was the company’s core business, with 97 per cent/94 per cent of the revenue from the photovoltage package business in 2023. The company’s main products were photo-film and photo-voltaic backboards, with a separate income ratio in 2023.
Māori accounted for 90 per cent of 91.6 per cent of the total, while Māori accounted for 90 per cent of the total.The company continued to pursue its development strategy of “luminous masters, vigorously developing other new materials” and actively promoted the development and use of new materials in electronics and other fields based on key common technologies with high membrane shapes of molecular materials.
Corporate electronics revenue/Māori share is 2/3 per cent, respectively. 4.3 Backboard operations: main coated backboards, market share rapidly increasing. Photovoltted backboards are wrapping materials on the back of photovoltaic batteries, mainly designed to protect PV cells against humid heat, etc.
Environmental impact factors provide durable insulation protection for materials such as enveloped film, battery, etc. Since the backboard is located on the outermost level of the back of the photovoltile component and is exposed directly to the external environment, it is required to perform excellent high-temperature, ultraviolet-resistant irradiation, environmental aging and water-gas barriers, electrical insulation, etc. to meet the 25-year useful life of the photovoltile battery component.
By production process, the photovoltted backboards are predominantly complex and coated. High-quality photovolt cell backboards are largely fluorinated to protect the fluorinated membranes, but the form and composition of the fluorinated materials used are different. Fluorine-like fluorofilms are combined on the pet membranes with glue, i.e., composite backboards; and fluorinated resins are used directly through special processes.
Painted on the pet membrane, i.e., coated backboard. Figure 64: coated photovoltted backboard map. Figure 63: composite photovoltted backboard map.
The current market covers mainly two-sided coated backboards, coated compound backboards, glass. In 2023, glass became the dominant industry, with 64.6 per cent of the total and 20.1 per cent of the total.
Figure 65: Trends in the market share of different sheeting materials, 2023-2030
Compared to composite backboards, coated backboards can save imported monopolistic materials such as glue, fluorine, etc. The market for power batteries has been growing rapidly in recent years, taking advantage of the supply of some of the photovoltile backboards, such as the pvdf membranes, and the cogeneration of power cell materials, which has led to a rapid increase in the cost of raw materials for the pvdf membranes as raw materials.
The company’s double-coated fluorinated backboard (cpc) has maintained high supply stability and increased market demand due to the absence of supply restrictions on the raw materials. The company’s luminous backboard revenue increased from $527 million in 2019 to $1,327 million in 2023, with cagr reaching 26 per cent.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate for company backboard operations was slightly lower than their counterparts because the price of coated backboards was lower than the composite backboards. Figure 66: Corporate backboard revenues sustained growth in 2023 (billions)
Figure 67: The Māori ratio of corporate and comparable backboard operations, in response to the demand for two-sided components, the company looked forward to a transparent backboard by 2019. The company’s transparent backboard product has a very low permeability and has excellent insulation and long-term durability because of its advantages in light quantification and stifling processes.
In 2022, in 2023, the company launched an extension of 110 million m2 of photo-voltted backboard products and a new 30 million m2 photo-backboard production in Viet Nam.
The practice of purchasing photo-voltaic film and backboards is expected to continue to grow with the continued growth of photo-voltage machines and the release of the company's photo-voltage backboard production capacity, with companies looking to further develop new clients with the status of photo-voltage film taps. 4.4 Electronic material business: multi-product roll-out, targeted to become a leading global supplier of electronic materials
Market demand: pcb market space is wide and the process of nationalization of the luminous membrane is continuing. Company electronic material products are mainly used in the manufacture of pcb (also known as printed circuit boards, printed circuit boards) in the field of electronic information. Pob is referred to as the “mother of electronics”, a vehicle connected to electronic components, almost all electronics.
The pcb industry typically consists of upstream base materials (e.g., electrolytic copper, pulp paper, bovine veils, etc.) and electronic chemical materials (fats, ink, etching fluids, etc.), middle-curve copper plate production and production of circuit boards, downstream applications in the areas of communications equipment, automobiles, consumer electronics, aviation defence, etc.
Demand in the pcb sector is mainly affected by macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations and the overall development of the electronic information industry. It is less affected by a single industry. Consumer electronic demand began to experience demand recovery in the second half of 2023 and will be subject to server, storage and artificial intelligence systems in the future.
In areas such as demand for large size and advanced base plates and low-depletion professional panels, demand for pcb for communications equipment such as 5g mm waves, foldable mobile phones, high-speed networks and wireless communications, and demand for low-depletion flexible circuit boards for new energy vehicles, it is expected that the global market size of pcb will return to $98.4 billion by 2027.
The photo-dry membrane is an important raw material for pcb manufacture. The photo-dry membrane, or dry membrane, is a pre-made light-engine that is evenly coated on a sophisticated coating machine and in high-cleaning conditions on the carrier polyester film (pet membrane), which is dried and cooled, and then overlays the polyethylene film (pembrane), which is filmed and curled.
During the pcb manufacturing process, the silicon membrane is attached to the coating plate, and a photochemical reaction occurs after ultraviolet irradiation. It is shaped into a stable substance attached to the copper plate, which achieves such functions as containment of electroplating, etching and poking, and a graphical shift in the design of the pcb and fpc (soft printing circuit board, a segmented area of pcb). The quality of the silicon dry film therefore affects the design of the line.
The accuracy of pcb and fpc panels, the performance of which plays an important role in the quality of circuit boards, is the production of circuit board circuits plus key consumables, representing about 3 per cent of the total cost of the pcb industry.
Figure 72: Diagrams of the use of diaphragms have not been fully self-produced in the interior, due to high technology content, high equipment investment, high market barriers, and significant scale effects, which are largely monopolized by foreign investors and desktop firms. The world’s photorestrictions are mainly from Taiwan, China.
In China, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, China, Changchun, the United States, Korea, Korea, etc., the Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Russian, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese
The accelerated rise of pcb firms has objectively contributed to the efficiency of upstream and downstream market communication and the domesticization of various types of raw materials. Moreover, since the storage period of the photoreser membrane is only six months and its storage and transport require low temperature preservation, downstream pcb manufacturing firms tend to procure photoreser membranes in close proximity, creating new opportunities for domestic firms to develop photoreser membranes.
Sense dry membrane: raw materials are self-supplied, client-certified accelerated propulsion is expected to be rapidly released. Photoresistants (light emulsions) are important raw materials for photoresilient membranes, consisting mainly of resins, monomers, photogens and additives, of which resins account for about 50-60%. The resins used for photoresist are based on alkaline solubility, and the alkaline soluble resins are liquids.
Key components in the field of photoresist oil ink (wet film) and dry membrane (dry membrane) have been one of the main technical barriers to entering the field of photoresist owing to the confidentiality of their formulations and the complexity of their production processes, which are largely non-marketable, and most of the producers of photoresist are home-grown and not sold to the outside world.
In the corrosion resistance business, enterprises need to complete self-sufficiency in the raw materials (alkali soluble resins) upstream of the dry membrane photoresist.
After many years of research and development, the company has acquired technology in technology that is critical for the production of photoresist-specific chemicals and resists. The year of the announcement of the construction of a project to produce 20,000 tons of alkaline soluble resin and 24,000 tons of photo-sensitive monomer chemicals.
The company has also actively promoted the industrialization of photo-dry film products, starting in 2013 with its own mature single/multilayered polymer function The thin-film material preparation technology system has invested a significant amount of resources and completed medium-testing in 2016, with products being tested on a small scale on the client side; the company ' s annual production of 216 million m2 of photo-dry film project was partially operational in 2021, with a rapid release of the photo-dry film; and 2022
The company further expanded its symmetrical production capacity by issuing a debt-transferable 100 million m2 (high-resolution) annual symmetrical membrane project and a 210 million m2 annual symmetrical membrane project.In 2023, the company symmetrical membrane product was introduced into the supply system of a large pcb manufacturer and the sales of symmetric membranes were made at 1.15 a year.
Following up on clients such as deep south circuits, congenial electronics, and income-generating electronics, the company has successfully imported well-known customers from the Ping Dynasty Holdings, East Hill Precision, World Transport, Circuits, Redboard Technology, Mansion Group, South Asia Circuit Board, Han Woo-bold. The company’s symmetrical membrane product meets the resolution requirements that can be used to manufacture 1c board/class panels, and the products are actively moving downstream.
Producers verify imports. Corporate sales are expected to continue to grow in the future as the build-up capacity continues. Figure 75: Company sales (millions of square metres)
The company's electronic material business product also includes, for example, a symmetrical overlay, fccl. The symmetrical overlay is an insulated shield for printing circuit boards, miniled, micro-led, and fine circuits in the area of camera modules.
Fccl is the base sheet material used for flexible printing circuit boards, which has a "light, thin, short, small" size advantage compared to the rigid ccl material. Depending on whether there is a glue in the product structure, the scratching sheet can be divided into three layers of scratching overlays (3l-fccl) and two layers of scratch overlay (2l-fccl).
The bronze is made up of coins, also known as capricious coatings; the two-storey corrosion coatings are made up of membrane and bronze tiles, because they do not contain gel layers, and they are also known as rubber-free corrosion coatings. In them, the unglazed cortex has a thinner overall thickness, a lower surface, a lower contour, a higher degree of extenuation and a higher degree of securitization, which is better able to satisfy the process of fine line fpc.
The company uses polyamide (pi) resin as a membrane material, combined with the company's sophisticated coating techniques and refined production processes, coating polyamide resin material on copper beams and forming polyamide membrane with 2l-fccl, which is used to combine the polyamide membrane with copper.
In consumer-type electronics such as smart phones, laptop computers, digital cameras, etc., products are also gradually spreading to high-end products and areas such as new energy cars, unmanned vehicles, 5g communications equipment, and oed screens. Currently, the producers of scratched copper plates are mainly Japanese and Korean enterprises, with very few firms active in the country.
To promote the development of fccl, photo-cover film industrialization projects to create synergies between the diaphragms, fccl, and photo-cover membrane, leading to the continued development of the electronic material business as a whole, with the goal of becoming a global leader in electronic materials 4.5 aluminum plastics business in 3-5 years: urgent national production replacement needs and product release phase
Aluminium plastic membrane is the most critical and technically difficult material in a lithium ion battery and is also the most critical in a soft-packed lithium battery. Typical aluminium plastic membrane consists mainly of a total of three layers of material (n (nylon layer)/al (alcolate layer)/cpp (polypropylene layer), of which the outermost nylon layer is primarily protective; aluminium is the base material and acts as waterproof and barrier-free; polypropylene layers act as thermal seals and barriers to aluminium.
Separating from the core to prevent leaks of electrolytic fluids and corrosion of aluminum plywood; glues to the nylon and aluminium layers on the one hand, and to the aluminium and polypropylene layers on the other. Aluminium plastic membranes are mainly used in 30 consumer electronic batteries, storage cells, power cells, etc., and their battery products are widely used
In mobile communications, digital cameras, laptop computers, electric cars, etc., the safety performance is excellent compared to hard-shelled lithium batteries, soft-packed lithium batteries using aluminium plastics, reduced materials, diverse and non-explosive, especially polymer lithium batteries. Because of the difficulty of manufacturing aluminium plastics, most of the home-grown aluminium plastics are not resistant to electrolysis corrosion, incentive properties, etc.
The global and domestic markets for aluminium plastics are now dominated by a few Japanese companies, such as Japanese dnp printing, Japanese Zhao, and electricians. As the demand for lithium batteries grows rapidly, the demand for alternatives to aluminium plastics is increasing, more and more domestic firms are starting to lay out the aluminium plastics industry, and some of the home-grown aluminium plastics have become as strong and reliable as imported products.
However, due to the lack of sufficient safety validation and data analysis for the large volume of imported domestic aluminium plastics, the company announced in 2015 that it would invest 50 million yuan in the construction of a 5 million m2-year aluminium plastic magnesium project, and in 2018, the company aluminum.
The company’s aluminum plastic products, after pre-production and client certification, are now in the sales stage, 2023, 69.90%. Moreover, the company has successfully imported some of its power cell customers, such as the state electronics, the Southdu power source, and will expand in the future as the production capacity expands.
5.1 Profit forecasts and key assumptions 1) Outward: growth sustained on a high level of light storage economic support photovoltaic demand with projected global photovoltaic components for 2024-2026
The demand was 676/806/927gw, an increase of 28/19 per cent/15 per cent. The demand for photo-voltaic membrane was reduced by single consumption at a slightly lower rate than for components.
The size advantage, and the strategic strategy of “price-fixing shares,” is expected to rise to about 50%, and the cost per unit of a company’s film product is expected to fall. Given the intense competition and profit-taking of the main photovoltage chain in 2024, it is expected that the public sector’s market share of the film product unit will be on the decline.
Imbrane enterprise expansion. Currently, second- and third-line microfilm enterprises have low capacity and power, taking into account upstream raw materials Backboard operations: company backboards have continued to rise, and in 2023 they have increased to the second highest level in the world, while initiating overseas capacity expansion. Given the relative scarcity of overseas capacity and greater profitability, we expect a slightly higher rate of output from company backboard operations.
The demand for photovoltaic components has increased and the expected backboard energy release in Viet Nam is expected to lead to a slight increase in the company's Māori rate to electronic materials: company electronic materials include sill-dry film, scratched copper sheeting and resin operations, pcb market space, perception process of national production of photo-dry membrane, rapid release of sill-dry film operations, corrosive copper sheeting and resin from 2024.
We use comparable company valuation methods to pick up components to support Foret, Sunshine Power, Sino-Bo and Photovoltaic film companies.
The average of five comparable companies in 2024-2026 is 21 to 14 and 11 times the average per cent. We believe that companies maintain a high profit margin with product layout, cost, fee control, etc., and with price control strategies to stabilize industry patterns, they are expected to achieve their share against the background of overall exposure to the profits of the film chain.
Taking into account that the current membrane chain is one of the most stable elements of the photovoltaic block pattern and of the profit advantage of the head, giving more services to sweeps, the risk of large (downward) fluctuations in traditional energy prices: the claims of global carbon targets and geopolitical instability in recent years.
The sharp rise in traditional energy prices, caused by factors, is a major driver of the higher than expected increase in new energy demand, and if conventional energy source prices and corresponding electricity prices are to become trendy and fall sharply in the future, the marginal erosion of the relative economy of light storage systems may have a negative impact on portfolio investment sentiment.
The risk of irrational expansion of industrial capacity: driven by persistently over-expected end demand and supported by capital, the expansion of the production capacity of the photovoltaic industry has accelerated markedly, and, in addition to the active expansion of intra-industry enterprises, the industry has re-emerged with signs of significant cross-border capital inflows that could lead to a risk of phased patterns of competition and a deterioration of profitability in some segments.
Risks of deterioration in the international trade environment: As the proportion of photovoltaics in the energy structure of countries continues to rise, China, as a unique presence in the photovoltaic manufacturing industry, may still face more stringent trade barriers in other countries (although such barriers may lead to an increase in the cost of using clean energy in the country).
Storage energy, general flexibility resources are less than expected: the allocation of storage energy (or other general flexibility resources) is an essential route to achieving high-scale permeability of photovoltaics in future power grids. If storage energy costs fall less quickly than expected, it may limit the rate of penetration of medium-term photovoltaics in the energy structure.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market