Medical and American product lines, young girls' needles approved and released 25/04/2021  summary of investments: the company is moving fast, based on the two main pillars of the pharmaceutical business and the pharmaceutical industry.
In the field of medicine and beauty, a diversified, differentiated and internationally competitive network of medical and aesthetic products has been created. The pre-medical and beauty section has formed a high-end cluster of high-quality products, and the non-surgery and beauty areas have been very promising as heavy-pound products have gradually emerged in the domestic and foreign markets, and Chinese medical and American consumption has risen rapidly.
Markets are still on the rise, and Irene's consulting data show that the size of China's medical and US market in 2020 was about 15.2%, with frost&sullivan showing that there is still much room for improvement in the penetration of health and American consumption compared to developed countries, about a third of Japan, a fifth of the United States, and a sixth of Korea's new oxygen.
The data show that in 2019 non-surgery projects accounted for 67.33 per cent of the total course of treatment. Injection projects accounted for 57.04 per cent of the total course of treatment, of which urinary acid (66.59 per cent of the injection type) was favoured. Face rejuvenation projects (mainly photo-methodological beauty) accounted for 4.99 per cent of the total of treatments.
There has been a surge in medical beauty over energy sources, such as light lasers, radio frequency, etc. Medical appliances, appliances, etc., occupy the high end of the industrial value chain, with a particularly large potential space for high-quality products.
Li Ye Wei Wei Weiwei has been cut into the medical track; Sinclair, a fully-owned United States subsidiary, was acquired in 2018 with products such as llanse needles, silhouetteme beautic refills, etc.; United States company r2 (26.60 per cent share) in 2019 was granted the power of a plaque, white light instrument agent; and Korea 2020.
The state jetema co-operates with exclusive agent a-type botulinum toxin; in 2020 sinclair collaborated with the Swiss department of kylane with exclusive agent maili high-end urinary acid; in 2021 Sinclair acquired the Spanish high tech (100% shareholding) with frozen soluble fats and laser waxing equipment.
Product clusters have been formed, registration and marketing platforms have been set up, and medical and American industry maps have been expanded. In January, the company llanse's “girl needle” was approved as the first officially certified product of this kind, and is expected to become more than a billion pounds in natural beauty and substitution for the water market.
In addition, the company’s multi-medical and American products will be placed on the market and, according to the announcement, the silhouette line is moving forward with the registration; the maili containing sterilis will be on the European market in the first half of 2021 and the Chinese registration has been initiated; the pre-clinical application for botox is medium.
In other words, we estimate that in 2030, the company’s revenues from the sale of the Medico-American plate are expected to be close to $9.6 billion. The two major industries have a strong foundation, the potential for the development of the College, and the risk of future medical-American products being approved for future medical beauty accidents.
1.1. The pharmaceutical industry is dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, the upgrading of the pharmaceutical business, the internationalization of the pharmaceutical industry, and the development of medicine in China since its inception in 1993, after nearly 30 years of development, the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and medicine industry have developed.
The three pillars of US business have developed a new development strategy based on a healthy pharmaceutical industry, led by a pharmaceutical industry, with a parallel expansion of the pharmaceutical business and the pharmaceutical industry, as well as a sustained drive for scientific innovation and internationalization. Since 2011 - 2020, corporate business income has grown at an average rate of 13% annually, and net profit returns at the mother level have increased at an average annual rate.
In recent years, corporate pharmaceutical industry income and share have been increasing, with relatively low Māori pharmaceutical business size and share decreasing, and corporate overall Māori and net interest rates rising. Corporate roe levels have been increasing since 2007.
Over 20% has been maintained, and Central China and the United States, as the backbone of the pharmaceutical industry, are well above the national average level of the pharmaceutical industry, which has remained at more than 35% for 14 years. The continued growth of the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business industry for 20 years, the transformation of industrial research and development, the transformation of commercial marketing, and the expansion of medical and aesthetic operations will drive companies to move forward steadily.
In terms of income composition, in 2020, Medico-American revenues amounted to about 943 million yuan, or 2.8 per cent of the company ' s total income, including 623 million yuan in domestic medical-American operations (mainly acting as agent for Yvonne ' s urinary acid) and 319 million yuan in international medical-American operations (sinclair subsidiary). Due to the large volume of medical business revenues but low profit contributions, medicine is not considered.
In the case of business income, the share of revenues from medical and aesthetic operations is about 7.6 per cent.
Each year, the company continued to plough deep into the local market in Zhejiang, covering all clients of provincial public health institutions, key private medical and retail pharmacies, and maintaining a lead in order to meet the order. At the same time, the company’s sales channels were gradually sinking to the grass-roots, out-of-hospital and end-of-the-hospital markets, increasing marketing capacity at all levels, and based on a comprehensive coverage of the province’s medical logistics network.
The company has established business partnerships with 90% of mainstream pharmaceutical companies both inside and outside the country. The company is actively engaged in innovative development of its business model, transforming it into an integrated solution service provider to increase the level of Māori in pharmaceutical commerce while achieving sustainable development of modern medical business models.
Distribution service systems and professional capabilities, with cold-chain logistics delivery at the national lead; and active development of new business models such as general agents, business hosting, btc pharmacies, etc., to foster innovative business: innovative service to suppliers and extension of service supply chains through new technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence, and network of goods.
The Happiness Branch, the Lake State Company, the Taisan Company.
Choshan-Teek, Ningpo, Schoshing.
All China Supply Certificate, Taizhou Company.
In 2020, China East Pharmaceutical Business was actively engaged in the development of business models, the efficiency of operations continued to improve, and the security of operations continued to improve.
With steady growth and sales revenues of $23 billion a year, the impact of the epidemic has declined, but marketing patterns and market shares continue to dominate the pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province. The Māori ratio of corporate pharmaceutical businesses has increased year by year, while remaining at over 7%, and we expect high Māori businesses like the cold chain logistics to take over as the impact of the epidemic subsides.
Figure 7: Corporate pharmaceutical business revenues and growth rates
In the field of pharmaceutical manufacturing, the company is deeply engaged in research, production and marketing in the fields of specialist, slow-disease drugs and special medications. It has a number of first-line clinical drugs with domestic market advantages. The core product line is currently dominated by cardiovascular, chronic renal diseases, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems. In 2020, the company earned $11.4 billion in the pharmaceutical industry.
A shift in heart to profit centres to accelerate the transition to out-of-court markets, marketing of self-financed markets, and efforts to open up international markets, among other things, to achieve sustained growth in industrial business. Companies have continued to strengthen their research and development innovation efforts, fully promoting the transformation of the R & D system, and completing innovation projects by 2020
15, with the introduction of 47 new in- and out-of-country innovative research and development talent, significant progress has been made in building international innovation research and development teams, establishing a core pool of experts, and launching post-doctoral mobile stations. In 2020, the company invested 1,444 million dollars in research and development in the pharmaceutical industry, together with bd, to further enrich product lines in the field of tumors, self-immunisation, and diabetes.
The company plans to complete no less than 15 per year over the next five years.
The creation and storage of innovative varieties (including innovative drugs, improved new medicines, innovative medical devices and high-end products, etc.) 1.4. The medical beauty business section: Internationalized medical beauty product tubes are rich and compete for high-end US-Blue Sea markets.
Through acquisitions, shareholdings, and agency collaboration, internationalized medical beauty lines are being enriched, expanding the international and professional medical beauty marketing platform. In addition, Ningpo, a controlling company, has set up a Samuels Bioskins Research and Development Centre in Hangzhou, which will focus on creating a new line of products based on customized skin protection based on skin genetics.
In November 2018, the company completed a cash offer to purchase all shares of the United Kingdom company Sinclair and acquired a portfolio of products under the umbrella of Sinclair, a professional medical corporation operating globally, including ellanse skin fillers with polyheptone (pcl) microballs, silhouetteme comb line series, perfectha urinate fillers, etc.
In April 2019, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the United States, r2dermatology, inc., participating in the R2 Public Division (26.60 per cent equity), and obtaining exclusive distribution rights for their medical devices (f1 (freeze) and f2 (whole beauty) and their future improvements in 34 Asian countries or territories, including mainland China, Japan and South Korea.
In August 2020, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Korean listed company jetema, which acquired exclusive ownership of its a-type meat and toxin products in China, further treating American lines of products. In October 2020, the fully-owned subsidiary Sinclair of the United Kingdom and the Swiss advanced medical research and development agency Kylane
Euro1 million will acquire 20% of kylane as its third largest shareholder; 2) Sinclair will each year pay kylane a sum to support its R & D activities and will have the right to obtain, at an agreed price, both the pip and its global interests in its two priority R & D products in the area of facial and body fillings.
Kylane’s preferred bargaining power for future follow-up R & D products. In the first quarter of 2020, the company was certified with kylane in June, and the company is expected to market on the European market in the first half of 2021, achieving full market coverage for high-end products in the field of pharmaceutical facial urinate filling.
In February 2021, the fully-owned British firm Sinclair, with a 65 million euro equity swap and a maximum of 20 million Euro sales milestone payment, acquired 100% of the shares of Spanish energy-source medical equipment, high technology products, s.l.u.
The main products include three refrigerated solution equipment and two laser hairless products, with four in the pipeline, and the company expects to use one euro = 7.5 yuan in 2021-2024 on a global scale; 3) the Lilaru Injection Service has not yet incorporated the calculations of this part of the medical income. 3) China's market is expected to be approved for us on the basis of company announcements; 4) sales in 2025, 2030.
The company seized the low tide of the epidemic, accelerated the introduction of new international medical products and promoted the internationalization of the medical panel, built high-end, differentiated medical brands and product clusters, and now has a diverse and transparent mix of sodium acid products.
At the same time, the company has set up the Medical and American Department of International Operations, which coordinates the strategic planning and day-to-day management of medical and aesthetic operations; and has registered the establishment of the Medical Science and Technology Corporation of Hinyomei (Shanghai) and the Swiss Medical Science and Technology Corporation (Seoul China) as future products.
The company has now developed a preliminary and improved map of its medical and aesthetic industries, which will be gradually gaining ground as the development and marketing of products progresses. Figure 13: Corporate global business cooperation and the distribution of medical and aesthetic industries (report to 2020)
China's medical and American markets are booming, and non-surgery projects are an important driving force. 2.1. The country's medical and American consumption rises rapidly, with much room for penetration. In 2020, China's medical beauty market was close to 200 billion yuan.
The number of therapeutic beauty services has increased from 14.778 million in 2011 to 23.395 million in 2017, with an average annual compound increase of 8.04%, which is a steady development. And the domestic market for medical beauty is on the rise. According to Irey's consulting statistics and projections, the Chinese market for medical beauty rose by 11.6% in 2020, compared with 11.6% in 2023.
There is still much room for improvement in the penetration rate of American medicine compared to developed countries, and the market outlook is wide. Frost&sulliván data show that China consumed 20,590,000 American medicine courses in 2018, the largest health-care consumer in the United States, Brazil, Japan, Korea, etc., and was ranked first in the world; however, 14.8 consultations per 1,000 population, far below the major health-care provider.
China’s mainland medicine penetration rate rose steadily from 1.5% to 3.6% in 2009–19, but the gap is still larger than in the world’s major countries – about one-third in Japan, one-fifth in the United States, and one-sixth in South Korea. The country’s domestic medicine market has entered a dynamic phase of development and remains open to development.
2.2. There is a high acceptance rate for non-surgery doctors, a higher market rate for non-surgery orthopaedic orthopaedics, and a higher rate of market acceptance for non-surgery orthopaedic orthopaedics.
Non-surgery-type medical projects are mainly injections, lasers, ultrasound, small traumas, low risk, low unit prices, but limited maintenance time, and require a certain amount of time to be consumed again in order to maintain effectiveness. Thus, non-surgery-type plastics have higher market acceptance and repurchase rates, increasing faster, and the market share is rising year by year.
According to the New Oxygen Medical American White Paper 2019, China accounts for 32.67 per cent of the total number of non-surgical injection projects, 57.04 per cent of the total, and 4.99 per cent of the total number of non-surgical facial rejuvenation projects.
Acids accounted for 66.59 per cent, an increase of 53.11 per cent, and botulinum toxin injections for 32.67 per cent, an increase of 90.56 per cent.Figure 19: Distribution of Chinese IDU projects in 2019 is currently on the market mainly for transparent acids, bottoxins, plyon proteins, pcl-cmc fillings, etc.
The rejuvenation of the face includes, among other things, photo-methodologic aesthetics, a surge in consumption as an entry-level medical project. From 2020, the next generation will begin to reach the age of 30, and the demand of the American and American consumers for medical resistance and resistance to early age will increase rapidly.
In addition, the data on new oxygen show a similar surge of 92.64% in 2019 in non-surgery facial rejuvenation projects in the country.
The photovoltaic-type medical beauty project relies on energy-sourced equipment, including common light-skins, laser spots, microconcords, radio-tightness, skin-second lasers, laser stripping, and so on, to achieve whiteness, filamentation, thugs, tightness, hair-dressing, and to be more readily accepted by primary-level medical consumers with the advantage of being untraceable, short-timed, quick-recovering, quick-impacted, and so on.
In the field of energy-generating medical equipment, 80% of the country’s products are still dependent on imported brands. According to medicalinsight, the domestic market for medical equipment is estimated to be about $1.69 billion in 2019, and is expected to grow to $2.2 billion in 2021, taking into account the rapid penetration of domestic health-care consumption.
With the high acceptance of the Photovoltaic No-Technology Project, we believe that industry growth is expected to move to a more rapid stage of development. 3. Medical and American product clusters are formed, and companies are gradually entering the harvest period. 3.1.ellans-é needles are approved and are expected to lead to a new filling wave.
The newest generation of gel protein restoration fillings, commonly known as young girls' needles, has the effect of stimulating rebirth, wrinkled protein, and natural, safe and lasting effects. The active ingredient of ellans-é is 30% pcl microball + 70% cmc gel. Polyphenols (polycaproclacone, pcl) can be degraded to carbon dioxide and water medical materials, often used for use.
The osteoporosis uses implants, stitches, etc... pcl microglob (25-50 micrometres) sustainably stimulates the growth of gel protein and degrades it over a relatively long period of time. cmcgel (carboxymethythcelluluse): a gel carrier extracted from a plant with good stickyness and elasticity, which immediately improves the wrinkles, wrinkles, and ultimately natural degradation in the human body.
Absorption. Ellens-é varies according to pcl microball wrap technology and has a degradation time of one to four years of continuous effect. The company is currently licensed for a domestic model of ellans-és. Figure 23: Four models: ellans-é
Young girl needle efficacy = the role of a coronary needle + urinary acid, coupled with immediate filling and continuous irritation of glycol protein growth. (ellans-é process: 1) cce gels provide immediate filling effects for 1 to 2 months of descendants; (b) cc gels are gradually degraded and pcl microballs stimulate continuous production of glycol proteins by fibre cells; (c) pcl drops
The wrinkled needles are much better and longer than the urinary acid. Since 2009, they have been on the market in Europe.
By October 2017, over 600,000 needles had been sold to young girls, while 355 had had an adverse reaction rate of as low as 0.05.6 per cent, with light edema/blocus (0.02 per cent) dissipating in a few days, with flaring/breathing (0.023 per cent) often reflected in operational technical errors, and the incidence of inflammation, haematoma and hardening was very low.
In contrast to the pcl injections, in the 6th, 9th and 12th months after the injection, the wrinkled treatment of injecting patients was better than that of the urinary acid injectors.
To repair the wrinkle skin, fill the dent and regenerate the aging skin by stimulating the regeneration of the human osteoporosis, with the effect of tightening, increasing elasticity, and improving the wrinkles. The skin effects of the pins are natural, real, longer-lived, usually 2-3 years old. However, there is currently no medical device of the ii type containing polyleft emulsions in the domestic market.
According to the company’s announcement, we estimate that the Emmett's pneumatic microballate filler was approved in the first half of 2021. In theory, the location and market of the puppies and girls’ needles were mainly partly replaced by partial filling of the porcelain acid.
At the same time, it stimulates regenerative proteins, and the effects are more natural. And the young girl's needles are filled with coagile urinary acids, which have long-lasting effects and may be longer-lived.
Filling the contours Filling the contours, skin improvement, tight upgrades, back to age, now the China East Pharmaceuticals Company. 2) In March 2020, Sinclair offered sculptra products distribution rights to galderma in the Western European market.
In 2019, Sinclair achieved income of RMB 509 million, of which the girls earned nearly RMB 300 million, or nearly 60% of their total income. Elans-é had previously been registered in Europe, South Korea, and Brazil, but had not entered the United States and China’s two major consumer markets. By April 13, 2021, shellans-és had received the National Drug Control Service.
Approval for listing, which will start in the second half of 2021; registration in the United States is also under way. We believe that, as a new generation of injection fillers, young girls' needles are consistent with the trend of modern-day beauty-seeking consumers, and that new projects are being offered to medical institutions in competition for the price of boulic acid and botox.
The first proven product in the country is expected to lead the way to a new filling wave. 3.2. Polyurinates compete for white heat, and corporate products will cover high, medium and low-end markets (hyaluronicacid, ha), also known as puretic acid, which is widely distributed among humans and animals.
The transparent substance is one of the main cytogenetic substrates with good biocompatibility, with good resistance and sticky elasticity after interconnection; transparent molecules can carry more than 500 times more water and have good moisture preservation. Transparency acids, because of their multiple properties, are the most common injections in the medical beauty field.
The market size of China ' s transparent Quality Acid Medical Terminals in 2020, according to frost&sullivan data, is about 5 billion yuan, with a composite growth rate of about 20% over the next five years.
Six countries, 20 manufacturers, have been awarded 54 iii-grade urinary acid injection products. Of these, 12 domestic manufacturers have been approved for 33 products, 8 foreign manufacturers have been approved for 20 products, and the number of urinary acid injections per year has been around six for the last five years.
Most of the new products that have been approved seek to be somewhat different from traditional products, such as technological breakthroughs, longer maintenance periods, the addition of a Lidocain factor, or other functional active ingredients. As a result, competition in the market for bouria is increasing, making it difficult for homogenous products to hold a long-term advantage in the market.
In 2019, the top three manufacturers were overseas brands, with a market share of nearly 60%. At present, companies have listed Yvonne Korean brands in the field of bouretic acid, and Swiss maili brands are being introduced on all sides.
High-, medium- and low-end consumer markets. 3.2.1. Korea's Yvonneuric acid, high-priced brand for middle- and low-end markets.
Yvonne's Yveri Yvonneururic Acid series of products. Yvonne's sales have been growing at a rapid rate of over 30% a year since entering China, and in 2019 he became the highest brand of bouria sold in the Chinese market at 22.5%; the market for sales comes from the Department of Life Sciences of the LG Chemical Company in Korea, which is transparent for more than 30 years in Korea.
Qualitative acid research and development and products based on production experience. Yvoire Yvonne uses a high molecular mass of 3 million da medical-grade ha raw material with longer and more closely sequenced urinary acid chains. Yvoire Yvonne's unique hice technology (high-concentration transparent acid balance) has the advantage of using the minimum bdde (combinant) to reach the highest connection.
Yvonne's clinical use in Korea for many years was one of Korea's leading sales brands. In 2015, he won China's most popular prize for urinary acid, and in 2016 he won the Chinese market for urinary acid.
Figure 34: The evolution of Yvonneuric acid has led to a continuous upgrading of products and prices, with four models approved in the country: Yvonnec, Yvonnev, Yvoncplus, and Yvvplus, respectively.
(a) The more expansive, with shallow injections to fill the face dentures, placate the true wrinkles, and build the line of softness in the face;
In terms of the distribution of prices for imported brands, Yvonne is located at the middle and lower end of the market, where the main competitive product is the national product plate. And because of the technological advantages of Yvonne, clinical use experience, branding effects are greater than the national product plate.
So there is still a strong competitive advantage in the middle- and low-end consumer markets, a classic brand of bourgeois acid with a high value for sex. Despite the impact of the epidemic, the market for boulina has been affected, and we expect that in 2020 the Yvonne sales will fall.
The market share of Yvonne may drop slightly, but it is still expected to remain at 10% in the long run. 3.2.2. Swiss maili urinary acid, a professional healer based in Geneva, Switzerland, with a high-end kyananelaboratories brand of Jojaden, is based in Geneva, Switzerland.
The Division, whose professional research and development team has more than 50 years of experience in the field of medicine and beauty, has extensive experience and insights, especially in the field of transparent quality acid, and has more than 20 patents. Maili is a series of high-end mono-polycerine fillings under the flag of kylane, which includes four mono-polycerines.
The oxifreetm patent technology applied by maili is characterized by the extraction of destructive oxygen during the manufacturing process (including stomping) in order to preserve the intrinsic properties of the long-molecular transparent acid chain.
It's a combination of techniques that provide a remarkable abundance of urinary acid, which is 34% higher than the transparent gel product of oxifree in the experiment.
Botox market patterns are subject to reshuffling, corporate agency preconditions are excellent. Botulinum toxin injections are mainly used for dynamic wrinkled, thin-faced/Lind-leg, which act as a barrier to the release of neurotransmitters, such as acetyl choline, resulting in chemical neurological effects such as muscle laxity, gland secretion disorder, etc.; their effects are evenly sustained.
Three to six months, in order to maintain medical beauty, consumption needs to be repurchased.gbi data show that the global market for botox in 2018 was $5.5 billion, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the same period, with the United States Botox, UK Dysport, Germany Xeomin accounting for 74 per cent, 15 per cent, and 7 per cent, respectively, of the remaining products.
It is expected to reach $8 billion a year, or about 17 per cent for the period 2019-2024.a The barriers to the qualification of botulinum toxins are high and have been certified for a long period of time. By 2020, only two products were marketed in the country, and by 2020, dysport and letybo products were marketed, breaking the oligopolistic pattern of competition in the domestic market for botox medicine.
In 2020, two items of botox products were approved, i.e., ipsen dysport in the United Kingdom (saled by Gothrome) and Korean hugel botulax (represented by quadrant medicine), and industry market patterns were reshuffled. In contrast to the four products, Botox and dysport are leading high-end routes, Botox is accurate and more suitable for dynamic wrinkled decomposition, and dysport works quickly and well.
Leybo's main product is light-luxury, tidal routes, high value for sex, adapted to most of the lower-middle- and middle-end consumers, applied to wrinkle-free, thin-faced, and so on. Strength-fixing low-end routes apply to large areas with thin faces, shoulders, legs, and so on. The meat-toxin market continues to be developed at a time when research products are expected to go on the market.
Products, in addition to several new products and new adaptive disorders, are in clinical trials. In terms of clinical trials, the German company Merz Xeomin is the most advanced and has completed three clinical trials.
The products of the Pharmacy Club (The Great Bear Industries in Beijing), revance, huons, are in the pre-clinical stages of clinical testing. It can be seen that in the next five years, at least five botulinum products will be placed on the market, market competition will become more intense, and an increase in the number of products will facilitate the full development of the domestic meat and toxin consumption market.
In August 2020, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Korean listed company Jetema, which acquired its type A botulinum toxin research and development products, including botulinum, botulinum acid, burial wires, medical equipment, cosmetics, etc. jetema introduced the strain of botulinum “ncc1319” and its commercialization rights from the British Public Health Agency in 2017.
The “atcc3502” genetic sequence similarity registered by the National Biological Information Centre is 99.97%. The “atcc3502” is a strain of the global pharmaceutical company Merz botox" xeomin, ipsen bottox dysport, which is 95.06% similar to the “hallahyper” strain of the allergan meat toxin botox. At the same time, jetema has a patent technology.
In June 2020, the botulinum toxin agent "the toxin100u" (commodity name epitox) was licensed to export, and was licensed to conduct 1/2 clinical trials in Korea for change.
Wrinkles between the middle or middle-heavy frowns; signed a contract for the supply of botulinum toxin products in August 2020 with Skinstoreltd, Brazil, and the China East Pharmaceutical Corporation, respectively, and generated an income advance of approximately $4.5 million from License-out.jetema is expected to apply for clinical a-type botox products in China in 2021, and is expected to get it in 2024.
We believe that the commercialization of botulinum toxin has been experienced for decades, and the risk of clinical failure is relatively small. The strains used by jetema have the endorsement of the global head product botox, Xeomin, dysport, which has been successfully tested, combined with production and management processes that meet the United States and South Korea cgmp standards, estimating the safety and effectiveness of the product.
The beauty line market is being developed, company products are expected to take up high-end positions in the formal market, and facial line beauty is also known as wire sculpture, which means the implantation of absorbable wires in different layers of tissue.
Lines, a series of micro-inventive treatment programs that achieve the aesthetic effects of the punctuated tissue tightening, the filling of the dent tissue, the improvement of skin quality, and the shape of the surface. Line upgrades apply to consumers with aging dry facials and lax subsidences, and the line rises are directed at shallow fats that move downwards, while the shrinking flattens of deep fats that appear when they age are filled mainly through soft tissues.
Injection fills the charge. In contrast to the traditional pandering operation, the wires have the advantage of duration, speed of recovery, long-lasting effects, and relatively low prices. The market is still small, mainly because (1) the wires are designed to address the problem of facial aging and hypothermia.
Question: With the current 90-year-old national medical and American consumer force, the demand for facial lifting is small; (2) the technique of the entombing project is more demanding for doctors, too shallow to sow the skin, too deep the wire can damage the nerve of the face and there is a risk of infection; 3) the current terminal market is more chaotic, with only American-American and Korean-student products receiving cfda approvals.
According to the data on new oxygen, health-care consumers over the age of 36 in China accounted for about 4.53% in 2019, making the market space smaller than that for boulic acids and botox filling. But as the 90-year-olds began to move into their 30-year-olds, the supply of formal domestic products increased, and the knowledge and acceptance of line sculptures increased, we admit.
The market will grow faster in the future. The product under the sinclair flag contains a series of silhouetteme beauty lines. The silhouetteme is an absorbable burial line that applies to facial, neck, etc. remodeling for up to 24 months; it is produced in the United States and manufactured globally.
More than 400,000 treatments have been administered, proving safety and effectiveness. Silhouetteme has planted line characteristics: 1) materials are plla and plga (polyl emulsifiable acid and polyl-emulsifiable ethanol acid), both of which have been medically safe for decades.
With the effect of stimulating regenerative regenerative gels, it combines a pull with a filling effect. 2) The shape is 3d bell shapes or cones, which can only be a single drop or a flat pull compared to most of the products on the market, with 3d cones technology that can be valid for organizational positioning and 360 degrees pull and better plastics. 3) They can be complemented by other aesthetic therapy.
This includes facial restoration, injection filling and energy-based equipment treatment (lasers, radio frequency, ultrasound, etc.).
(fda) China’s registration process has begun, clinical registration development programs and pilot programs are being prepared, and according to the company’s research and development progress announcement, we expect the product to be marketed in 2023. There has been a surge in health-care consumption, with companies entering two important areas of laser and refrigeration equipment.
In April 2019, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with r2dermatology, inc. of the United States to participate in R2 (26.60 per cent of shares) and to receive medical devices (f1 (frozen) and f2 (whole white) and their future improvements)
From China’s mainland, Japan, and South Korea to 34 Asian countries or regions, exclusive distribution rights. r2dermatology was established by pansendlifectias (a subsidiary of hc2holdings, inc.) and blossom innovations at the end of 2014. Since its inception, r2 has been studied in multiple centres in North America and Asia.
The platform r2 is supported by a permit from the Blossominnovations and the Massachusetts General Hospital (a member of the Harvard Medical Academy) and is dedicated to providing safe and comfortable treatment for patients.
CryomodulationTM's dermatological therapy has significantly improved the incidence of benign skin disorders, such as old-age flaps, by cooling the production of black so that it can be lightened, smoothed and updated skin; the cooling function during treatment for the time being helps to reduce pain, swell, and inflammation. Clinical trials have observed only minor side effects.
In addition, f1 (freezing) and f2 (all body white) devices are being developed and advanced.
Figure 49: Feedback on the effects of the use of glacialrxtm
f1 (refrigerated) 3.5.2. Acquisition of Hightech Company of Spain, targeting of body plastics and skin restoration hotspots Euros sales milestone payment, purchase of Hightechnology of the Spanish Energy Source Medical Equipment Company
The company’s business covers two major areas of medical beauty: body plastics and skin restoration, the main products of which are three refrigerated solution devices and two laser stripping products, and has a four-point project reserve, which is expected to be marketed globally in 2021-2024.
In February 2021, Hightech was officially certified by the European Union for the autonomous development of cooltechdefine refrigerated resin products; Titania, an innovative radio frequency research product for skin and body plastics, is also expected to be certified by the EUce in the fourth quarter of 2021 and will be marketed globally after approval.
The industry report on medicalinsight shows that the global market for body plastics and skins was about $1.51 billion in 2019, and combined growth is expected to be around 13% in 2018-2023 and $2.47 billion in 2023. In the plastics market, the market for frozen plastics is over 40%.
At the same time, the domestic frozen plastics market has a better pattern of competition and remains a blue sea market. Domestically, in the area of lipid reduction, the technology is mainly radio frequency, low-frequency lasers, high-intensity focus ultrasound, and frozen resins.
The treatment is completed by the decomposition of frozen fats, so pain, skin burns, pigmentation, etc., with similar treatments, are less frequent and more popular with both beauty-seeking people and doctors. At present, only Chinese medicine and Al-Build-Built-Budget have frozen-fat devices in mainstream medical companies.
4.1. Key assumptions and revenue projections
In 2020, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry earned $11,398 million, taking into account that in 2020 it was affected by the epidemic and the loss of Acapo sugar, but products such as Capofin, Lilalupe and others were expected to be marketed, assuming the pharmaceutical industry 2021-2023) and international medical and American operations
In the second half of 2021, the “girl needle” will be marketed on the Chinese market, estimated at 2021-2023,1 according to frost&sullivan data, there were about 14.5 medical consultations per 1,000 people in China in 2018, with a total course of treatment of about 2.02 million.
With the rapid rise in domestic health-care consumption, reference is made to the large population countries’ health-care penetration rates (12.6% in the United States and 11.6% in Brazil), we estimate that domestic health-care penetration rates by 20302 combined with overall data (70% of non-surgical-medical-American services in 2018) and industry research data, and I think that we're in a position to make a difference.
In 2019, they estimated that approximately 72% of all non-surgery visits were made. Reference is made to the New Oxygen White Paper. Injection projects accounted for approximately 84.71% of all non-surgery visits, facial rejuvenation projects (mainly photovoltaic projects) for about 8.90%, and other projects for about 6%.
Medico-American consumption is widely favoured, and we estimate a slow decline in injection-type projects, a slight decline in facial rejuvenation projects, a 51 per cent, 16 per cent and 33 per cent, respectively. 3) Based on the new oxygen data, urinary acid accounted for about 66.59 per cent of injection-type projects in 2019 and a ratio of bottoxin.
About 32.68% and other injections accounted for about 0.73%. Given the relatively mature market for botulinum, the fast-growing market for botulinum toxins, and the successive markets for new fillers, we estimate that by 2030 the share of botulinum projects could fall to about 51%, the share of botulinum could rise to about 42%, and the share of other projects to about 7%.
(4) Reference is made to frost&sulliván data, which in 2019 was about 20.5 per cent of the sales of Yvonne ' s urinary acid, and given the continuous increase in the number of products listed, but the significant advantage of Yvonne ' s price ratio, we estimate that by 2030 it will remain around 12 per cent in the number of people injected with urinary acid; and that it is based on Yvonne ' s terminal price and the price of the same product.
The discount rate, which we estimate to be around $400 in 2020, is a slow decline, and we expect to keep the sale volume at 1.3 billion by 2030. Mali urinary acid against the sign Joyardon, with the same product price, we estimate the price for urinate acid at about $4,000, estimated to be in 2030.
About 1.5 per cent of the amount of urinate injected is expected to reach about 1.5 billion sales.5) Based on the current domestic declaration of bottox, it is estimated that the market for bottox will become more intense by 2030, and we believe that the company is expected to achieve 5 per cent of the amount of injections, based on the advantages of strains and production processes; reference meat
6) Female needles are considered as the first product of this type and, in the case of fewer competing products of the same kind, are expected to maintain a favourable price, taking into account the prices of long-acting products of the same kind and of water products, and we estimate that female needles are priced at around $4,000, representing about 15 per cent of the number of injections of other new fillings by 2030, and are expected to reach about 1.6 billion.
7) The market for beauty lines is small and we estimate the price of silhouetteme to be around $1,000, the silhouetteme to be around 1% of other non-surgery projects, estimated to be about $500 million in 2030.
8) According to the Ere advisory data, in 2019 there were about 13,000 legal medical and aesthetic institutions in the country, and we estimated that by 2030 the proportion of hospital admissions was about 10 per cent, 3.5 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively, and that by 2030, the cost of medical and American equipment for the R2 company was about 600 million.
Given that the impact of the epidemic has subsided and new products are on the market, companies are expected to maintain a steady growth rate of about 20 per cent, and that Sinclair was severely affected by the epidemic abroad in 2020, with revenues of about $300 million, and given the above-mentioned information, we estimate that in 2030, the company’s medical and aesthetic portfolio is expected to reach about $9.6 billion in revenue.
The successive approvals for medical and American products are expected to generate revenues of about $9.6 billion, which will result in a re-evaluation and release of performance, with the risk that research and development will not progress as expected. According to relevant regulations such as the Medicines Register Management Scheme, the Medical Devices Register Management Scheme, and so forth, medicines and medical devices will need to be approved and approved by the National Drug Control Board and obtained the relevant product registration documents.
From laboratory research to final approval for marketing, the company ' s new products are usually developed through various stages of laboratory research, animal experiments, registration tests, clinical trials and registration declarations, with a long, difficult, complex and heavy research and development input, and there is some uncertainty as to whether the new products will eventually be marketed from the company ' s current product lines.
See, research on products such as urinary acid, bottox, etc. will be the driving force behind the growth of the company’s medical-American business, but there may be risks that the product will fail or that it will not progress as expected; 2) the market will not be as popular as expected. The market for medical beauty has grown rapidly in recent years, and the industry of medical beauty has averaged Māori.
With a high level of efficiency, attracting a number of firms to the domestic market through autonomous R & D or mergers, competition in the industry will gradually increase, as demonstrated by competition in R & D registrations, technology, product quality, product prices, marketing and services, and excellence. As a result, competition in the market for medically fine products such as urinate, botox, etc. is now becoming more competitive.
The marketing of new products may face additional obstacles, with companies placing new products on the market or risking less than expected. 3) The risk of medical beauty plastics accidents. Serious medical plastics accidents may cause industrial shocks, such as affecting consumer confidence, leading to a phased adjustment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board