The product structure has been highly optimized and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has continued to strengthen its profitability.
• The high demand for gas machines has led to a significant increase in the profitability of companies. In 23 years, 152,000 gas heavy cards were sold, compared to +307 per cent; 24 years, gas heavy cards were sold at a high rate, with a cumulative volume of 109,000 in January-June.
• Active development of new market demand, with product structure optimization still to be sustained. 25-27 June 24, 2004, China 2024 (Shanghai) international power plants and power generation from the big cylinders in the series M33/m55
The series of products meets clients’ needs for high-end, intelligent, green, energy-efficient, more power-efficient, high-power-density, global high-end dynamic markets such as 5g data centres, mines, hospitals, etc. are more competitive. The Tan Xin Rim team went to South Korea, Malaysia, and Singapore in June this year to study the ground.
The development of large data centres and the demand for power generation products are committed to accelerating the strategic growth of new-quality productivity. Of the 0.81 million cylinders sold in 23 years, 72.4 per cent of the revenue from overseas was generated by the motors of the m series, followed by an increase in product power and continued company demand for markets, the structure of the company ' s products will be one.
In the case of subsidiaries, Keisu achieved $8.75 billion in operating income in 23 years.
In addition, the weight of the wood fuel (000338): grab the structural machinery of the industry.
The profitability of important subsidiaries such as Mo, Levo and others will also be expected to improve, benefiting the company as a whole in terms of profit growth.
The opening up of new spaces for profit (2024-01-26) has not been, nor will it be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.