24q2 Super-expected engine poles are profitable upwards \triangleright 24q2 performance super-expected engine poles are profitable upwards.
\triangleright Carnet data, 2024q2 heavy card sales of 232,000, corresponding to 6.2 per cent, ring ratio - 14.9 per cent.
A total of 47,357 vehicles were sold in April-May, which is more than a quarter total. \triangleright exported 128,000 heavy cards in May, compared to +13.2 per cent, a significant increase overseas; fixed-asset investments are expected
Warming, trillions of national debt + local debt will lead to robust growth in the capital sector, and construction heavy card sales are expected to be repaired; consumption has recovered and social consumption as a whole has improved, with a zero-sum ratio of +3.7 per cent in May.
1. Medium-term investment strategy for the auto parts and components industry in 2024: In the smart term, the company is expected to benefit from being the leader of the heavy card engine industry.
\triangleright seeks to reduce and add sufficient market supply, ng prices have been falling steadily since February 24 years, and the national average oil and gas price difference in May was $2.6 above the one-year recovery cost premium threshold ($1.3).
Policy landings and fuelwood differentials continue to increase, with gas heavy-carat value ratios increasing, with a penetration rate of 39.2 per cent for gas heavy-carat penetration in May, compared to +16.8 pt, ring-1.5 ptt; and gas heavy-carat sales in May, which are expected to continue to increase, with company-owned gas engine markets expected to increase.
Investment proposals: Companies are diversifying their products and diversifying their operations. \triangleright’s good policies promote growth in demand, strong exports, constant upscaling of natural gas and rising company engine prices.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.