The \triangleright programme found a gold dividend of RMB 2,520 million, no red shares and no capital stock transfer.
\triangleright +1.25pct. The profit end is significantly higher than the profit end at the same rate, with the main benefit of the increase in the penetration of the gas heavy card and the first rating in the fuelwood (000338.sz) series: 24q
Gas heavy card penetration drives the company ' s engine volumes up. The company is the lead gas heavy card engine \triangleright, benefiting the gas heavy card penetration rate up. The company sold 69,000 gas engines in the first half of the year.
In July, the industry’s gas heavy card penetration rate was 38.5%, compared to 13.7pt, the ring ratio +4.1pt; Landing, the gas heavy card value ratio is increasing, and is expected to drive the company’s engine turnover up.
\triangleright Car Manufacturing Group, which issued a new share to the wood engine in 2012 and held a 25% stake in the wood engine after the trade was completed. \Cayquow has been operating steadily since his merger in 2014 and since then.
Revenue performance continued to be impressive, with Kei Hae achieving income of Euro5.74 billion in the first half of 2024, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year, an increase of Euro450 million in pre-tax adjusted earnings, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in profitability resulting from the impact of inflation and supply chain problems.
Investment Recommendations: The company is the absolute leader in the domestic engine sector and is expected to achieve a full increase in the volume of the engine as the gas heavy card continues to grow by extending its own product lines and increasing its core competitiveness. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.