On August 22, a gas machine + new state of business released a 24h1 financial report with $11,249 million in revenue, +5.99 per cent in the same year.
1. “In-depth study of the woodwork company: a recovery in heavy-card chain operations, with a high rate of growth in the new industry from 50 to 55 per cent.1 The profit-end growth is much faster than the income-end growth rate.
Increased penetration, with an upper-risk 24h1 penetration rate of 36.1 per cent and an increase of 16.1 per cent over 23h1 plus 20 pcts. The company ' s q2 gas engine was exposed to about 38,000 hazards, compared to +15,000, ring + 7k, and gas heavy card engines were more profitable.)
Volume-type upgrade: 23 years of major sales of natural gas products from 12 to 13l, a slight increase in vehicle power relative to diesel vehicles, over 13l this year, and companies moving forward to launch gas car 4.0 platforms, upgrade old money, roll out new 15l, 17l, enter one.
Step-by-step reduction of precious metal materials, reduction of total quality, and further enhancement of profitability. 3) The Revo and Keihua operations continue to be good: Revo grew by 28.1 per cent and profit by 34.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and Kai is proud to have a profit rate of 7.8 per cent before tax interest for the first half of the year, compared with +1.6 pcts.
2. The heavy card industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and the start of the replacement cycle with the old new policy is expected to lead to a firm incremental space, accompanied by robust export growth, a three-to-four-year defined upward cycle, company engines, transmission tanks, bridges, and a complete system.
Prospective returns, valuations and ratings Investment proposal: to reaffirm the opportunity for low placements, as the market anticipated the industry at the beginning of the year
The downside to the hyper-end-state, the build-up of personnel adjustment stock prices against the security edge, the recovery of the heavy-card industry, which is not as strong as expected, the volatility of natural gas prices, the over-intensity of the electrical heavy-card penetration, and the development of the new state of business are not as good as expected.
Appendices: 3 forecast summaries of statements
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market