Annual performance forecast for 2024: q2 performance over and above: announcement of performance forecast for the first half of 2024, expected 2024h1 to be achieved in the heavy card industry and 22.4/232,000 production batches for 2402, corresponding to 7.1%/-6.2%, respectively.
4.16 million re-cars under the flag, with the same ring ratio + 2.2 per cent/+ 7.0 per cent, are now above the industry average. A high-risk caliber, with a 24q2 card engine complement of 5.34 million units, and the same ring ratio of 10.0 per cent/+15.1 per cent, with a gas heavy card engine complement of 38,000 units, the same number.
Motivated structural improvements, increased contributions from affiliates, increased profitability due mainly to engine structural improvements and lower yields from ring growth. Corporate performance is higher than expected when the volume of industry sales drops.  Outlook: heavy card blocks have a strong alpha attribute, and multi-dimensional operations such as gas heavy card & large cylinders are resonant upwards. 1)
In the short term, gas heavy cards continue to be popular, and companies benefit fully, with gas heavy cacagos taking over 1 performing well, gas heavy cards/Kay performing well.
High profit rates drive up. 2) Medium-term dimensions, high-profit large-drill engines are corporate-focused, breaking through of opportunity products, and companies continue to expand the overseas market for their products to accelerate up; in addition, heavy-gas structures continue to optimize, end discounts are narrow and profitability is good. 3) Long-term dimensions, public
The Division is actively engaged in stocking products and accelerating the development of wpdi, methanol motors, hydrogen internal combustion engines;
The core of the pool is a breakthrough in technology that accelerates marketization.
We maintain the company ' s 2024-2026 profit forecast, the net profit return, the three major financial projections for fuelwood power, the East Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.