It's an infrastructure tap, which benefits from national substitution, 5g construction, cloud computing trio-drives, the main force of the Xanax group, the cloud industry, the creation of the "unis purple" + "h3c" two brands, the "from core to cloud" strategy of the Purple Group, which includes the shares of the cloud and its components.
The holding company Xinhua San and Purple West data, the company became the main force in the cloud industry. Through endogenous + outreach, the company provided industry users with a package of solutions from its infrastructure to industry applications, and the two brands, unis purple + h3c, continued to grow in visibility.
• Substitution of national production and demand of 5g, with significant advantages for the infrastructure poles. The company achieved a 31% hold on Xinhua in May 2016, expanding the product line, with significant synergies. Servers and storage products lead the home country, with a “hpe+h3c” strategy moving fast.
Third, the switchboards and routers lead to a strong safety product that is a core provider of operators. Given the foreign background of the three players, the switch is limited in terms of domestic development, and the purple stock will help to expand the domestic market.
• Xinhua’s share of the market is the first in the country, the “Cities of Clouds” is driving up demand, the market is continuing to grow high, and Xinhua’s share is the first. According to the Xinhua Information Report, Xinhua’s share of the market is 19.6%, and market ownership continues to be ahead of all other competitors.
From central to local, the government is pushing the business uphill. The Xinhua-United Purple Group, among others, has launched a project to build urban clouds, industrial clouds, and the first cloud has landed in Suzhou. The launch of an “onenet, oneos” networking strategy in partnership with operators is expected to open up the space for growth.
The market for sdn software is growing at a high rate and is expected to grow at a compound rate of over 40% in the future. Xinhua’s third sdn market share is first, the router is strong, the telecommunication operator is re-constructing. The year 2017 is the nb-iot commercial year.
Xinhua has launched an “onenet, oneos” networking strategy to cover hardware to the platform. “Performance growth meets expectations, transforming cloud service providers – catalysts: expansion of the goods network business is more than expected; autonomous control and import substitution processes are accelerated;”
Xinhua's performance has increased dramatically, pushing the cloud forward.
1. The Government has continued to promote networking and the landing of 5g, and operator orders have continued to grow. 2. Urban and industrial clouds have actively advanced, and demand for cloud services has grown rapidly.
The view that Xinhua San's business is expanding well and creating good synergies with the company's original business is different from the market's view that Xinhua's server and storage business is run by the Hpe+h3c brand.
The strategy is that Xinhua San is just selling Xinhua servers and storage business products, and the synergies are not clear; we believe that with the company's technological and market leadership in switchboards, routers, sdn, the company's autonomous servers are expected to grow rapidly.
2. The market view, in part, is that the current implementation of the Internet requires a longer-term process and continuous promotion by the operator, and that the Xinhua 3 layout will face greater difficulties; we believe that Xinhua 3 ' s routers, switchboards, sdn technologies are being reconfigured through a network of enablers, and that cooperation with the operator is deepening.
A good basis for future cooperation between the two sides in the field of material networking. 3. Some of the market views suggest that the Internet giants are heavily invested in cloud infrastructure, with strong financial and scale advantages, and that competition in the industry will increase further; we believe that Xinhua's 3-Utility Purple Collection
Xinhua is the first and most powerful member of the market in the city, and the current government is pushing for rapid growth in the context of the cloud.
Increased expansion of the physical network operations; accelerated process of autonomous control and import substitution of servers and storage; accelerated landing of the “Cloud Bund”
Two brands 1.1, the Purple Group “From Core to Cloud” strategy is further advanced, with the company becoming the master of the cloud industry, the Purple Group Ltd. is under the banner of Qinghua Holdings Ltd., a State-owned asset management company at the University of Qinghua
Corporations and groups can develop their health on the basis of their combined talent and technological resources at the University of Qinghua. According to information from the Web, the industry dominated by the Purple Group includes the “core industry” (integrated circuit industry) and the “crowd industry” (which includes sharpness, the “black core” and the storage of the Yangtze River), while the “crowd industry” is the “crowd industry”
Utility shares and their holding companies Xinhua San and Utility Western data. Utility shares are the main forces of the Utility Group's cloud industry.
The company’s net profit in 2017, according to the company’s annual performance forecast for 2017, was attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Continued increase in profitability of operations; (3) increase in corporate government subsidies, etc. Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and the same ratio (%) 1.2, provision of solutions from infrastructure to industry application, endogenous + extension to build `violet unis'
+ "h3c" dual brands, through endogenous + outreach, provide industry users with a package of solutions from the int infrastructure to industry applications. In 2016, the company raised more than 20 billion dollars through non-public distribution, except for the Chinese triad.
In addition to 51% of the shares, full holdings of the original holding company Purple Software, Purple Digital have been achieved. The company has also set up a joint venture with Western Department data on the western side of the company Purple West (51% of the shares of the company). At present, the company's core business basically covers important areas of its services, such as government, finance, energy, education, electricity, medical care, manufacturing, etc.
Multi-industry clients provide an integrated package of solutions covering Internet services such as IT infrastructure development, industry application solutions, system integration and system operation maintenance, data storage and processing.
Solution. With 51% of the company ' s original shares in purple software, and a 2016h1 increase, the company has fully held ownership of purple software. Purple software provides a multidisciplinary, integrated industry solution service and self-developed software products. Industry solutions include, inter alia, e-government industry solutions, digital civil industry solutions, and wide power.
Solutions, educational informatization solutions, and industrial solutions for web-based video surveillance systems are fully-funded companies with a leading national distribution of violet digitals. The company originally held 56% of the violet digital shares, and after 2016h1, the company achieved full ownership of the violet digitals. For Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Union, Samsung,
In September 2016, the company formed a joint venture with the world’s largest hard drive provider, West Side data, with a total investment of $300 million, registered capital of $158 million, and companies accounted for the company.
51% of the shares. Western data is a giant in disk storage, and in 2016 they acquired the flashy sandisk (one of the largest global nand flash chip manufacturers). In the Central State Agency ' s Government Procurement Centre, in its Bulletin of the Central State Agency ' s Agreement for the Purchase of Information Products of 2017-2018, Utwig Data
In the annual report on market research in China ' s storage system, 2016-2017, published by Sadie 's consultant, the Utility West data was evaluated as "the market challenger of China ' s storage system 2016" by virtue of its superior development capabilities.
In 2016, H1 acquired 51% of HHP’s Hong Kong Three (subsequently Xinhua III) shares.
Three (English brand name h3c) are leading companies, servers, and storage operations for products such as switchboards, routers, wlans, and so forth. As the cloud service strategy moves forward, corporate combined strength and market influences become more visible, with the two major brands, unis purple + h3c, growing in visibility.
2 5g demand and national production replacement of double overlaps, with a significant advantage in the infrastructure pole 2.1. Consort to the Xinhua 3 product line, with significant synergies. Company 2016h1 completed a firm increase and 51% of Xinhua 3C companies were formally formed in May of the same year.
The acquisition of Hong Kong's owner, Hong Kong Sanhua, included 100% of the entire business of Chinese communications, and the company held 51% of the stock when the purchase was completed. Prior to the acquisition, Hong Kong's Chinese company, Hong Kong China, eg, was integrated into Hong Kong's three flag. In May 2016, the Xinhua Group was formally established.
Figure 5: Acquisition of and integration into the stock structure of Hong Kong by 31 per cent Xinhua and Xinhua's operations include all of China's communications operations, HP China's eg operations (hp brand services and storage sales, and related technical services), with specific products and services including:
(1) Research and development, production and sale of network equipment such as routers, switches, etc. This part of the business is mainly related to the sale of hardware products such as Hang (2) servers, storage equipment (primarily hp servers and storage sales).
(3) Technical services operations, including technical support operations and technical advisory services. Technical support operations are mainly operated by Mt. Purple, and technical advisory services are mainly operated by Hewlett-Packard Tianjin. 2.2 Xinhua III is the flagship of exchanges and routers, benefiting from 5g demand and national production replacements for rapid development.
Given the foreign background of the M&As and the limitations on the domestic development of services such as the switchboard, the U.S.S. Light Holdings will help to expand the domestic market. According to data from Zdc, the share of the H3c switch business market has been higher than that of China and Cisco, and there are policies such as national production substitution, due to the autonomous control that began in 2014.
The market focus of H3c and Cisco has been declining, with China’s market interest rising to the top. With purple light beginning to hold on to the stock market in 2016, the country’s financial background will help it to tap into the relevant clients, such as operators, governments, state corporations, and industry.
The national capital holding background will facilitate Xinhua’s extensive cooperation with telecommunications operators. Since May 2016, when it was placed under a purple light control, Xinhua’s core products, such as the switchboard, routers, wireless, network security, servers, storage, etc., have been connected to China, China’s telecommunications and China’s three major telecommunications operators.
There are five main routes: Cisco, Juniper, Wah, Nokia and Naking. Cisco and Juniper entered the market earlier, but they have been weak for some years. Nokia has entered the core route by market late, and the products in question are in the three main sectors.
The share of commercial applications is not high; it is in the domestic market for core routers, whether share, income, or profit. In this market pattern, the power of Xinhua in the core routers field will undoubtedly be very helpful in shaping new market patterns.
5g will create an all-body connection structure, nb-iot, or a large chain of sizes that will evolve into the next 5g break-down technology. According to U.S.A.net, U.S.A. believes that 5g will create an all-body connection structure. The 5g standard-setting group 3gpp defines embb (enhanced mobile broadband), urllc (low-time delay and reliability), mmtc
Three sets of scenarios, covering all types of networking sites.
We have clearly proposed a 5g commercial year 2020, with an overall investment of over 500 billion yuan in network building. According to the deployment of the Ministry of Information and Technology, the Chinese Imt-2020 (5g) advance team, and the 5g commercial plan of the three major operators, we will start testing phase 2 of the 5g network in 2017, and a large-scale network of pilot groups in 2018.
On this basis, the 5g network was launched in 2019, with the latest official commercial 5g network in 2020. According to the PVN message, the three major operators are expected to launch the 5g network in 2019, with the total size of the network equivalent to the existing 4g network, with an overall projected investment of over $500 billion.
The White Paper on the Economic and Social Impact of 5g states that, in the early stages of the 5g commercial cycle, operators will undertake a large-scale network build-up, with network and terminal equipment spending likely amounting to $450 billion by 2020. By 2030, 5g is expected to generate, indirectly, around $3 trillion and 3.6 trillion in value added directly in the country.
As autonomous control and national substitution move forward, the router market patterns will be adjusted, the share of foreign firms will decrease, and the share of Xinhua will continue to rise. According to information from idc, company announcements, etc., Xinhua III's business class routers are expected to be around 20% of the domestic market in 2014-2017.
Three-tier routers are the main R & D, and the main entities producing them. In the current business-level router market, the share of foreign investment is declining, with China occupying the largest market share, while the diversified market pattern favours downstream demand (e.g. telecommunications), corporate technological strength and brand advantage, and the share is expected to grow steadily.
The market share of China ' s business-level routers and Hangzhouhua three routers is estimated to have achieved a larger share of Xinhua in the three major operators during the year. (1) The core routers enter China, the mobile high-end routers collect all the rows, and three of them receive their first share.
China moves to publish the results of the bidding for the intrusion defence system (ips) equipment from 2018 to 2019. Of these, the winning companies in the first paragraph (80g sign) are Xinhua III (70%) and China (30%). (2) China has the highest share in the selection of the connecting ip series products.
H3c’s revenues from the Ethernet exchange are entirely from the Chinese and Hong Kong markets, with an increase of 37.3% in the third quarter, and H3c is now successful in business and Chinese cloud suppliers.h3c’s business routers also performed well, with an increase of 50.9% in the third quarter.
Wireless and safe products are an important part of Hangzhou's three operations, and the revenue contribution is second only to the switch, and is expected to be $1.2 billion and $600 million, respectively. The main products in the wireless are the enterprise-level wifi (wlan), security product design firewalls, content filtering, intrusion detection, behavior audit,
For eight years in a row, the company’s wireless product was the first in the Chinese company’s wlan market, and in 2016 it launched Oasis Yunping, an Oasis-Aided Business wifi. According to the company’s network, Xinhua is the only country involved in the ietfwlan standard system.
The firm has maintained China's first share of the wlan market for eight consecutive years since 2008. In 2016, Xinhua San launched the Newit online operating platform, the Oasis platform, which serves the wi-fi operating class, the networking plus transformation of o2o enterprises, and a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), ultimately bringing better to customers.
Xinhua Trinity launched its Oasis Cloud Platform in 2016.
Trader's most mainstream safety product provider. Xinhua's autonomous development of safety product cover three levels: network security, application security, and security management, while maintaining long-term and deep cooperation with international security organizations such as Microsoft, Kabaski, cve, Commtouch, iksa, and well-known manufacturers to ensure continued application layer protection for safe products
Power. In 2016, Xinhua's three-line hit, firewalls were six points, five points first, load balances were six points, three points first. Again in 2017, the winning bid was marked by mobile firewalls, load equalizers, with load equals receiving 70% of the third mark of the load equalizer, moving the market in the middle.
Xinhua 3 safety products cover three levels of network security, application level security, and security management, and Xin 3 is working with Xin to apply the ai technology to cybersecurity. As a member of the Xinhua 3 ecological union, Xin has accumulated over 10 years of an algorithm, and in April 2017, the two parties jointly displayed the machine.
Learning about applications in the field of security. Assin security maintains a national lead in virtual security, server security, cloud safety, telecommunications operators, and service markets, Xinhua has a rich product line and strong marketing ecology, and cooperation will provide users with international leading industrial Internet security technologies and solutions.
3. Xinhua’s share of the market is the highest in the country, and the “Cities of the Year” has been the driving force. 3.1. Xinhua’s market growth continues to be high. Xinhua’s market is providing a cloud computing infrastructure. Xinhua’s market growth is high, at $9.15 billion in 2016, a 93 per cent increase, and is projected to be over 60 billion in 2021.
According to the report, China ' s market for China ' s government is estimated to be 9.15 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 93.0 per cent, and the demand for the market for the same is increasing at all levels of government. The report predicts that the market will be 17.8 billion yuan in 2017 and more than 60 billion yuan in 2021.
According to Xinhua III, which accounts for 19.6% of the market share, continues to dominate all of his competitors, with a clear competitive advantage. At the same time, Xinhua III is well-placed as China’s top brand leader in China’s political market, and Xinhua III is well-placed as “China’s first brand.”
Xinhua San has further consolidated his position as a leader in China’s market with the outstanding achievements of 12 national, 18 provincial and more than 200 local and county-level political cloud projects. Xinhua San is Xinhua’s sole chief agent in China’s server and storage operations, and has the technological advantages and size of hardware.
After the completion of the merger of the eg operation in China in Hong Kong, the Xinhua flag of Xinhua has become an exclusive HP server with storage equipment in mainland China. According to the company’s bulletin, the Māori rate for the sale of this segment of the server and storage is 7% and 10%;
In addition, Uttar Pradesh provides services related to servers and storage, and the company estimates its Māori rate at nearly 50%. Xinhua III servers and storage (formerly HPeg Business Sheet 6: 2015-2017 Xinhua III servers and storage (formerly HPeg autonomously developed H3c servers and storage, dual brand strategy advanced, target to enter the domestic market in 2018)
Three. In May 2016, Xinhua’s first autonomously developed servers and storage products and co-operations and final users met, including five H3c brand servers (x86 structures) and two storage products. In August 2017, Xinhua’s CEO and CEO of Xinhua’s ceo in Yingtao, in Newit’s New Dynamic Model – Xinhua’s 3-generation calculation and storage
Xinhua San aims to enter the first three servers and storage markets in 2018. Xinhua San has accumulated over time in switchboards, business routers, and related software programs, has a strong infrastructure for it, and the server and storage operations of hpe+h3c are expected to develop.
Xinhua San's servers and storage implement the hpe+h3c dual brand strategy Industrial standard servers Key business servers
Hpe Industrial Standard Server H3c Industrial Standard Server
Robust servers, blade servers, towers.
Blade servers, high-density servers, cloud-oriented servers.
Infrastructure management server h3c enterprise-level storage hpe enterprise-level storage
All flash and mixed arrays store all flash and mixed arrays store entry-level storage
Entry-level storage Enterprise-level high-end storage Data backup and protection
Data backup and protection Software complete storage 2017q2 Xinhua 3x86 server share 15.1% fourth, blade server share
One. According to idc data, the overall size of the market for China ' s 2017q2 x86 servers reached $2.39 billion, a 15% increase compared to the previous year. Xinhua, one of the major domestic server producers in the field of servers, has experienced strong growth, with the producers ' sales increasing by 39%, accounting for 15.1% of the total market share, ranking fourth, distance.
The third-highest producer was only 1.8% different and only 3.4% from the first, while Xinhua III continued to be in the top position on the blade server market at 27.5%. q2 q2 q86 server market q3 Xinhua in 2017
3.2 From the central to the local level, the Government has promoted the enterprise to Uyun. The Ministry of Industry and Communications plans to develop policies and guidelines to support the enterprise. Zhe, Jiang and Lu have taken the lead in setting up the plan.
The construction of about 10 national industrial Internet platforms and a group of industry Internet platforms and plans to develop policy measures and operational guidelines to support the growth of the business sector. In January of that year, the Governor of Zhejiang, in his Government’s Report on the Work of the Government in 2017, stated that “Ten steps forward”
In April, the Zhejiang Department's Head Group for Information Work issued the “Incorporated Clouds” Plan of Action (2017), which stated the overall objective: to create 100,000 more upper clouds throughout the province, to foster 3-5 of the country's leading cloud platform service providers, 10 of the industrial cloud application platform and 100 of the cloud application service providers.
Jiangsu's "1+30+300 Project" drives the production of clouds. In early April 2017, Jiangsu issued a circular for the implementation of the first Jiangsu "1+30+300" project, which plans to enter Aliun and 30 families in the province.
In-depth collaboration between the Integration Service and 300 manufacturing enterprises; the “1+30+300” project was officially launched in Jiangsu in April 17 at the end of April by the Economic Commission for Peace and Security of Jiangsu and Ali Yun at a meeting of luck.
Table 8: Recommended quotas for municipalities in Jiangsu “1+30+300” projects. Municipal information authorities may increase their recommendations as appropriate, depending on the quality of the project.
The People's Government of Shandong Province issued an executive opinion on the implementation of document [2016] 28 on deepening manufacturing and Internet integration; in August, the Economic and Social Commission of Shandong Province and the Department of Provincial Finance conducted a workshop on the document and organized a conference on the theme "Change of Business". In June 2017, the People's Government of Jinan City issued an initiative on "Change of Enterprises" in Jinan City.
Plan (2017-2019). In August, companies such as tidal waves and Xinnan movements led the creation of the “Change of Enterprises” innovation coalition. 3.3, Xinhua-United Purple Group, among others, launched the “Chou-City of Clouds” project.
Xinhua has launched H3cloud 2.0, which fully supports cloud ecological applications, with a focus on urban and industrial clouds. In April 2017, Xinhua launched H3cloud 2.0, which is fully supported with cloud-bearing applications, at its first Navigate2017 pilot summit, and will also increase its input, focusing on industrial and urban clouds and cooperating partners.
Together with the upgrading of product capabilities, ecological capabilities and operational capabilities to take up the city in future mega-competitive patterns, Xinhua and Xinhua have launched the Xinchu City Plan and set up a New City Operations Alliance with the Purple Group, among others, which is planned for the month of the Navigate 2017 Pilot Summit, where companies such as Xinhua and the Purple Group have announced the Xinhua City.
According to the “Chu-City” project, Xinhua will build 100 new cities, 10 industrial clouds, and 100 top-level partners in three years, leading to the investment of 300 billion yuan in urban cloud infrastructure. Xinhua led the launch of the New City Operating Alliance, which will adopt a new model of platform plus ecology that will bring cities to scale.
In June of this year, the Purple Light Group and Xinhua Xinhua Group, the Purple Clouds Technology Company Ltd., and the City of High Iron, Suzhou.
According to a joint agreement signed by Industrial Development Ltd., a limited public division for purple cloud engine technology (Suzhou) has been co-financed. UVC engine technology (Suzhou) will join industrial Internet eco-partners to build an industrial 4.0 cloud platform, using the Sioux City Smart Manufacturing Demonstration Project as an entry point for more than 9,000 manufacturing firms in Tzusu State.
To create Suzhou Industrial Clouds as a demonstration base for manufacturing industry nationwide, providing full support for the transformation and upgrading of industrial industries throughout the country.4 The “onenet, oneos” networking strategy has been launched in collaboration with the operators.
Networking and 5g opening up promising growth spaces 4.1. The creation of a wide range of standards such as lora, nb-iot, 5g.
Communications technology such as the Internet, connecting sensors, controllers, machines, people and objects in new ways to form networks of people, goods and things, information, remote management control and intelligence.
With a global income of $2.712 billion in 2015, global income is projected to reach $7.06 billion in 2020, with a compound annual growth rate of 21.11 per cent for the United States dollar; the base for the installation of the network will increase from 17.5 per cent to 28.1 billion by 2020. McKinsey projects a potential economic impact of the network until 2025.
The network includes a variety of technical standards, with Lora being the technical standard for the LVWAN lpwan, and nb-iot and 5g being the technical standards for the networking of goods promoted by operators and industry chain enterprises.
Technical standards, low-power wide area network lpwan is a revolutionary international access technology in recent years, characterized by long distances, low power consumption, low maintenance costs, etc., and mainstream technologies such as lora and nb-iot, which work in unauthorized frequencies, while the latter work in authorized frequencies, which are the technical standards promoted by recent operators.
Figure 28: Nb-iot network architecture. In 2017, we entered the commercial year of scale nb-iot, where the Ministry of Information and Communications requested 1.5 million base stations in 2020. In June 2016, 3gpp passed the nb-iot standard, and three major operators started adding them.
• By 2020, the Nb-iot network will have achieved universal coverage throughout the country, targeting indoors, traffic networks, underground networks, etc.
Deep coverage with the scene, reaching 1.5 million base stations. 4.2, Xinhua Trisdn's market share is first, help telecommunication operators re-construct. Software definition network (softwaredefinedwork, sdn) is a new network architecture, in which
According to Flight: sdn/nfv was the birthplace of 5g, the key technology that left sdn/nfv could not be achieved. The market for sdn software is growing at a high rate, with a projected future composite growth rate of over 40%.
The market size of China will reach 970 million yuan in 2017, and the market of China ' s sdn (software) will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years, reaching 4.67 billion yuan by 2021. Figure 30: China ' s market size and growth rate forecast for 2015-2021 (software)
The essence of sdn (software-defined network) is to separate control from forwarding, allowing the network to be flexible and open. sdn separates the network's control level from the data-remittance level, thereby making it possible to program and control bottom hardware through a centralized control platform, allowing for flexible and demand-driven redeployment of network resources;
In the network, control and transmission of traffic is dependent on network equipment, which combines specialized operating systems and specialized hardware, infv (virtualization of network functions, network operation virtualization) through a common server.
. Nfv integrates the network communications function into a common x86-structured server or other hardware platform, with routers, switches, load balances, firewalls, etc. that can be achieved through a common server and related software.
The emphasis on network re-engineering through virtualization is usually used together by two terms for telecommunications operators. Figure 32: Sdn and nfv focus range comparison in the osi model
Operators deploy drive intelligence, openness, and cost savings for sdn/nfv. The sdn technology can provide a wide range of automation, needs-based delivery and mobile functions, helping to further enhance the virtualization of data centres, increase resource flexibility and utilization, and reduce infrastructure costs and expenses.
The features of openness are conducive to the development of a network of telecommunications operators to be intelligent and open, and to the development of a richer network of services and efficiency gains.
The year began with a network re-engineering based on sdn and nfv. In 2016, China Telecom launched a ctnet 2025, which was planned for a decade of network re-engineering with the goal of creating a new network that is simple, agile, open and effective, noting that the next generation of networks has four features, namely software and virtualization of functionality, networking, etc.
The sdn market has cultivated for many years and Xinhua has a 23.6% share of Xinhua's sdn software, leading the country. According to the IMF report, Xinhua San and China were in the lead in 2016, with Xinhua making use of the sdn field for many years.
Software development and technology overlaps ahead of other manufacturers. In recent years, Xinhua has introduced a variety of landscape-based “application-driven network” solutions, such as application-driven data hearts, application-driven park networks, application-driven wide area networks, etc., in response to users’ demand for landscapes.
Xinhua San can provide a full set of sdn solutions from sdn devices, sdn controllers, sdn business layouts, sdn applications to sdn administration. Xinhua Trisdn solutions can be divided into four layers, from the bottom of the relay layer (with all operating systems available, supporting sdn) to the control layer (autonomous sdn developed).
Controls, supports openflow and traditional network protocols, to the business layout level (visible) and up to the application level (circle-building with partners, sdn applications).
The operator network is the most critical component. The telecommunications-level cloud platform H3clud cg was launched in 2017 by Xinhua III, consisting of the telecommunications-level virtualization platform h3ccascg and the telecommunications-level cloud-pipe platform h3cludoscg, which is the most critical component of the operator network re-engineering.
Xinhua sdn/nfv assists the three major operators in re-engineering the network.1 At the beginning of 2016, Xinhua (then Chinese) became one of the newly established partners of the Chinese mobile opnfv laboratory, signed by both parties.
Strategic cooperation agreements to deepen collaborative innovation in the area of sdn/nfv.2 The Xinhua Tricas virtualization software project, “China Telecom Centralized Purchasing Server Virtual Software 2016”, successfully winning in 2016, was deployed on a scale from the China Telecommunications Group and the provincial corporate cloud computing pool to provide a reliable and stable virtual software platform for telecommunications.3
In 2016, China Connect established the Cord Union, of which Xinhua San is a member, and in 2017 the two sides announced their cooperation in network re-engineering based on sdn/nfv technology, including companies in the provinces of Shandong, Guangdong and Shanxi.
In April 2017, the Xinhua cluster router officially launched the Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinhua cluster router, Xinjiang network.
Cr 19000 supports the rich sdn feature for the first time in the field of cluster routers to help users achieve the intelligent deployment and visualization of wide-area backbone networks; at the same time, cr 19000 is the first cluster router in industry to support cloudization, ensuring that the cluster control system continues to function forever and fully meets the operational-level user deployment requirements.
The clouded cluster router cr 19,000 steps into the operator's backbone area 4.3, from hardware to platform, the “onenet, oneos” networking strategy is moving fast.
In August 2017, in China’s first nb-iot telecommunications module procurement, the Xinhua tri-group single-house tags will provide China with cellular networking products, including the nb-iot communication module and the accompanying development board.
The size of the division may be small (5-10 US dollars, according to the Chinese electronics article, nb-iot model, while the Ministry of Information and Communications has requested 1.5 million of our nb-iot base stations in 2020), but as Xinhua San cooperates with the operators, the future company is looking forward to cooperating in areas such as 5g.
In August 2017, Xinhua and China formally signed an agreement to establish strategic partnerships in the areas of communication services, provision of resources, and sharing of resources. The two sides will work on the Internet platform, the big data on the Internet, and the Internet.
Close cooperation among products, object networking modules, physical network security, physical networking landscape programmes, etc., sharing of advantages Resources, joint R & D and landing practices to promote rapid growth of the property networking industry. Figure 39: Xinhuazo became the first member of the China Connected Goods Industry Alliance
In April 2017, Xinhua-Shunhua launched the “onenet, oneos” networking strategy, which introduced hardware, oasis, multiple landscape solutions, etc. The Xinhua-Shunt-Cto-Yu stressed that the so-called onenet, a broad-connected network based on sdn, is a network that combines a variety of terminals and allows them to respond.
The end does not feel the end difference; the so-called "oneos" (the Xinhua III launch of the Oasis Networking Platform) is the creation of an ecological alliance of the PACE operating systems, using the same object network terminals. Under the strategic direction of the "onenet, oneos" network, Xinhua has already been in the field of the Xinhua network technology, including nb-iot.
It is based on sdn, which is based on the powerful technological advantage of sdn, and it is also based on the great technological advantage of sdn.
Constructed a virtual, logical integration network that makes different types of networks, like wifi, bluetooth, zigbee, lora, transparent, seeing no longer differences in hardware and technology standards, seeing the logical connection of knowledge.
Inter-network connections, resource allocation on demand. This also allows clients to stop thinking about the differences between networks, and only needs to harmonize their network resources, end resources, depending on the needs of the different operations.
The Xinhua Trioneos network. The Xinhua Trinity Network Oneos architecture is based on container technology and enables cross-platform, cross-hardware, network capacity support systems, including oasis clouds and end-side connections with oneos frames, which have been built at different levels prior to the combination.
There are clouds, private clouds (business engines), edge computing gateways, and smart terminals. Under this unified rack, applications can move layers, data can migrate layers, open interfaces are consistent, and users experience is consistent. Why Xinhua wants to build onenet, oneos, and provide a solution from hardware to platform development?
Programs? From the point of view of the industrial chain, the object network can be divided into sensor layers, network layers, platform layers, and application layers. On this basis, the product network chain can be divided into six broad segments, namely sensors and chip providers, communication modules and equipment providers, network service providers, intermediate and application developers, system integrators, platform operators and service providers.
The core value of the industrial chain, however, has gradually shifted from sensor base equipment to platform layer and application. All endpoints can only represent greater commercial value if they are connected. Figure 43: Core value of the networked industrial chain from sensor base equipment to platform layer and application
In April 2017, Xinhua III launched the lora module and the outdoor network macro station, which can be used for non-carrying low-power consumption networking. Xinhua III launched the Multi-Purpose Networking Base at the April Navigator Summit.
The outdoors network macrostation wa5630x. Lora is an unauthorised frequency of lpwan (low-power network) technology that can be used for networking of non-operators' industrial specialties.
Programs. Smart cities focus on technologies such as low-capacity wide area network lpwan (lora, nb-iot, etc.), zigbee, bluetooth, rfid, wifi, etc., to improve the level and efficiency of urban management in areas such as environmental protection, urban public safety, traffic parking, and the lower porch.
Figure 45: Xinhua Three Smart Cities Solution 5, Profit Forecasting and Investment Proposal
With regard to cloud computing, the company's “Cities of Clouds” project and its ecological partners form a “New Cities Operating” alliance, the first of which has landed in Suzhou. In cooperation with operators, it is deepening and is developing continuously in the areas of network re-engineering and networking (nb-iot, 5g).