Utility shares (000938), IT technology hardware and equipment, "Cloud Network End" whole-sector chain layout, political cloud poles.
Inner growth forms the fabric of the whole industry chain, technology, products, and high market barriers.
Combining modern information systems for research and development, construction, operation, maintenance of integrated whole-of-industry chain service providers, covering essentially the key areas of IT services and marketing.
With only 2.1 per cent growth, China ' s exchange market space is expected to reach 18.7 billion yuan in 2017, maintaining growth at around 10 per cent, above global growth levels. Substitution by domestic producers is an absolute advantage of 33.2 per cent market share, with China ' s regional firm level leading the wlan market
In the area of security, China ' s investment in information security as a percentage of total investment in information security is only 1.84 per cent of total equity/flow (million shares), less than one half of the global average, and will remain relatively high in the future.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is large. The company’s overall service capacity will help fast-track the market for cybersecurity products.
Cloud computing will be the driving force behind the company’s future development. The policy cloud has become an integral part of cloud computing.
By 2021, more than $60 billion will be available. The trend in the cloud-counting market industry has arrived, and the Department, as the main infrastructure manufacturer and service provider, is looking for its own business location and is oriented towards the purple share (000938), based on customer demand.
Xinhua has taken the lead in creating an industry-wide layout of the Xinhua triad, and has built 12 ministerial-level political clouds and 18 provincial administrations.
–2017/04/28 Clouds, more than 200 local and subdistrict political clouds.1 Internal and external formation of whole industry chain layouts, technology, products, high market barriers
From the point of view of the subsidiary structure, the company has gradually refined the whole industry chain layout of the “Cloud-Net-End” through the four versions of Xinhua III, Purple Software, Purple Digital, Purple-Swiss Numbers and has become an integrated, modern information system provider for research and development, construction, operation, and maintenance.
Value-added distribution has two major operations, covering essentially the key areas of IT services and marketing.2 Business network operations are well advanced and information security has broken out The domestic and foreign exchange market has developed at a rate of $26.21 billion in global exchange market revenues in 2016, with only 2.1 per cent of the growth rate
Xinhua San has long held the top ranking of the country’s corporate-level Wlan market since the third quarter of 2008, and the Wlan market’s leading position has been established. In the area of security, the share of investment in global information security in 2016 was 3.74%, compared to 1.84% in China, which is less than the two-point mark of the global average.
Among other things, 88.3% of business-level users in our country are at a less advanced single-point test and local roll-out stage, with clearly less maturity and more space for the future. The company’s overall service capacity will help to move cybersecurity products rapidly to the market.3 Cloud computing will be the driving force behind the company’s future core development.
According to world information, the market size of the Chinese government is 9.15 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 93 per cent over the previous year, and the market size is expected to reach 17.8 billion yuan in 2017, which will exceed 60 billion yuan by 2021. The trend in the market’s industrial landings has arrived, with companies acting as major infrastructure producers and services.
Providers, seeking their own business orientation, targeting government and business clients with the advantage of their clients, have taken the lead in such areas as politics, industry and industry, through Xinhua San, which has now built 12 ministerial-level political clouds, 18 provincial-level political clouds, and more than 200 local-municipal and county-level political clouds covering Sichuan, Anhui, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Gilling, Guangdong, Henan, Shanxi, Tianjin,
We're looking at the ability of companies to provide solutions in the field of cloud computing, from infrastructure to application services, to create a resonance with other business segments of the Purple Group, thereby benefiting from the rapid growth of the cloud computing and cybersecurity industries.
(i) Optimization of the industry-wide service, application of the industry-wide service.
To create a complete and rich “ cloud-net-end” industrial chain, full-scale industrial application of information technology such as cloud computing, mobile Internet and large-scale data processing, and to become an all-industry chain service provider that combines modern information systems for research and development, construction, operation, and maintenance.
This covers important areas of IT services and marketing. (=) After many changes in controlling shareholders, the company’s equity structure has now stabilized. The company’s controlling shareholders are Tibet.
Purple Communications Investment Ltd., with 54.5% shareholding. Cinghua Holdings is the actual controller of purple communications. The company has a number of important subsidiaries and participating companies, including fully-owned companies, Purple Software and Purple Digital, 51% Shunhua and 47.11% Uchi.
On the one hand, companies increase their efforts in technology research and development, promote technological change and innovation, and upgrade the company's core competition.
On the other hand, by acquiring technologically powerful IT firms, such as Purple Software, Purple Digital, Xinhua, etc., and improving the layout of the IT industry, the strategic upgrading of the company to cloud service providers through business synergies and resource integration, the expansion of the outreach has been synergistic. Through extended acquisitions, the company has gradually refined the design of the cloud-net-end industry, and has been working to improve the design of the cloud-end industry.
UV software, UVD, Xinhua, and others have combined their resources in terms of products, technology, etc., and synergies are evident in areas such as government, education, photovoltaic, food, smart cities. Currently, UV and UVD have become significant synergies, with strong corporate business growth.
Purple software: to provide an integrated solution of hardware and software, with a head-on increase in performance. Purple software under the company's flag is an excellent industry solution provider and an integer of the integrator of the integrator of cloud computing infrastructure, big data application development, industry software development, int system integration and transport, etc., and has become a government,
At the same time, companies can carry intensive, software development and transport operations in the political sphere. Software products developed independently by companies are mainly purple electron archives, enterprise-level development of intermediate ponds, telecommunications operators managing support systems mss, power grid multi-dimensional analysis software,
Utility software performed well. Utility software earned $340 million in business income in the first half of 2017, an increase of 75.4 per cent in the same year; Mother to Mother net profit of $20.78 million, an increase of 68.1 per cent in the same year.
Figure 5: Net profit from the parent of purple software 2013-2017h1 2. Purple digital: powerful distributors in industry, contributing to the expansion of corporate business channels. Purple digital provides specialized IT distribution services for Hp, dell, association, h3c, Samsung, etc.
Vendors provide value-added distribution services covering multiple areas such as channel distribution, value-added distribution, industry distribution, enterprise customers, system integration, programme integration, etc., and cover the infrastructure of the IT infrastructure such as data centres, network infrastructure, servers, workstations, and external and information products.
After more than a decade of development, purple digital has grown into one of the four most powerful distribution firms in China, with a sound marketing service structure, advanced information systems, rich risk control capabilities, a strong supply chain management capacity, and a good customer service base.
Figure 7: The performance of purple digital major distribution brands and products has grown dramatically. During the first half of 2017, purple digital revenues increased by $7.44 billion, or 17 per cent, in comparison with the previous year; net profit returns to mothers rose by $80 million, or 54 per cent, and performance was strong.
In 2016, the company completed the acquisition of its holdings in Xinhua Three Group Limited, with a significant increase in the combined competitive power. Xinhua III is the country's leading provider of the overall solution to the infrastructure of the IT, with a full range of networks, servers, servers, etc.
Storage, security, cloud computing, etc., where the share of the company's base-structure services and solutions business increased from 5.55% in 2015 to 31.54%, and where the company's business structure moved from product distribution to basic-structure services and solutions were delivered in tandem with product distribution, significantly enhancing the ability of the “cloud end” and the “network end” of the company.
Xinhua is the leading global leader in its solution, with a full range of servers, storage, networks, security, super-integration systems and an int management system.
Xinhua is in the lead in the domestic business network market. According to idc, in the first half of 2017 companies in the Chinese business network market, 35.3%, 35.3%, and 33.4% of Xinhua network router products were marketed in China. In April 2017, Xinhua formally proposed a new “Application-driven, cloud-led future” battle.
A little, allowing applications to drive the cloud, cloud computing, big data, large interconnections, and large security constitute four strategic directions of the new "Application-driven, cloud-led future" strategy. The advantage of the network equipment is clear, and it is the foundation of the " Cloud-led future."
Equipment suppliers, major server providers, and important storage equipment suppliers are also the few manufacturers in the country that can cover from hardware to software to solutions, with full-line cloud products. Xinhua's switchboards, wirelesss, routers, servers, etc., provide the hardware base for cloud computing operations, while developing software systems autonomously and developing them.
According to the idc & C report, Xinhua was the leader in the virtualization of national production platform, the super-integrated infrastructure and the city of the political cloud for two consecutive years, with market shares of 16.2 per cent, 39 per cent and 19.6 per cent, respectively, in 2016. In addition to supplying equipment, Xinhua's products include the cloud platform management software, the H3ccas cloud computing management platform, and the h3cludos cloud operating system.
Figure 13: Xinhua’s Xinhua computing business lines, network equipment has wide market space abroad, and there are unlimited prospects for the future. Although Xinhua’s market for domestic enterprise network equipment, Xinhua can be used as a platform to build industry-wide services for its clients.
The Xinhua III market share has increased since 2016, with Xinhua III earning $276 million in the second quarter of 2017, surpassing Juniper as the world’s fifth largest manufacturer. But Xinhua III traded globally, according to idc, in the third quarter of 2017.
The share of the machine market is only about 5%, and there is still a significant gap between the first Cisco 53.26% of the market share. Switchboards and business class wlans lead, information security breaks out.
With regard to the switchboard, the domestic exchange market is still market-dynamic. According to idc, the global exchange market has slowed down in the last two years, generating $26.21 billion in 2016, or just 2.1%, but the overall exchange market in China is expected to continue to grow faster.
In the area of Ethernet switches, Xinhua has accumulated a wealth of advanced technology from the industry to provide access to more than 10 series of hundreds of switchboard products.
For example, the main competitor is Hua, Cisco, and the Xinhua Triple Exchange products run the company's autonomous intellectual property software, providing a uniform operating command interface and maximizing simplified product allocation. In terms of market share, idc data shows that Xinhua San continued to lead the market in the first half of 2017 at 4.98 sales for the Ethernet exchange in China.
With a billion dollars and a market share of 35.3 per cent, Xinhua’s combined technological strength and sales ranking in the area of switchboards has reached industry level, with a wide range of exchangers applying to government, operators, finance, education, business and medical institutions, becoming the preferred brand for networking.
The international market has wide access to nearly 100 countries and regions around the world, serving a wide range of international clients, including Vodafone, Korea's Tristar Electronics, the Brazilian Airports Authority, the United States Hawaiian Education Agency, the United States University of Technology, the American Dream Factory, the French National Iron, and the French branded Snow Dragons.
Figure 18: Xinhua Three Switches full series of products, Xinhua Three March Operators Market (=)
1. The market continues to grow, with Xinhua having the highest domestic share, with idc predicting a steady increase in global market capacity for wireless and router products. In the area of wireless network equipment, the global market for wireless products generated $9.6 billion in 2016, an increase of 2.9 per cent over 2015.
According to data, the global router market space was $14.58 billion in 2016, and the global business-class router revenue in 2016 was approximately $3.59 billion, an increase of 2.37 per cent over 2015. According to IRAR data, the market size of the enterprise router market grew steadily, with a projected market capacity of $6.8 billion in 2017 and a composite growth rate of 18.6 per cent in 2012-2017, well above global growth rates.
In the Wlan market, our main producers are Xinhua San, Hwa, and Ciscos from abroad. According to idc, Xinhua III has long held the top ranking of the country's corporate wlan market since the third quarter of 2008, with an absolute advantage of 33.2 per cent of the total market share in the q1-q3 quarter of 2017.
Xinhua still accounts for only a small share of the market in the global router market, despite its appearance. According to idc, Xinhua’s revenues in the global router market in the third quarter of 2017 were approximately $4.289 million, the sixth largest in the industry.
The difference between Xinhua's share in the market share, which is only about 1%, and Cisco's first market share, which is 41.43%, is significant.
2. The dynamic high-end router market has been in operation since the introduction of China ' s first narrow router in 1996, the first open multi-business router in industry in 2005 and the new generation of core routers, cr. 16000 in 2010 and the current core router, cr. 19000.
After more than a decade of market testing and research and development investment, Xinhua San has become one of the best leaders in the global router product series and in the resolution programme, with millions of medium- and low-end routers in cumulative sales and high-end routers in cumulative sales Chart 23: All series of Xinhua three routers
Multi-operational routers, our information security defence system is lagging behind, and our market potential is enormous.
China, for its part, has only 1.84%, less than one-half of the global average, and its information security defence system is lagging behind. The security maturity of our information systems for enterprise-level users is clearly inadequate, with 88.3% of business-level users at a relatively backward stage of single-point testing and local extension, and the development of information-security defence systems is in urgent need of strengthening.
In recent years, cyberattacks have tended to professionalize tools, commercialize purpose, internationalize source sources, and move vehicles. idc argues that traditional security defense systems, due to technology and lack of synergy, are simply not able to withstand current cyberattacks, and the industry is shifting from passive to active defense.
The system, through its intelligent judgement, organically combines different security components within the active security defence system, such as firewalls, utm, ips, anti-viruses, etc., with the best co-benefits that can make the enterprise ' s security defence capability significant. According to idc, the size of our information security market in 2016 was approximately $3,355 million, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the previous year.
The market for information security software, hardware, services will continue to grow at a faster pace over the next five years, and by 2021 the size of the main city will be $9.58 billion, with a combined growth rate of 23.4% between 2017 and 2021, with a large market space. By virtue of its important role in the active security defense system, the security risk situational awareness system will be protected by its market size.
Xinhua Safety Line focuses on network and application security, providing users with products and resolution programs that integrate networks and applications. After more than a decade of continuous investment and experience, Xinhua has developed an autonomous intellectual property high-performance business.
The processing of chips and dedicated core software operating systems, with more than 900 proprietary information security technologies, including more than 30 products in the areas of network security, cloud safety, mobileit security, big data security, industrial control security and joint security, should be widely used in government, operators, education, finance, electricity, etc.
In December 2017, Xinhuazo released the latest core security defense system product, the situational awareness system.
By collecting web-wide raw traffic data, combining machine learning and artificial intelligence, digging and association analysis of large-scale assortment security data, as well as awareness of the six main postures of attack, threat, traffic, behaviour, transport and peacekeeping compliance, users can obtain accurate information on the current security posture of the network, detect threats in a timely manner, address risks, and support security decision-making and response
Emergency response, security early warning mechanisms to enhance overall security protection. Chart 29: Xinhua 3-Treatment Perception System 6 core capabilities Xinhua 3-Team Perception System has “platformization”, “intellectualization”, “visualization” compared to other manufacturers in the market
1. Platforming: more than 400 types of equipment can be fitted to harmonize the platform's collection of big isomer-based data sources: together with user-specific versions of the situational awareness system;
Intelligentity: A company's situational awareness system is based on machine learning and specialist systems, equipped with more than ten security business partition engines, which allow for the security analysis of large sample data. At the same time, the key set-up of more than a dozen border defences are prepared to give the system the capability to co-operate with cloud-net-end defence;
3. Serviceization: The system provides services with more than 300 compliance configurations to help users with standardized compliance checks for configurations and gaps. In addition, it provides automated, process-wide secure transportation services that provide real-time system security for users.
4. Visualization: The system ' s personalized cockpit, equipped with a panorama map, can present the corresponding security risk message to four different players, namely, the third-party oversight commissioner, the operational transport commissioner, the information security commissioner and the intvivit administrator. The roll-out of the security situational awareness system has further improved the company ' s profile in the larger security area.
Safety product coverage for network layer security, application layer security and security management at three levels, including firewalls, vpn, utm, ips, acg, load balance, security management centre and other products, with models covering 100 gigabytes, gigabytes, megabytes and megabyte applications, with 2-7 layers of full-operational security protection to meet new industries such as future cloud computing, ipv6, web2.0
Figure 30: Corporate safety products adapted to cloud market demands and built cloud computing applications
(i) Focus on the “Cloud Services” strategy, which supports the “Cloud-Net-End” industrial chain, and currently, the corporate development strategy is the “Cloud Services” strategy. The corporate “Cloud Services” strategy is divided into three main levels: cloud computing infrastructure development services, cloud computing industry application solutions services and cloud computing platform services.
Guided by the “Services” strategy, companies will vigorously develop vertically integrated cloud-net-end industrial chains led by big data, horizontally expand industry applications oriented towards cloud computing, smart cities and mobile Internet, and work as industry-wide service providers for the construction, operation and maintenance of modern information systems, from traditional software and information technology service providers to cloud service providers
Figure 31: Corporate “Cloud Services” strategic level and related products/services • includes products such as servers, storage, routers, switches, etc. • includes virtual private cloud (vpc) programmes, cloud safety programmes, mixed cloud programmes, databases, etc.
Solutions such as service programmes (dbaas), cloud cover programmes, cloud desktop programmes, etc., applied to government, finance, education, electricity, telecommunications, smart cities, etc.
• Includes telecommunications-level cloud platform h3cloudgg, cloud platform system h3cloudos, virtualization services (ii) high demand for cloud computing industries and high growth in governance clouds
The market size of the cloud computing industry is growing rapidly. Gartner predicts that global cloud computing will reach more than $80 billion in 2017. Meanwhile, according to forward-looking database data, China’s cloud computing market pattern is expected to reach 69.9 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 35.3 per cent.
In 2016, China’s market was $9.15 billion, an increase of 93 per cent over the previous year. The market is expected to reach $17.8 billion in 2017, and figure 33: China’s cloud calculates the market’s size and speed (millions of yuan)
Xinhua is now in the lead in the field of cloud computing applications, such as those of the government, industry, etc., and has now built 13 ministerial, 18 provincial, more than 200 local and municipal, covering Sichuan, Anhui, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Shanghai.
Jilin, Guangdong, Henan, Shanxi, Tianjin, Guangxi, etc. In 2016 alone, Xinhua built seven large corporate clouds, 15 985/211 high school platforms, 10 blended clouds, and 14 provincial power clouds. At the same time, Xinhua San is a key player and promoter of national standards and has developed deep strategies with many partners in the Newit Ecoosphere.
In the area of cloud computing applications, Xinhua can provide solutions including virtual private cloud (vpc), cloud safety, cloud mix, database or service (dbaas), cloud cover and cloud desktop programmes.
There are more than 5,000 user practices in the government, finance, media, electricity, education, etc., particularly in the field of the political cloud, where the market share is the highest. Xinhua has a market share of 19.6% in China ' s government cloud market in 2016, leading by other competitors and also leading China ' s political cloud market brand competitiveness quadrants, with advanced technological capabilities.
In 2017, it was still the first stage of domestic politics with China and the same wave. Figure 36: Analysis of the competitiveness of brands in the government cloud market in 2016. Figure 35: China’s share in the government cloud market in 2016.
In April 2017, Xinhua Sanzheng launched a project to build 100 new urban clouds and 10 industrial clouds with partners in three years, generating 300 billion yuan in urban cloud infrastructure and providing 100 cities with a full-scale service and a whole-sector chain of cloud ecology.
To this end, the Xinhua Tri-Cloud calculation has been completely upgraded from h3cloud 1.0 to h3cloud 2.0. In phase 1.0, the Xinhua-Focusiaas+ solution has gained a leading product technology and market position through cloud network integration and landscapeization. In phase 2.0, Xinhua-Chu will fully support cloud-based applications and build the next generation of transportation centres that respond to the cloud.
Figure 38: The Xinhua Three Clouds calculates the whole product solution, the urban cloud, the cloud ecology.
h3cloudae h3cloudce h3clouddevps
Packaging engines Development of test clouds h3cludos
Director of Clouds h3clud h3clud
Cloud expert service, cloud project implementation of cloud operations migration, cloud planning design
(b) Scenario 1 (income projections): the company's main business is the development, production and production of products such as routers, switchboards, etc.
Production and marketing. Valuable experience in technology, R & D, talent, industrial chains, product quality. Business income grew by 29.5% in 2016. As the company expands rapidly in cloud computing, the company’s product sales appear to be fast-tracked.
There are fluctuations between the years of entry and Māori, while the relatively large business lines include the influence of Xinhua, but overall the future of corporate operations is stable and sustainable, and the Māori rate is largely stable. We expect uncertainty in public cloud computing, the development of the property network industry, and uncertainty in the growth of corporate network equipment overseas.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report