Centre for Resources and Environmental Studies
The present report is the third in the Manchuria series, which focuses on the layout of the Mandarin chemical industry. The adipose isocyanate is the main product of Hdi, ipti and hmdi.
In 2021, the global demand for Adi was about 300,000 tons, and market space was about $4.4 billion.Tonnes, 90 per cent of which was in the form of tritons and dibenzos, with global capacity of about 384,000 tons, and production and demand of about 220,000 tons.hdi’s lower start-up rate was mainly due to the supply of upstream raw materials.
Instability, the application of hdi is now in demand. At present, there is an estimated 2.0460 million per cent of the global production capacity of dichlorfon.
With a total of 1.654,000 tonnes of domestic dichloride planned for production, accompanied by a gradual phase-out of national production, we believe that the supply of hdi raw materials will be effectively addressed and, at the cost end, XII.2. Polyurethane short-term pressure, precision engineering plates accelerated.
With the fall in the price of diazole, which accounts for about 70% of the hdi cost, we believe that the hdi cost end will also be significantly improved to facilitate further replication of the hdi end.
The company currently has 2.6 million tons of mdi production capacity and 650,000 tons of tdi production capacity. From the existing facilities, based on the full industrial chain and hard research and development capabilities, the company expands horizontally to the high end of hdi, ipti, and hmdi.
4. " Performance meets expectations, future growth can be expected -- [national gold] adi product. On technology, the company relies on the multi-year production experience of mdi/tdi and the improved industrial chain.
Accompanied by high quality assurance of processes, some of the key equipment has been developed autonomously, and catalytic 5. " Accelerating the layout of the chemical field, opening up new growth agent systems, and ultimately, the collection and quality of the dodi series are among the world ' s leading products. "
Prior Hdi capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year, ipdi capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year, and Hmdi capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year. Not yet, companies will continue to enhance competitiveness in the area ofadi through expansion and application of capacity expansion, increasing from Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
Wang Minghui, who continues to make a new growth point in the company's performance around the dodi, we expect the company to be 2022-Yan.
The net return to the mother in 2024 was 21.12 billion yuan, 23.53 billion yuan and 26.47 billion yuan, respectively; ps yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn macroeconomic growth was lower than expected; product prices fell; competition patterns deteriorated; and raw materials fluctuated sharply.
Polyurethane material is a very large group of materials, with a wide range of applications and steady growth in demand of the multi-channelly chemically enriched product matrix 1.1 Polyurethane material is one of the most diverse, widely used and fastest-growing of high-molecular materials.
Polyurethane chemically known as polyurethane, called "pu" is a high point made up of a combination of polyurethane and polyol polymers (polyethers or polyesters) as the primary feedstocks and reacts to and combines multiple hard and soft segments in embedded segments with related chemical agents.
Submaterials. In this category, the amino-methylate esters and the amino-methylate esters are called hard in polyurethane structures, while the chain consisting of polyols is called soft. The plastic properties and strength of polyurethanes are largely determined by their hard-line properties, while the rubber properties and elasticity are largely determined by their softness.
Depending on the nature of the material. Thus, a variable product with various properties and uses can be manufactured by changing the chemical structure, specifications, variety, formula comparison of different raw materials, which is called the "fifth-largest plastic" after polyethylene, polychlorinated acetylene, polypropylene, polystyrene. In addition, polyurethane material is in the eye.
The only synthetic high molecular material of all the former high molecular materials that has applications in seven fields: plastics, rubber, foam, fibres, paints, glues, and high function molecules.
Many good performances, such as good performance, energy conservation and environmental protection, have been widely applied in production, in many fields of life, and have gradually become rational substitutes for materials such as traditional plastics, rubber, and even metals in some areas. As polyurethane applications have expanded, so has the market for polyurethane products.
▪ In 2019, the market for polyurethane was more than 22 million tons, with a market space of 63 billion euros, the production of polyurethane in the Asia-Pacific region was 1,044 million tons, or nearly 54 per cent of global production, and the demand in the Asia-Pacific region was more than 48 per cent of total demand.
According to jonpenrice, the expected growth in polyurethane demand is usually 1.7 times that of gdp and the increase in polyurethane demand is higher than that of gdp, which replaces a variety of materials such as wood, metals and rubber, on the one hand, and the increasing consumption of polyurethane in developing countries, on the other, the need for polyurethane (pu) on the other.
The world consumption of polyurethane is expected to grow at an average annual rate of about 6.5 per cent in the coming years, and global consumption of pu will increase from 22 million tons in 2019 to 30 million tons in 2025.
As a result of the development, the upgrading of living consumption levels and the support provided by the National Policy for the Environmentally Sound Industry, the polyurethane sector is facing enormous market opportunities, with a market demand of 1.523 million tons expected by 2026.
Isocyanate is a group of organic compounds that contain - n=c=o energy groups and are widely used as synthetic intermediates and polyurethane materials for fine chemical products such as pesticides, pharmaceuticals, etc. because of their high reaction activity.
They are divided into fat and aromatic monocrylates. The largest use is the aromatic monocyanate, with diphenylmethane diocyanate (mdi) and benzene diocyanate (tdi) Chart 5: Classification of monocyanate and product applications
▪ Faipose diocyanate (adi) means an organic intermediate with two n=c=o energy groups that does not contain benzene rings in the molecular structure, including hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), hexafluoroketone diocyanate (ipti), dicyclohexyl methane-4, 4'-difluorocyanate (hmdi), methyl
Dimethyl diocyanate (htdi), phenyldimethyl diocyanate (xdi), trimethyl hexamethyl diocyanate (tmdi), tetramethyl dimethyl dimethyl diocyanate (tmxdi), of which the production of hdi products is about 2/3 and the combined production of hdi, ipti and hmdi is about 2/3
adi performance is excellent, and national policy is focused on encouraging support for its development. Due to the lack of saturation in its molecular structure and fewer keys, polyurethane materials produced in adi have excellent antiaging and scalding properties.
Yellow-resistance is a key foundation for the development of industries such as space engineers, high-end equipment, automobiles, etc., as well as for the greening of traditional industries such as paints, glues, man-made tans, which are known as the "dumbs" on the crown of the polyurethane industry.
The Directory of Industrial Restructuring Guidance (2019 Revision), the project “Development and Application of Production Technology for Tutile Faipose Pycrylates” is a national priority category.
In 2021, the global market size of the Didi market was approximately $4.482 billion, the overall market growth of the Didi market was about 1.5-2 times the global gdp, and global demand is now largely matched to supply, with the end-end industry moving towards high performance, environmental protection, etc., and we expect high end ammonia such as hdi, ipti, etc.
Market demand for ester products has continued to rise. The main consumption areas are the United States, Europe, China, and Japan, with European markets accounting for about 35% of the consumption. We expect that, as domestic environmental policies continue to tighten, plus photovoltaics, wind power will require higher demand for light- and weather-resistant paints.
Accelerating the transition of downstream paint companies to green, high-end and growing demand for adi. Chart 6: Environmental policies for paint are tightened, contributing to the growth of aadi market with 12,000 watts of high-end didi products in chemical layout
▪ With the continued release of the production capacity of the mega-mdi and tdi, the market position of the HDZ in the aromatic monocyanate product has been consolidated over the last decade, and the development and industrialization of the fat-cyanate (adi) has been the focus of major competitors in the industry.
In 2000, Huanhua launched a small-scale pilot process development project in the region, in 2009 Huanhua completed a test-in-ship test for hdi and hmdi, and in 2012 Ningbo Wanhua produced 15,000 tonnes of hdi, marking the realization of a large-scale industrial production in the region.
The completion and commissioning of the ipidi and hmdi industrialization devices became the world’s rare enterprises with the production capacity of three kinds of monolithic industrialization, namely, hdi, ipti, and hmdi.
The creation of the Department of Functional Chemicals and the creation of the Ministry of Industry and Technology, which brought together the resources of the former two major departments, further enhanced the central competitive advantage of HDW in the products of fat-based ICCP, special meth products and other special-purpose chemicals.
• Mandarin chemistry is the only technology in the world that possesses the global chain mda-h12mda-h12mdi, the world’s second palm, the whole chain ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi, the country’s only master of hdi and derivatives, etc.
Businesses. At present, the total capacity of the HDW chemical adi is 130,000 tonnes/year, or 24% of the world ' s total, and it is projected that 50,000 tonnes/year hdi will be operational in 2023, with a total capacity of 180,000 tonnes/year. While expanding the capacity of the HDI product, HDW is also building the special ammonium adi-pud chain, pushing it.
The integration of the industry into the Didi industry, and the national production of dichlorfon will drive the development of the hdi sector by 2.1, which is mainly applied in the form of tripods and diaphragms, with a highly monopolistic supply pattern.
▪ Hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi) is currently the most important, with the most highly applied adipose diocyanate, which is highly reactive and provides initial viscosity of products. As a feedstock for the production of polyurethane, it is used mainly for polyurethane elastics, glues, textiles, water coatings, etc.
Due to the high volatility and toxicity of the hdi monomer, it is generally prepared for sale as a derivative of the hdi class, such as Hdi trimonomers or hdi azidium following condensation, and generally the products used directly in the hdi monomer form represent about 10% of the consumption area, and are present in the form of didentium and tripolars.
• The global annual demand for Hdi monoliths and their derivatives is currently about 220,000 tons, at a rate of more than 5%, and for China, at about 80,000 tons, and for China, at a rate of more than 10%, which is higher than the global demand. The demand for hdi is concentrated in the area of automobiles and industrial paints, and is generally used to produce original/repair paints and plastics for cars.
High-end products such as saturated molecules, solidants such as sticky and seamstress paints for material coatings, high-end wood coatings, industrial coatings and preservative coatings.
And it is flexible enough to meet anti-stone, scratch-resistant, and even self-repair features that match the requirements for the use of car paints, and therefore its share is growing worldwide. The supply of hdi is highly monopolistic, and Quadrochemic has become the world’s second largest producer.
The suppliers are Kostori, Quantius, Bassov, Xuixin, and Huohua. In 2011, Ningbo Wanhua polyurethane Ltd. completed an intermediate test of 3,000 tons/year hdi, and in 2012 delivered 15,000 tons/year hdi tripolymeric sequester, which is currently undergoing several technical modifications and expansions, with the Vannimbo and smoke station bases having capacity.
Eighty thousand tonnes/year, and plans to build another 50,000 tonnes/year hdi capacity at Ningpo base, which is expected to climb to 130,000 tonnes in 2024. Domestic hdi demand is growing faster than manufacturing capacity.
At the end of exports, the volume of Chinese exports has not fluctuated significantly, and the growth of domestic demand has gradually absorbed the capacity of enterprises to expand. 2.2 Production processes are difficult and raw materials are scarce to construct the hdi barrier
▪ More than 90% of the world ' s Hdi products are currently produced by photogas, co-heated with dichloride into reaction containers, mixed with the solvent chlorobenzene, generating hdi and by-products hci from photogas. Reactions of excess photogas and evaporated parts of the solvent in the exhaust gas are scrubbed and condensed back into the reaction from the scrubber towers.
The process core is photogas and ammonium blending and remixing control techniques.
The response process requires a high rate of mixing, while at the same time trying to avoid high temperature coiling, which is the generation of polymers, which is highly liable to cause device congestion and affect the long-term stabilization of equipment, leading to frequent overhauls that reduce production efficiency and increase the risk of light gas leaks.
A perforated stream reactor has been launched for the production of isocyanate, which greatly improves mixing efficiency and avoids solid by-product generation: while heating and gasification of hda on the reaction process and mixing of higher pure hda vapours with solvents into the reaction device has been effective in reducing impurity mixing and avoiding by-action discharge.
Figure 16: The path of the Van Hdi production process leads to supply bottlenecks for raw materials at the end of the two americium.
Hydrogen. For a long time, the technical barriers and the global hyperbolic pattern of dichlorfon and the tight supply pattern of hdi production also contributed to the high cost of hdi. Since the second half of 2019, the U.S. installations such as E. Weida, Bassif, Orede, etc., have shown varying degrees of variation.
The global supply of dichlorfon/dihydrazine continues to be strained as a result of resistance. Since September 2020, the cost has driven the hdi up from a low price of 35,000/t, and at the end of April 2021, the Hdi trimonium rose to $130,000/t. With the raw materials at the end of the supply chain, the hdi-3 has continued.
Figure 19: hdi price situation 2.3 XD domestication will solve the problem of the instability of the supply of Hdi raw materials with projected costs.
It will boost the development of the hdi industry, and now the world’s home-grown dichlorves are concentrated in the United States, France and Japan, with major production firms such as British Weida, Orede, Solvi and Xinjiang, which account for nearly 60 per cent of the world’s production capacity.
We were all imported until 2019, and we had only 50,000 tons of domestic capacity in 2020, but the self-sufficiency rate is still low.
The process of conversion has accelerated further and, with the increase in the supply of dichlorfon, the price of dichloride will have to slide down, thereby reducing production and use costs for hdi, driving demand and turning the hdi product into a new blue sea in the polyurethane industry.
▪ In August 2021, the Mandarin Chemical (Ningbo) and Henan Horses jointly formed the Hwang New Materials (Ningbo) Ltd., of which Hwanhua Chemistry (Ningbo) Ltd. held 60 per cent of the shares, the Henan god, Manilong