One of the depths of the MS: mdi's profit base, and the amount of new material released is currently at the bottom of the profit zone, and we think that MS is technologically and cost-effective in the mdi field and has its own.
The alpha attribute, the new material plate, is entering a fast production phase, maintaining a high rate of growth and a steady increase in valuation as a chemical flagship. In addition, the primary business mdi, tdi and petrochemical products are affected by recurrent outbreaks and low demand during the first half of the year, and the price differentials are at an all-time low.
Bits. Looking ahead, in the short term, with high energy costs overseas, price falls are limited. As domestic demand improves at the end of the spectrum, Europe and the United States are coming into winter, energy costs are rising and force majeure is likely to increase, and prices are rebounding.
Considers it to be the bottom of the industry and the bottom of the company’s profits, and the company’s ability to continue to make profits based on the advantages of its own integration of raw materials in the context of a global plant.
At present, the country is affected by the epidemic and the low season, adding overseas to the economic downside, and the demand for mdi is short-term. The cost side is influenced by the rise in crude oil prices, the cost of raw materials and energy is clear, the price of polymer mdi is at 15.22%, and the price of pure mdi is at 15.22%.
We believe that mdi has an oligopolistic character, unlike other major businesses, and that the probability of low-price competition is low, while global supply is stable. In the next two years, only firms have a firm-defined expansion plan that can regulate the pace of production, mdi.
The current pattern of competition in the tdi is stable, has passed the oversupply phase, and there is a relatively tight balance between supply and demand. Despite the low demand season in the three quarters, there has been a recent wave of force majeure in installations, both at home and abroad.
Tdi’s supply is tight, prices have stopped falling back, demand has improved, and prices are expected to continue to rise. In the long run, Tdi exports grew at a significant rate, reaching 32.5 per cent in the first half of 2020, while the share of tdi exports continued to rise.
We believe that the overseas tdi has no new capacity, that the tdi industry is at a stage where domestic manufacturers are taking their share of the overseas market through export, and that future tdi exports are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The petrochemical plates are affected by the rise in crude oil, the cost-side pressure, c2, c3, c4 price differentials are in the lower range of history, with pvc price differentials of 23.84% historical, styrene price differences of 3.95% historical, epoxy ethane price differentials of 1.07% historical, acrylic
The Acid price difference is at 37.61%, the Acid price difference is at 56.79%, the Pine II approvals, the Poe planned production capacity difference is at 39.30%, the BC price difference is at 39.30%.
36.72 per cent split. The current crude oil price is based on a shock near $90/bail, with cost pressures relative to q2. 2. Performance resilience is evident, new materials are reduced, and subsequent petrochemical products are expected to be repaired at lower prices.
• New materials are entering a rapid development period 3. Cost increases short-term pressure, with many deployments waiting, and companies rely on their strong R & D strengths and the advantages of industrial chain integration for full access to new energy.
Sources, nutrients, high-end national production alternatives, etc. In semiconductor materials such as polish fluids and polish pads, tri-materials and batteries such as lithium phosphate, degradationable materials such as pbat and plata, high-end polycrysole materials such as poe, lemon aldehyde derivatives, etc.
The company's new materials are in progress and nylon12 is in production in the near future, with hydi, lemon formalde and progeny organisms, anhydride, new pc, phosphate lithium, etc. expected to be in production in 2023, and poe, pla, nmp, new pmma, polyethamine, etc. are expected to be in production in 2024.
At this point in time, the new material plate is in rapid development. According to our projections, the main project of the new 2022-2024 material plate was completed after delivery, with the addition of the annualized revenue line, and the polyurethane and petrochemical plate are now at the bottom of the price differential, and we're looking at the company's future.
(a) The high performance growth resulting from the profitable repair of mdi and petrochemical plates and the production of new materials, (1) the project is not as fast as expected: (3) the risk of installation of force majeure:
(4) Asset acquisitions are not as fast as expected. 1mdi: the pattern of competition is stable, profits have been built down mdi: oligopoly, and new production can be seen in China.
The mdi supply is stable, with only 10,000 watts in the next two years. The mdi, the main raw material for polyurethane, has benefited from the rapid development of polyurethane materials over the past 20 years and has become one of the main raw materials with a better climate. On the other hand, the mdi is still a recognized product of high-tech barriers, and after decades of development, technology is still in the minority.
In the hands of the oligarchs, the core technology is not dispersed, the mdi process route is constantly being upgraded, and in the case of the Department of Public Administration, the mdi technology has now been upgraded to the sixth generation, and production costs are becoming lower, making it less likely that new outside manufacturers will enter the mdi field. The current global mdi output distribution has the following characteristics: (1) high industry concentration:
In the last 10 years, the only new mills in mdi have been the Sankok and Karaon, and as of 2022, the capacity of the two plants was limited, with a total of eight mdi manufacturers worldwide, with the capacity concentrated mainly in Mandarin Chemistry, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmae, and the five domestic and foreign chemicals giants of the Tods, with a total capacity of 90.5 per cent.
(2) In the next two years, there will be only 10,000 megawatts: 200,000 tons in Basfe, 340,000 tons in Coth, 170,000 tons in Jinhu, and 550,000 tons in Huanhua. In the next three years, 1 million tons in chemistry will be added, 400,000 tons in Xinjiang, and 200,000 tons in Jinhu III.
Basfe will expand 200,000 tons, with only 10,000 watts of chemistry currently at a higher level of certainty, and only 1 million tmdi by the end of 2023 is expected to be in production. In 2022-2024, mdi added capr will be 5%. (3) Euro-American part of mdi is ageing: the Asia-Pacific region will account for the Asia-Pacific region in proportion to the global mdi base distribution.
Europe accounted for 52%, Europe for 27%, and North America for 16%. Europe, North America, part of the mdi installation was put into production for a long time, there was an ageing of the device, and it was prone to shutdowns due to extreme weather conditions, with a short supply of mdi. In the case of the 2021 storm, the storm caused a disruption of 60% of America’s production capacity.
Bassov's factories in Gasma, Tods, and Kossi were affected in Texas. mdi: historical retries, price differentials at historically low levels, we retraced prices and price differentials for almost 15 years, in the case of polymer mdi, prices and prices of polymer mdi.
By 2 September 2022, it had reached a low-segment range of 11.72 per cent for pure mdi and 8.42 per cent for polymer mdi.
Phase 2007-2008: This round of mdi prices, the fall in price differentials, was mainly due to mdi capacity expansion, the fall in crude oil, and the launch of the tonsmdi project, with new capacity abroad, Bassov, Hensmae, etc. The round of mdi expansion, which involved a large number of manufacturers, weakened the bargaining power of mdi, and when the mdi capacity was released, the price of mdi came up.
In 2018, the United States financial crisis cast a shadow over the global economy, slowing global economic growth, affecting the mdi demand side, adding oil prices to a sharp fall, accelerating the downward price spread of this round of mdi prices. 2015-2016: The slow decline in the current round of mdi prices was largely due to the expansion of production capacity and economic growth.
Beginning in 2014, the energy of 600,000 tons of mdi in Van Ningbo was expanded, and the project of 400,000 tons of mdi was launched in 2015 in Basfe. At the end of demand, the global economy was depressed, and the Chinese economy entered a period of transformation adjustment, causing a slowdown in demand in the mdi market, with supply and demand being relatively relaxed, and prices falling short in the mdi.
At the end of the demand, domestic demand for refrigerators, cars, etc., has been affected by supply side and environmental factors, and production has declined. This round of mdi prices have been reduced, and the price gap has been reduced, with the economy on the face of a downward build-up of new production capacity for future mdi.
But we believe that the price of mdi, the price difference, has fallen, unlike the historical one, and that the ratio of mdi extension plants between 1.2022 and 2024 is probably only 10,000: we expect the new production of 400,000 tons of mdi by the end of 2022, and the new production of 600,000 tons by 2023 by the end of 2023, at a time to be determined.
The uniqueness of the manufacturer ensures that the company has room for adjustment in the pace of production and the supply of capacity to avoid any excess production disturbance to mdi prices. 2. mdi price differentials are already at a historically low level: in the historical mdi extension cycle, pre-natal mdi price differentials are at a historical level.
At the heart of history, the price differentials have gradually narrowed in the wake of the new capacity that has released the build-up of demand; while this mdi price differential has been at a historically low level, the mdi price differentials have long been reduced in space between the slow drop in oil prices.
In the coming winter in Europe and America, when demand for natural gas increases, natural gas is prone to increase and drops, the start-up rate of mdi is likely to drop, and the combined effect of overseas cost and start-up rates is favourable for domestic mdi exports, while at the same time for domestic mdi mdi: long-term good demand, short-term weakness due to the impact of real-estate textiles
The short-term demand of mdi is weak due to the outbreak and the land-use chain reaction. As the epidemic recovers, production of mdi increased by 26.01 per cent over the year, and consumption of mdi rose by 4.98 per cent over the same year, while production of mdi increased significantly faster than consumption in part because of increased exports of mdi in 2021.
In the first half of 2022, the country was affected by the downside of the economy as a whole, low real estate and the multiple effects of the epidemic, with production of mdi falling by 8.59 per cent over the same year, and consumption declining by 20.07 per cent over the same year. More specifically, the demand for and supply of mdi in the last year went into 2022, and production of mdi fell by a similar degree, owing to repeated epidemics and a tightening of the disease policy.
The consumption of mdi is more severe than the rate of decline in the same year. As the epidemic subsides in May, production of mdi is increasing for the first time in June, and production data are still increasing for the first time in July; while consumption of mdi is still declining for the first time in June, the ring is increasing for the first time, with a halt in the downward trend, and consumption continues to increase for the second time in July.
Figure 7 Domestic mdi production, Figure 8 National mdi apparent consumption, Figure 9 National mdi monthly production
Figure 10 shows the monthly consumption of mdi in the country. Pure mdi downstream is dominated by areas of living consumption, such as boxed shoe textile, with 30% of tpu, 23% of sole, 22% of pulp, 19% of ammonia, based on pure mdi downstream consumption structure.
tpu: Extension of application area, rapid industry development of high self-performance, market space, and future growth in the tpu sector is expected to reach 10%.tpu is a short term for thermoplastic elastomers, obtained by polyol polymers of isocyanate and polyols, with both tpu structures
The rigid and polyol segment structure of the molecular structure allows the material to be separated by the rigid segment structure, with good strength and resilience. The current downstream applications are concentrated in the areas of footwear, glue, plumbing, film, pu-synthesis, wire cables, 39% of which are in footwear and 39% in glue.
Fifteen per cent in the area of tubes, 14 per cent in the area of tubes, 9 per cent in the area of membrane, 7 per cent in the area of pu synthesis, 4 per cent in the area of smelting ammonia, 3 per cent in the area of cable cables and 9 per cent in other applications. In 2017-2021, the tpu production capr reached 13.8 per cent, and tpu is in a steady development phase.
Chart 12tpu downstream application structure Chart 13tpu historical production tpu as a new polyurethane elastomer material with the advantages of environmental protection, high elasticity, light quantification, traditional oscillation, etc.
Plastic materials are gradually replaced, and the tpu applications and markets are growing. In the area of footwear, tpu devices have polyurethane elastic elasticity and insulation, while not containing solvents, have the advantage of environmental protection and are gradually being replaced with pvc, eva footwear.
In the long run, the performance of tpu excellence is guaranteed by environmental policies and by the pursuit of light quantification, and its market space is large enough for the entire tpu market to remain fast after short-term fluctuations in the epidemic, and future tpu production and downstream demand is expected to increase by 10 per cent.
Shoe bottom fluids: stable industry, short-term demand to keep the poo bottom materials warm, long-term replacement space for traditional shoe materials like pvc, short-term demand is low. Shoes need to meet the characteristics of grinding, comfort, elasticity, and heat preservation, and the current mainstream materials are pvc, pu, eva, etc.
tpr, tpu, etc.. Polyurethane soles are used as soles, their own micro-hole structure is controlled, the micro-hole structure is between plastics and rubber, and is lower than other generic rubber heat-guiding factors, capable of performing polyurethane comforts, elasticity, elasticity, grinding, and temperature-resistance features. In addition, polyurethane has a concentration below 0.6 g/cm3 after blowing, which is significantly lower than pvc and its pvc
He has a concentration of rubber. According to industry exchanges, polyurethane soles account for about 12 per cent of the bulk of the sole material on the soles of the shoe, the polyurethane sole is a modified form of hecyanate made from polyester polyols and monocyanate polymers, the monocyanate groupings account for about 40 per cent of the polyurethane soles, and the polycryptate group is mainly pure mdi and a small amount of liquefied mdi.
The ratio of pure mdi to liquefied mdi is about 9:1. The market for soles is currently relatively saturated, with limited incremental space. In the long term, there is a tendency for polyurethane soles to replace other rubber soles and there is still incremental space; in the short term, it is currently in a low-season demand for the soles of the shoes, with the end plant consuming the bulk of the inventory.
Pulp: Industry stability, short-term demand decline Pulp is influenced by environmental policies, production is declining, and attention is being paid to the development of water-based or solvent-free pulp. Starting in 2015, the country has launched a national action plan for the reduction of volatile organic matter in priority sectors.
The programme for the management of volatile organic matter reduces organic volatile emissions through solvent recovery, low or non-volc emission improvement. The production of synthetic synthetics has been declining year by year since 2017, with cagr production reaching -6% between 2017 and 2021.
The entry into the country’s Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory limits development projects, green barriers in countries such as the EU, Japan, etc., have also significantly limited the consumption of pvc for synthetics, and the environmental protection of pvc for its manufactured products has become more and more stringent at home and abroad. In response to the volatile organic emissions reduction program, there are hydro-pu-synthesis, non-sortizers in the industry.
In the future, given the limited resources of natural leather, the new environment will gradually replace traditional high-polluting artificial and synthetic tannery. The current decline in the production of synthetic synthetic leather is mainly due to environmental policy restrictions and the effects of the disease that began in 2020 on downstream shoe kits.
We expect that, with the gradual easing of the epidemic and the market replacement and diffusion of the new pu-syn-syn-syn-synthesis, the future demand for pu-syn-synthetic is expected to slow down. Against the backdrop of a slump of downstream demand and the rapid development of new pulp, the demand for pu-pulp will grow by about 3% over the next two years.
Chart 18 Synthesis Production Chart 17 Synthesynthetic Synthesis Classifications Ammonium has good reelasticity and is used mainly in lingerie, motion-type textiles. Ammonium is polyaminoic acid.
The structure of the material ptmeg determines that ammonia is more elastic than general polyurethane. It should be used downstream mainly in textiles with higher elasticity requirements. Historical data show that ammonia production in 2017-2021 was cagr.
In the first half of 2022, the same rate of growth in ammonia production and apparent consumption has fallen, with major and repeated outbreaks affecting downstream start-ups and demand. In view of the shift in people’s habits in sports, we expect the ammonia industry to remain at about 8% above the same rate in the next two years, after the economic transition and the gradual easing of the epidemic.
Figure 20 Annual production of ammonia. Chart 21 Annual visual consumption of ammonia 1.3.3 Downstream consumption structure of polymer mdi stabilized.
Polymeric mdi has a high connection, mainly in hard bubble material. Polymermdi has a higher function than pure mdi and usually has a higher connection and strength with polyol polymers, often in hard bubble materials. In domestic consumption structures, 47% of polymer mdi downstream applications were used in home freezer heating materials in 2021.
It is the largest application area downstream of polymer mdi, with 24 per cent for construction-related areas, including building panels, building coatings, etc.: 10 per cent for glue, while the downstream use of glue is mainly for capital construction, household packaging, building products, etc., and is highly relevant to construction; 6 per cent for automobiles, benefiting from lightly quantified vehicle demand.
Refrigerator freezers: production is stable and the cold chain logistics industry is emerging
Production is stable. Polyurethane rigid bubbles have a controlled bubble structure, good insulation, and polymer mdi has a higher level of pyrecyanate root function, which results in a high concentration of polyurethane hard bubbles, while polyurethane has a simple foaming process, low raw material costs and manufacturing costs, high price insulation materials, and currently ice in refrigerators.
The thermal insulation of a refrigerator is dominated by polyurethane hard blisters. The volume of polyurethane hard blisters in a refrigerator is 6-7 kg, the ratio of polymer mdi to polyols is 1.5:1 and the ratio of a refrigerator to polymer mdi is 3.6-4.2 kg.
The demand for refrigerator freezers has increased dramatically as a result of the domestic epidemic in 2020, which led to a demand for food storage insurance. With the reduction of the epidemic in 2021, there has been a downward trend in the production of refrigerator freezers, which is now at an all-time low of almost five years, with a monthly improvement in production.
The insulation of the refrigerator is currently dominated by polyurethane hard bubbles, and a small number of high end refrigerators are starting to use vacuum insulation boards.
Both types of materials are superior, with vacuum insulation panels having advantages in thermal insulation and environmental protection, but at higher cost, products are indivisible and cannot be replaced on a large scale by polyurethane hard bubbles. Polyurethane foaming materials are expected to remain mainstream with the rise of non-fluorinated blowing agents.
Development aids in the cold-chain logistics industry provide new growth space for polyurethane hard-bulb materials. Since the end of 2021, policy in the area of cold-chain logistics has been falling steadily: 1) In December 2021, the Office of the State Council issued the “10-4-5” Cold-chain Logistics Development Plan, which calls for the deployment of about 100 national backbone cold-chain logistics bases;2)
In January 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Implementation Programme for the Construction of the National Cold Chain Logistics Base, which provides for the systematic development of the layout of the National Cold Chain Logistics Base during the period of the Tenth Four-Five: 3) February 2022, General Supply and Marketing Year. In May, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce issued a joint communication to promote the cold chain of agricultural products through the development of funds for the central financial services sector.
In 2016, China’s cold-chain logistics market was 221 billion yuan, with market size reaching 411.7 billion yuan in 2021, market speeds up to 13.2% cagr, and the rapid development of cold-chain logistics partially compensates for refrigerator freezers.
Size of China's cold-chain logistics market/billion yuan Construction industry: weak demand, house completion and sales are still at a grinding stage 2022, housing sales and completion area data are not ideal, demand is weak, property is generally low and continues.
In the first half of 2022, there was a marked decline in the area of commercial housing sales, which, according to the data, had accumulated in June and did not show a further downward trend. The data on the stock of commercial housing had also reflected low demand, and in the first half of the year there had been a significant decline in the volume of construction, which had accumulated in June.
There is still a downward trend, reflecting the overall tightness of the property finance chain and the low willingness of businesses to acquire land.
Automobile industry: Short-term demand is stable, ring is rising, domestic disease affected, auto output in April was 1.82 million, ring is down by 46.3 per cent, it is at a low level in the past five years, and vehicle single-month production data is on the rise as the epidemic subsides in May:
Automobile production in May was 1.993 million, with a 55.46 per cent ring increase, vehicle production in June was 2,576,000, ring growth continued at 29.3 per cent, production in July reached 2.446 million, vehicle cyclical properties are evident from the annual production cycle, summer is a low demand season, vehicle production is now stable and q4 vehicle production is guaranteed.
Figure 29 Monthly data on motor vehicle production in China, mdi European exports are bright, looking at the high growth in mdi exports 2022, affected by repeated internal epidemics, mdi exports and, when the epidemic subsides, the mdi export ends.
In the second half of 2020, the internal epidemic gradually subsided, while in the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021, the outbreak was still in its early stages, the rate of industrial activity in overseas factories was reduced and domestic exports of mdi increased significantly. In the second half of 2021, the external epidemic improved gradually.
Restoring normal life, increasing factory start-up rates, and falling domestic exports. Beginning in 2022, the short-term deterioration of the situation in the Russian Federation and the EU sanctions on Russia, owing to the long-term supply-demand impact of traditional energy sources such as crude oil, natural gas, and the sharp rise in crude oil and European gas prices, which led to a sharp rise in the cost of chemical products in Europe and Europe.
With mdi producing capacity accounting for 27% of total global output, domestic mdi exports have increased. According to monthly data, in March, aggregate mdi exports were 1,003 million tons, affected by a domestic epidemic in April, hampered logistics, the aggregate mdi exports were reduced to 832,000 tons, the internal epidemic was reduced in May, and the aggregate mdi exports were 11.42 million.
Tons, 1.31 per cent more than year-on-year, 37.29 per cent more ring-by-year, and 11,690,000 tons of aggregate mdi exports in June, as a result of the availability of goods. From export destinations, China’s exports to Europe increased significantly in the aggregate mdi-by-year and ring-by-year ratio, from 17.2 million tons to the Netherlands, an increase of 37.7 per cent and the ring-by-year increase of 10.5 per cent; and exports to Russia.
For 0.98 tons, 180.1% increase in the same year, 140.6% increase in the ring, and the logic of mdi exports to Europe is further evident.
Figure 32 net mdi export monthly data Chart 33 aggregate mdi export monthly data High overseas energy costs and mdi price support
1.5.1 European gas prices are high, and winter prices are likely to rise further, leading to a trend of gas shortages due to Europe’s excessive energy transition. The Russian-Turkish conflict that erupted early this year, followed by European sanctions against Russia, is scheduled to reduce its dependence on Russian gas by two thirds by the end of the year.
The energy crisis in Europe has deepened, and the gas gap in Europe has gradually increased. Currently, Russia’s “North Creek-1” natural gas pipeline is unstable and has been closed indefinitely, raising concerns about the stability of gas supply in Europe, where gas prices have continued to rise, reaching €239.8 as of 6 September 2022 in Dutch gas futures.
From historical data, Europe’s demand for natural gas is clearly cyclical, and with the onset of winter seasons in the northern hemisphere, the demand for natural gas will rise further. Every winter is Europe’s peak in natural gas consumption, with Europe importing surplus natural gas from abroad in summer, and the onset of winter, with Europe and America at a peak in natural gas.
The European gas gap is likely to widen further with the reduction of surplus natural gas.In figure 34, gas consumption in Europe varies between the costs of raw materials, both in and out of the sea, and mdi prices support it.
The mdi process route is long and energy costs are high. In the mdi process, several high-energy-consuming processes, such as synthesizing gas installations, nitrobenzene devices, and photogas installations, are involved. The domestic energy is dominated by coal, the hydrogen gas and methanol involved in the process are reacted by raw coal, the energy in the process is provided by power coal and involves kinetic action.
Coal, coal and raw materials, with foreign energy predominantly based on natural gas, and energy price differentials have a greater impact on mdi costs. We compare the price and cost of mdi from different regions. In August 2022, Europolymdi was converted to $3237.22 per tonne, Chinese polymer mdi was converted to $2599.72 per tonne, and US polymer mdi prices were converted to $2599.72 per tonne.
G6999.60/t; mdi single consumption ratio is higher for energy power costs and raw materials pure benzene, according to the CED report. For pure benzene price: 1242/t for pure benzene in Europe, $1362/t for pure benzene in China, $1236/t for pure benzene in the United States.
As energy and raw materials, natural gas is used overseas as energy and raw materials, energy costs abroad are high, and offshore enterprises generally have 6 to 12 months ' annual price agreements for natural gas, increasing the energy-source costs in Europe as the European Association of Business Councils (AECP) natural gas matures. mdi has global circulation properties, and domestic prices for mdi have a huge cost security cushion.
Figure 35 Dutch gas prices tttf Figure 36 Domestic power coal prices
Figure 37 Prices of polymer mdi by region Figure 38 Prices of pure benzene by region fall back by 1.5.3 shipping fees and further decrease in the cost of overseas exports
Over the past year, owing to the global epidemic, the high cost of maritime transport, the gradual normalization of future global maritime transport, and the downward trend in shipping costs. During the epidemic, ports continued to increase their shipping costs as a result of the high movement of people and stricter vaccinations, which affected normal port cargo movements.
According to the Shanghai Export Collector Price Index, the price index for the US-West route has fallen by 17.67% since June 2022, and the price index for European routes has fallen by 12.11%. On a 40-foot container basis, individual containers can store 20 tons of mdi, ibc bags.
United States dollars, equivalent to $50 per ton savings in maritime transport costs for mdi.
Biphenyl diocyanate (tdi) is a type of isocyanate compound, which is mainly based on liquid phase luminous gas (LCP) processes, and is produced through nitrification, hydrogenization, photogasification, complicated production techniques and high installation requirements. tdi and mdi have similar chemical properties, often have polyurethane products from polyol polymers and are used downstream mainly for living purposes.
Soft polyurethane foams and polyurethane elastomers, coatings, glues. 70% of tdi downstream is used in the soft bubbles, mainly sponge products, for cushioning, sofa, etc.: 20% in coatings, in paint solidants, in buildings, cars, electronics, etc.; the remaining 5% in glues and 5% in elastics
2.1.tdi: Long-term supply stability, new output can be seen in all China. By 2022, the global total capacity of tdi was 3.48 million tons, mainly in China, Japan, Europe and the North.
U.S. Of this total production capacity, China has 1.36 million tons, 39%, Europe 850,000, 25%, and America 408,000, 12%. The tdi sector has passed the excess capacity phase, has a stable supply, has no additional capacity abroad, and has recently taken over.
The force majeure factor affects the supply of tdi. In the long run, looking back at the historical cycle of tdi, the last round of tdi operations reached a profit peak in 2017, mainly due to a combination of supply deficits and various force majeures, resulting in a marked gap in tdi and a marked increase in prices in the short term. Market demand has been relatively weak since 2018.
After 2020, there was no significant increase in production in the industry, and the tdi pattern was gradually stabilizing. Looking ahead, there is still no new tdi productive start-up plan overseas, and the country’s Van Huafuji is expected to have 250,000 tons of technology in 2023.
The conversion of the tdi capacity, which is equivalent to an additional 150,000 tons, is currently on hold in the Basif Shanghai 60,000 new capacity, without a clear plan to do so, and the specific timing of the completion of 265,000 tons of the state-based new production capacity is yet to be determined. We expect that the tdi industry is already in supply stabilization and will continue at least until 2023.
Figure 40tdi: Global distribution of tdi capacity 2.2tdi: Short-term supply is limited and tdi climate is expected to rise.
According to the data, the price of tdi rose sharply from $14,000/tonne in early December 2021 to the end of May 2022, the price of tdi fell back to $16275/tonne in August, and the price of tdi fell further, with the lowest price falling to $15,100/tonne.
Coth created force majeure, and the tdi climate is expected to increase. Koth created a 300,000-tdi device in Germany that was expected to resume supply after 30 November because of the chlorine leak. On the supply side: Global tdi did not produce any additional capacity in 2022, domestic gluten was expected to recover after November.
At the end of demand: the country is currently in a low demand season, and after September, there is marginal room for improvement at the demand end. Stock levels, Tdi stocks have dropped significantly, with an inventory of 22,300 tons on August 5, the plant stock at Tdi, 19 August, and the tdi library.
The stock fell to 8,900 tons, and on September 2, the tdi stock fell to only 6,800 tons. On the price side, the price was tdi yuan/tonne, rising by 3.9% per week, and by 18.3% per month, but the price was 19.28% in history, and the price difference was still 16.72% in history.
Large, we believe that the future tdi climate is expected to rise. Chart 44 tdi prices, price differentials, tdi export data are bright, and domestic exports account for their share abroad.
Production of tdi rose annually. In 2018, production of tdi amounted to 555.55 million tons, and consumption amounted to 539.94 million tons; in 2019, production of tdi amounted to 84.78 million tons, and consumption amounted to 75.94 million tons; in 2020, production of tdi amounted to 101.51 million tons, and consumption amounted to 79.59 million tons; and in 2021, production of tdi amounted to tdi.
118.32 million tons, representing an apparent consumption of 82.94 million tons. On the export side, the export of tdi also increased significantly as production of tdi rose. In 2018, domestic exports of tdi amounted to 857,000 tons, with 15.4 per cent; in 2019, exports of tdi amounted to 139,000 tons; in 2020, exports of tdi amounted to 2563 million tons and exports amounted to 2563 million tons.
In 2021, exports of tdi reached 36.90 million tons, exports of tdi 31.3 per cent, exports of tdi 32.5 per cent in the first half of 2022, and exports of tdi continued to rise. According to monthly data, affected by the domestic epidemic, exports declined in March-May 2022, but after the outbreak resumed in June, the number of exports of tdi rose.
As Europe’s energy costs continue to be high, short-term domestic exports of tdi will remain high. In our view, domestic costs of tdi raw materials have a significant advantage, with the expansion of up-to-wheel production leading to industry supply.
During the excess cycle, sufficient domestic tdi production capacity is exported abroad, while overseas tdi capacity is not expanded accordingly, thus achieving a pattern of domestic tdi capture of the overseas market. In the future, overseas tdi has no expansion plan, the export logic of tdi will continue, and the share of domestic tdi exports in the overseas market is expected to remain high.
Figure 45 tdi ' s production, exports, apparent consumption for calendar years Figure 46 tdi ' s monthly exports and same-time acceleration 3 petrochemicals: petrochemicals have a cost advantage and the current price difference is at the end of the year
3.1 Significant advantages in petrochemical cost Strengths in industrial chain integration: the degree of industrial chain integration is one of the important factors determining the cost of raw materials for petrochemical products, and companies use lpg as a feedstock to produce intermediate petrochemical products such as ethylene and acetylene using the light hydrocarbon fission route, and so on.
In 2015, the 10,000-blowing industrial park Po/ae integration project became operational, bringing together the company ' s integration in the c3 industrial chain, and in November 2020, the company ' s integration in the c2 and c4 series was further deepened. In 2022, the company planned the Punley performance new materials project, which continues to contract deep.
c2, c3, degree of industrial chain integration, proposed to build 900,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration, 500,000 tonnes/year polyether, 400,000 tonnes/year pochp, 300,000 tonnes/year polypropene, 300,000 tonnes/year eo, 300,000 tonnes/year eod, acrylic acid and esters, etc. The company ' s Great Ethylene II project was recently approved.
2 x 200,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe) device, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe) device, 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene device, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gasoline plus hydrogen unit (with 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pumped), 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic aromatic pumping unit and ancillary engineering and utilities, with a total investment of 17.6 billion
The project is scheduled to start in October of this year and is expected to be completed by December 2024. We believe that the approved launch of the ethylene II project will further enhance the company’s physicalization and technological leadership in the petrochemical industry chain and high-end polyolefin materials.
Procuring advantages of raw materials rpg: In 2016, the company obtained Saudi Arabian cap prices and successfully entered the Middle East benchmark price decision board for the lpg industry, becoming the first Chinese enterprise to obtain a cp price recommendation; since then, the company has continuously expanded its global strategic procurement resources for lpg and continues to expand with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, Qatar Oil
At the lpg end of the transport, the company signed successive shipbuilding agreements with the Jiangnan shipyard to invest in shipping resources such as vlgc and vlec, to rationalize logistics costs and to provide logistical security for raw materials in the petrochemical chain from the transport end.
Cave storage advantages: Ground storage tanks for flammable and explosive gases, such as propane, require constant temperature pressure and high monitoring requirements, while underground reservoirs have natural rock formations and groundwater levels that are more efficient, stable and cost-effective. 10,000 cubic metres of propane caves are delivered after the second phase, and cigarette-plating industrial parks currently contain 2.4 million cubic metres of cave storage.
Capacity. Purchase of storage at a low price of lpg would reduce the cost of production of petrochemical products on the one hand, and trade in lpg at an increase in the price of lpg to obtain the profit from the cost difference. 3.2 The price difference is historically low on the short-term price of petrochemicals.
Since this year, as a result of the global economic downturn, the Russian-Turkish conflict, the rise in prices of upstream raw materials, lpg prices has been marked, downstream end demand has been low, and product prices have not increased significantly, leading to persistently narrow price differentials for petrochemical products, which are already at historically low levels.
c2 Industrial chain: The price difference is already very low in the history of the division. Since 2020, the company ' s Ethylene Phase I project device has been in operation and currently has 400,000 tons of pvc capacity, 150,000 tons of epoxy ethane capacity, 450,000 tons of ldpe capacity, 650,000 tons of styrene capacity.
The difference is already very low in history, with pvc at 23.84%, styrene at 3.95%, epoxy ethane at 1.07%, lldpe at 39.99%
Figure 49 Styrene prices, price differentials, figure 51 ethylene prices, price differentials, chart 50 epoxy ethane prices, price differentials
c3 Industrial chain: the price difference is historically low. The company ' s c3 product is mainly a po/ae integration project with 30,000 tons of acrylic acid, 30,000 tons of acrylic ethyl ester, 360,000 tons of acrylic ester, and apo/ae devices with an ethylene phase of apo/sm, with a total capacity of 540,000 tons of epoxypropane production. According to our data on c3.
The price difference in the c3 industry is already at a historically low level. The price difference is 0.86% in history, the price difference is 37.61% in history, the price difference is 56.79% in history and the price difference is 39.30% in history.
Figure 53 Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid, Prices of Acid
Figure 56 Prices, price differentials, c4 and other petrochemical products: The price difference is historically low. The company owns 48,000 tons of butadiene production, 80 million tons of neo-ethol, and 760,000 tons of mtbe. According to our tracking of c4 and derivatives, the current dots are dit.
The price difference is 36.72 per cent in history and the price difference is 58.90 per cent in history.
3.3 Crude oil, short-term high volatility of lpg prices. Crude oil prices increased markedly this year, mainly due to shortages of supply and demand, the slow growth of crude oil production at the end of supply, the deterioration of the situation in the Russian Federation at the beginning of the year, the imposition of European-American sanctions against Russia and the obstruction of Russian crude oil exports, which further catalyzed the situation.
The price of crude oil has risen. For example, the price of e-Breath oil has skyrocketed from $80/bpb at the beginning of the year to a maximum of $139/bpb; it has now fallen to $90/bpb; future crude oil prices continue to be affected by the supply-demand relationship, supply-side by the rate of OEC-plus production, Russian crude oil exports, progress on the Iranian issue, etc.; the demand side is largely affected by the global economy.
In the short term, at the peak of the summer season of demand, the price of crude oil remains high, and the price of winter crude oil remains somewhat uncertain; in the long run, demand-side economic recessions have constrained demand, compounded supply-side slow growth and crude oil prices have slowly declined.
Figure 61 propanecp, butanecp Contract price Chart 60 Brent crude oil price trends
Pre-industry low seasons, low demand, low price differentials for petrochemical products. Four quarters into the season, the spread of the season is expected to lead to marginal improvements on the demand side. We believe that the current period is a low-profit period in the petrochemical chain, with long-term downward trends in cost-end lpg prices, and that there is limited room for continued narrow price differentials for petrochemical plates.
Building on the strength of research and development and the advantages of industrial chain integration, the company is fully integrated into new sources of energy, nutrition, and high-end national production alternatives. China’s chemical industry used to focus on traditional raw materials, with weak solutions for essential materials and end-uses in the middle.
With the upgrading of national industries, the pace of domestic substitution of high-end manufacturing and core materials has begun to accelerate, with differentiation, high-value additions and new materials becoming the primary option for companies to plan their development. Moreover, in order to achieve the 2030 carbon peak and the 2060 carbon neutralization targets, new energy sectors such as photovoltaics, lithium, etc. have vast market space, new chemical materials, etc.
Opportunities. The company has developed its own research and development capabilities, relying on the integration of raw materials, and has a patent layout and project planning on alternative national production, new energy sources, nutritional products, etc., and continues to expand the production capacity of special medamines, adepties, special pc, special tpu, water coatings, etc., in new fields of entry, triple materials, and so on.
Semiconductor materials such as battery materials such as lithium phosphate, degradation materials such as pbat and plata, high end polyolefin materials such as poe, fragrance products such as lemon, aldehyde and mintol, organic silicon, polish and polish mats have all started 4.1adi: Special icylates, and the industrial chain has been further enriched
Dimethyl diocyanate (adi) is a special icycyanate, and the molecular chain does not contain unsaturated saturated groups such as benzene rings, with a breakdown of products such as ifluoroketone diocyanate (ipti), hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), 4'-dihycyanate (hmdi), and methyl rings.
Hexachlorodiocyanate (htdi), trimethyl hexamethylenedioxycyanate (tmdi) and phenyldimethyl didioxycyanate (xdi). According to a neo-think industry study, the global industry currently has a total output of 580,000/year left, mainly in Coth, winning, Bassov, Xindium, Mandu Chemical, Rhodia, France, etc.
In terms of output distribution, Kostov is the world’s largest provider of adi, with an annual capacity of 220,000 tons, and the world’s second-largest producer of chemistry, with an annual capacity of about 13 tons. Compared to the mdi-like monocyanate, he has excellent mechanical performance, outstanding chemical stability, and excellent tolerance.
Photoresistency, which is used downstream mainly for the preparation of paints, glues, elastomers, etc., especially the yellow-resilient properties of adi, has important applications in such areas as coating solidifiers and high-end car manufacturing.
The degree to which the industry chain is integrated. In terms of the production process, the adipose meds and photogasses are essentially produced, the photogases are toxic, the production license plates are stringent, the adiposes have higher barriers in catalyst selection and technology, and the company has mature photogas production experience in mdi and has its own special meds.
Development and production teams. In order to bridge the technical connection between adipose and dodi products, the company merged the Ministry of Special Narcotics with the Ministry of Industry and Didi Industry into the Department of Functional Chemicals and, in early 2022, the Division of Functional Chemicals, thereby connecting the entire industry process of administrating admode technology - light gas production - doi production - doi sales.
The company has now achieved industrial production of hdi, ipdi, hmdi products, and is one of the few companies in the world that owns Hdi and derivatives, ipdi, hmdi and diadi monolithics, with a special-di-pud whole-of-industry chain, mda-h12mda-h12mdi whole-of-industry chain,
ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi is the most widely applied product in the region, producing about 65% of the output in the region, and the most important product in the current product series of the Mandarin.
Due to technical barriers, the country has long been highly monopolized and unstable, affecting the supply and price stability of the hdi market, which, since 2021, has been subject to significant price fluctuations due to shortages of raw materials. The country has now made a breakthrough in its own technology, and companies represented by Chinese chemistry have already made their own production.
In order to ensure the stability of the supply of Hdi raw materials, the company, in cooperation with the Pyrotechnics Group, established the Hati New Materials (Ningbo) Ltd., which holds 60% of the shares, and the 180,000 tonnes of annual production of the Dyamine project started in July 2022. According to our calculations, the Hdi monomer for Hdi is used at around 0.75 and the company has the capacity to produce Hdi.
80,000 tonnes, plus 50,000 tonnes of new production in Nimba next year, the total demand for Xindoxin is around 100,000 tonnes. The joint venture plan for Xindoxin meets the company's demand for Xindoxine and further upgrades the company's hdi industrial chain.
The company currently has an Hdi capacity of 80,000 tons, which is expected to start production in 2023, when the total Hdi capacity will reach 130,000 tons. In addition, the company has new plans in Hmdi, xdi, where the company announced in June 2022 the Special Pyrocylates Project Eurasia.
A Hmda/bac device (hmda and 1,3-bac) will be built to be produced in an interchangeable manner, with a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year at the time of production of Hmda only, and a capacity of 15,000 tonnes/year at the time of production of 1,3-bac alone, xdi/h6xdi devices (xdi and h6xdi) will be produced in an interchangeable manner and xdi only.
At that time, the capacity of xdi was 6,000 tonnes/year; at the production of h6xdi alone, the capacity of h6xdi was 6,000 tonnes/year; and Hmdi stage II devices (hmdi capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year). 4.2poe: In the national production replacement process, Huanhua was at the forefront.
Poe imports amounted to 31% in 2017-2021, with a large national alternative market space. Polyvinylene bombs (poe) are an elastomer from ethylene condensed with α-vinyl hydrocarbons, the polyethylene chain in the molecular chain is crystallized, and the branch chain structure of the α-vinylline polymer makes poe unstereotypical.
Without unsaturated double-keys and polar-based groups, compatible with polyolefin-type materials, downstream applications include, inter alia, thermal plastics, elastic tpo, plastic resilience, wire cables, photo-voltaic film, and footwear, in particular, car accessories, which can replace the three-bit beta rubber production brake seals, film sheets, radiator tubes, seals, tubes and spark plugs.
Condoms, etc. can also be used for car bumps, interiors, doorboards, etc.. Poe has not yet been nationalized, with a total of 31% cagr imports in 2017-2021 and 378,000 tons in January-July 2022, an increase of 23.5%. Poe is in the field of traditional automobiles, plastic modifications.
During the rubber plastics process, which has benefited from the rapid development of overall photovoltaics in the elastic sector, the market of the poe as a whole has grown.
According to cpia data, the market for two-sided components reached 37.4% in 2021, an increase of 7.7% in the same year, and it is expected that by 2023, the market for one-sided components will be roughly the same. Poe has a non-polar structure, and it has a more permeable version of the film than that of the eva.
High resistance pid performance, better water resistance, hydrolysis and elasticity, ensures the safety and age-resilient use of components in high-temperature, high-wet environments, allowing components to function long-lastingly.
The change efficiency limit is 24.5 per cent, the N type is 28.7 per cent theoretically effective as an emerging battery class, the N type has been active since 2021, the new battery technology is dominated by poe and epe membranes, and the combined market share of the poe and condensed epe membranes has been raised to 23.1 per cent in 2021, and with the future of the two-provincial components
The market share of the same type of battery technology will increase even further. Poe has difficulties and high technical thresholds in terms of molten metal catalysts, α-olefin monomers, polymers, patent protections. Poe is currently fully dependent on imports and has not yet achieved national production on a scale.
If there are stratological technical barriers to the production of hydroxylene from the source end to the polymer process, (1) the linear long chain \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons are slowly being produced nationally: the industrial production methods of α-vinyl hydrocarbons are mainly wax fission, mixed c4 separation, Feto synthesis, vegetable oils and ethylene ethylene concentration, etc., 1-butylene, 1-hexaphene production processes are mature and Yonsan is developed
Pulse, Da Qing and Xinjiang Monochic petrochemicals are built into the 1-hexylene industrial production facility. As the α-vinyl hydrocarbon molecular chain increases, the more difficult it is to synthesize and produce the product, the more difficult it is to control it, the more it is to concentrate and process it together with a high-precision distillation separation. The ethylene selective integration is condensed into the 1-octane domestic development process and the catalyst formulation is relatively late.
Mechanisms for selective, catalytic synergies between products 1-hexylene and 1-octane have yet to be developed. (2) Poe High Polymeric Metal Catalysing Barrier: The longer the alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons converge with ethylene, the lower the polymeric activity, the more space is blocked, the more space is needed for the central assembly and insertion of the catalyst.
The more difficult it is for poe, which has an even molecular mass distribution. The more difficult it is for zegler-natta catalysts, which do not satisfy the confluence of long-chain alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons with ethylene, the more commercial they are currently commercialized, mainly with fertilized metals, bridge-connected metal catalysts (including the bridge-weeding catalysts and the cgc catalysts). These two types of catalysts are due to their special formulation structure and the bridge-based group.
The central metal is more open and active, which facilitates the formulation and insertion of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, thus achieving the higher alpha-vinyl content required by poe. Similar to 1-hexene, the molybdenum catalyst and the improved bridge-fed moored metal catalytic agent are also in the early stages of development in the country, with appropriate catalyst formulations and synergy between catalysts and catalysts
The mechanism still needs to be studied and refined. (3) Accurate control of the polymer process: Poe is soluble and condensed at lower polymer temperatures, soluble and glued to make the polymer reaction impossible to continue, soluble polymer reaction needs to be over 120°C, with higher requirements for device conditions and catalyst activity. There is currently no Poe mass production process in the country.
The effects of the production process on the distribution of poe molecules and molecules need to be validated on the actual device, and the size of the polymerization process still needs to be explored. (4) Restrictions on patent protection abroad: Poe technology and production capacity are in the hands of overseas producers, the country’s poe technology as a whole is developing for decades abroad, avoiding foreign patents and applying for new ones.
There are challenges. Currently, manufacturers such as Dow, Exxon Mobil and others are patented, but the development of poe technologies and molten metal catalysts has been in an iterative process of upgrading the R & D capabilities of domestic firms and the storage of catalyst technologies.
Figure 65poe Metal Catalyst Development is progressing, Poe’s capacity is now completely monopolized from abroad, and the largest number of domestic firms is expected to make real production in 2024. Global Poe’s capacity is currently around 1.08 million tons, with a total capacity of 460,000 tons, or 460,000 tons, of which is global.
42% of production capacity; Exxon Mobil and Sk, with capacity of 200,000 tonnes, with 19%, and Trinity Chemical, with capacity of 170,000 tonnes, with capacity of about 16%. Domestic firms have not yet achieved planned production, company poe projects are progressing rapidly, projects are progressing at a national lead level, and are currently in the position of metal catalysts and metal catalysts.
A well-developed patented layout of formulations, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and their devices, ethylene concentrate catalysts, etc., has been achieved in 2021 with the mid-ktton test of poe, improved by early 2022 with further improvements in the quality of the poe product, adjusted from 200,000 tonnes/year to 400,000 tonnes/year according to the company ' s ethylene II project plan and expected to be installed in Poe
In 2024, the company planned to expand the production capacity of the poe, showing its confidence in its own pe-compatible process and its interest in the room for market growth of the poe. 4.3 Lemon formaldehyde as a spear into the market for spice nutrients.
China has more than 50 billion market space for fragrances and nearly 30 billion market space for vitamins. The fragrances are indispensable in the fields of solar chemicals, tobacco, and medicine. As the downstream industry expands and expands, spices are typically used as important ingredients for the fragrance.
In 2018, domestic fragrances were sold at $47.23 billion, and in 2020 they were sold at $51.13 billion.
The annual market size is $37.3 billion, with a complex growth rate of 5.10 per cent. Vitamins are a micro-organism that humans and animals must acquire to maintain normal physiological functions and play an important role in human growth, metabolism, and development. Vitamins b is 33 per cent, vitamine 30 per cent, and subsistence.
In 2017, the market for vitamins in China was $3.4 billion, and in 2021, the market was $3.75 billion and the demand was relatively stable.
Figure 67 Chinese fragrance sales, Figure 68 China ' s vitamin market size, Figure 69 Lemon formaldehyde distribution
Figure 70 Vitamin application structure, Bassov, Germany, Bassov Maresi.
48,000 tons of Lemon ellipse are expected to be in production in mid-2023, using lemon ellipse as an entry point for spices.
Lemon formaldehyde is a fine chemical of high value added, has a wide downstream use, is an important raw material such as synthetic violet ketone, methyl violenone, sanol, filamentary alcohol, vitamina, and vitamine, as well as precursors. Lemondehyde is a stable global production capacity, with only three manufacturers currently having a large-scale production capacity and a primer.
It has 40,000 tons of capacity in Germany and Malaysia, 0.8 million in new and new, and 0.30 million in coke. According to the patent layout, the company has applied for a lemon ellipse synthesis patent as early as 2014 and has developed and expanded the application space for lemon formaldehyde downstream at its core.
At the end of the fragrance, the company uses lemon formaldehyde as a feedstock for the development of fragrance products such as saline, saline, saline, l-mintol, etc. At the end of the vitamin, the company uses lemon formaldehyde as an important medium for the counterfeiting of vitamina, such as violentone and violentone, and applies for a number of catalyst technologies.
Lemon formaldehyde is a core entry point that provides a wide range of spices and vitamin nutrients. At present, with respect to lemon formaldehyde and derivatives, the company plans 124,000 tonnes/year of amphetylene, 30 million tonnes/year of amphetyldehyde (including 70,000 tonnes/year of amphetylene nm-bro, 30,000 tonnes/year of amphetone nm-bra, 0.54 tonnes/year of aberration).
Penol nm-mdo, 48,000 tonnes/year of lemon formaldehyde and 25,000 tonnes/year of lemon aldehyde derivatives (nm-hcta devices, including 10,000 tonnes/year of fragrance, 15,000 tonnes/year of fragrance), expected to be ready for production by mid-2023.
5400t/apon (cathal), 2990.9t/atppo (triphenyloxyphos), 2468.86t/ac15 phosphorus, 700t/aw ester concentrate, 392t/aw ester crystals, 1003.8t/aw ester formulations (containing foreign products such as 3.6t/a), and 965t/a by-product tetrahydrofuran (thf).
4.4 Lithium electric material: The purchase of Cheuk Eun, the layout of the trinity, lithium, and nmp materials has a single-month penetration rate of 24.5% of China’s new energy vehicles, and in 2022 it is expected to be close to 6 million vehicles. The re-engineering of speech power across the field offers opportunities for new energy sources to be valued and sought by governments everywhere.
New energy vehicles have grown rapidly in China, with 1.323 million new energy vehicles sold in 2020, 3.507 million in 2021, an increase of 165.1 per cent in the same year, and 3.194 million in January-July 2022, with China forecasting close to 6 million new energy vehicles sold in 2022 and new global energy sources.
Figure 72 shows the sale of new energy vehicles and the acquisition of smoke stations, and the production of lithium materials is steady and steady.
Electric Materials Company, which mainly produces and sells positive-polar materials for lithium batteries, as well as storage of lithium batteries. In April 2020, the company acquired haemorrhagic energy and, on the basis of the original plant and technology, carried out the development of lithium-cell materials, including mainly nickel-cobalt, manganese-triple pre-drillers, positive-polar materials, small-scale pilot development of silicon-based negative-polar materials, and oxidation, tri-polymers, tri-polymers.
In this case, the Trinity Trinity and Trinity material test projects are based on the Trinity material sub-test project, which validates the effects of the experiment by conducting an intermediate test magnification of the better process parameters of the small test processes, and, based on the actual results, optimizes and refines the process route of the trinity material.
Substable, qualified trinity materials, and the company’s research and development of lithium power materials on smoke stations and testing them to provide the basis for the construction of production at the elmino base. In addition, the company is the majority of the country’s mainstream suppliers of car materials, with new energy car customers, and has a resource advantage that, at this stage, is conducive to deepening inter-firm communication and cooperation with new energy vehicles.
At present, the company has completed the production of 10,000 tons of materials in Maroon Hill, and has started construction of 50,000 tons of phosphate lithium in January 2022, which is expected to be ready for production in 2023. n-methyl ketone (nmp) is a chemically stable, transparent solvent with high boiling points and no corrosive properties.
It is an essential organic solvent in lithium electricity production, with 74% downstream for positive assistive materials and lithium cell conductor slurries. According to the Institute of Start Studies, 1,500 tonnes per cell of lithium phosphate are required, 500 tonnes per cell of three Gwh, 601,000 tonnes of global Nmp in 2021, and Chinese lithium batteries.
The demand side benefits from the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the supply side is constrained by the slow release of new production capacity and short- and medium-term supply of Nmp. The company's 80,000-nmp project, which is based on the company's own bdo and methanol production from its gas-based acetylene project at the elmite base, is based on the intermediate gamma-gamma.
The NMP project further enhances the company ' s integration advantages and feedstock cost advantages in the area of lithium electric materials, which are expected to become operational in 2023.
Figure 73 Company nmp process 4.5 Degradable plastics: layout pbat, pla, anhydride material January, co-published by the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Eco-Environment on Further Strengthening the Management of Plastic Pollution
From 2021 onwards, the national catering industry banned the use of non-degradable one-time plastic straws, which gradually became widely available in the country. At the United Nations Environment Assembly (unea-5) in Nairobi on 2 March 2022, Heads of State, Ministers of the Environment and other representatives of 175 countries agreed on a legally binding agreement.
By 2024, a legally binding international agreement will be developed to address plastic pollution through a life-cycle approach. Today, plastic pollution is a global consensus, a future in which it is expected to be addressed by legislation, and a global future in which degradable plastics will be vast.
Development prospects also provide opportunities for our exports of degradable plastics. The application of degradable materials needs to take into account the heat-resistant, processable and combined costs of materials, pbs and plats with decomposition temperatures above 300°C and good heat tolerance, but plat is hard over high, pbat is more resilient, but stretching intensity needs to be strengthened, usually.
Pla, pbat, pbs are the three most commercialized materials in the range of degradable materials. 60,000 tons of pbat are already in production, and 75,000 tons of pla and 200,000 tons of anhydride product cyclic formula.
pbat is a biodegradable highly molecular material with excellent processing and good mechanics, combined with two binary acid pta, adipic acid and binoolbdo by esterinate-condensation reaction, with hydrolysis taking place under certain conditions due to the presence of fat-based polyester structural units. pbat is the most mature.
The technology is Bassov, where national research institutions and enterprises are now relatively mature in their production through the purchase of technology and autonomous research and development, and according to the Irene Consulting and Chinese-Chinese industry data, we currently have a capacity of 521,000 tons in pbat, 1.5 million tons in construction and 1.58 million tons in construction over the next three years.
Material costs are about 1.5-5.5 times that of traditional plastics, and it takes longer periods to market traditional plastic replacements, but degradation of plastics has clear prospects for future development with strict national compliance with plastic restraining orders. In the long run, pbat has more capacity to build, and future pbat is more likely to test the company’s competitive advantage at the cost.
Pla is one of the main degradation materials at this stage, and polymerization methods are the direct condensation of emulsion acids and the condensation of propylene. The direct condensation method has a balance in the system of free acids, water, polyesters and propylene, which is not easy to achieve high relative molecular mass plata, and most of the methods of cyclic polymerisation are used to further increase the plata molecules.
But high-purity technical barriers are high, requiring a response in synthesis under a high temperature vacuum, reflecting a gradual increase in viscosity and an effect on homogeneity, in addition to the need for further purity, higher equipment requirements for the overall process, and some inhibition of the production of plata.
Tons of them, of which Ensign is based on maize, has integrated PEC production technology, with a total capacity of 103,000 tonnes, and Zhejiang Sea is producing 45,000 tonnes of PET. In the course of product development, the company has a full process of pla, such as Prothone, Pyrethrin condensation, catalystsation, polylactate synthesis, polylactic acid modification, etc.
A total of 22 patent applications have been made, and, according to the company's external exchange, Pla uses maize as a raw material for the integration of the entire industrial chain, and the plata has now been tested. On March 22, 2022, the Yonsan base's Environmental Review announcement, “A 75,000 tonnes of PET integration project”, expects that plata will be ready for production in 2024.
On February 8, 2021, the company's E.C.E. announced the 200,000-ton/yearluent anhydride project, which, when completed, was designed to produce 100,000-ton anhydride and 10.16 million tons of solid anhydride annually. Acid is the primary raw material for pbs.
The diol condensation gets degradationable material pbs. From the patent layout, the company is already in the production of butadiate anhydride in the layout, and we assume that the company will move further into the pbs area after the technical route is cleared. In the context of the demand climate for degradable materials, the industry has more capacity to build, there is uncertainty about the future patterns of competition, and the company's pbat chain is extended.
Upstream natural gas to bdo, plata to the most upstream maize, and technology routes from anhydride to pbs, reinforced the model of integrated corporate whole-sector chain development. In 2021, the company collected $15.464 billion in new material plates, representing an increase of 94.18 per cent, mainly due to water.
In the first half of 2022, the new material plate generated $10.44 billion, an increase of 58.42 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the sale of adi and special ammonium products and weather. According to the construction of the company’s new material project, the contribution of the new business income could reach $5.2145 billion.
At present, polyurethane and petrochemical plates are at the bottom of the price differential, and we look forward to the company ' s future mdi and petrochemical (1) projects being operational at a slower rate than expected: (3) the risk of plant force majeure;
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.