Deep South, the ai-driven structure continues to optimize, and the baseboards rise with the atmosphere of storage.
Pcb captures three major downstream opportunities, and income profits double up. 25h1. Corporate pcb achieves a major business income of $6.274 billion, compared to +29.21 per cent, Māori 34.42 per cent, compared to 3.05 pcts.
Fields: The high-speed switch and light module requirements of 400 g and above have increased significantly with wired demand driven by arithmetic demand. 2) Data centre areas: companies benefit from accelerated construction of arithmetic infrastructure, demand release of products such as an acceleration card, and drive orders have grown significantly on a year-on-year basis, becoming a central driver of Pcb performance growth.
Automobile electronics: companies continue to focus on opportunities for growth in motor electronics and adas, and related orders in automobiles continue to grow at a rapid pace. Packing boards focus on capacity-building and market development, and capture opportunities for market growth, such as storage.
1) bt: by field of application: storage of products, companies benefiting from prior import and producing a new generation of high-end dram products for key clients, rising demand from customers, driving corporate storage
There has been a significant increase in product orders: processor chip class products, the fc-csp process has achieved technological upgrading, market competitiveness has continued to increase and support operations have been expanding; rf radio frequency class products have steadily promoted the import of new products from new customers and have completed the steady bulk production of targeted products. 2) abf group: new plants in Guangzhou have been invested
After childbirth, product line capacity is rapidly increasing, production capacity is steadily increasing, and companies have mass production capacity up to 20 layers and below, and technological development and sampling of 22-26 layers of products is proceeding according to schedule. Consider the continued optimization of the structure of the i and car electronics-driven company pcb, the increased demand for domestic production numeracy, and the captioning of the base landscape.
The capacity of the encapsulating base plate to climb is not as high as expected, the demand for the ai and automobile areas is not as high as expected, the import of new products is not as high as expected, and the procurement of national supply chains by national Internet producers is not active.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.