q2 high performance and high demand for arithmetic pcb mid-2025 deep south circuits (002916.sz)
The company's pcb operation generated $6.274 billion, an increase of 29.21 per cent, or 60.02 per cent, and a Māori rate of 34.42 per cent, an increase of 3.05 per cent. In the area of communications, 2025q1 global wireless networks were connected. Market entry grew for the first time after two years of cyclical adjustment; 400g was driven by demand for arithmetic power.
The demand for high-speed switches, light modules, etc. has grown significantly. The data centre area, which benefits from an acceleration of demand for products such as the Chandler card, has led to a significant increase in orders from year to year and has been at the heart of the growth in the performance of pcb operations.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company continues to focus on opportunities for growth in the direction of automobile electronics and adas, and orders remain fast-growing. The overall capacity utilization of the 2025h1 company pcb business is relatively high. In terms of new capacity growth, the company is actively pursuing the construction of basic works for the Thai plant and the South Chinatron 4 project.
Seal boards capture opportunities for market growth in storage, and the Guangzhou project climbs up the slopes and the price of raw materials drags the Māori rate.
The opportunity for field growth has grown significantly over the same period last year. The price of raw materials, such as gold salt, has fallen as part of the Guangzhou sealing board project is in the production-capable slope phase, leading to a decline in the Māori rate of company sealing boards.
There has been a significant increase in corporate orders for storage products, and rf-type products have steadily boosted the import of new products from new customers and the production of targeted products in steady quantities.
The EAC operations focused on the deployment of data centres and auto electronics, with a robust increase in revenue. 2025h1 ECU operations generated $1,478 million, an increase of 22.06 per cent over the same period.
14.14% of the Māori rate is 14,98%, an increase of 0.34 pct over the same period. In the data centre area, the company focuses on opportunities associated with the need for accommodative capacity, actively promoting key client projects and leading to a significant increase in revenue collection.
Investment proposals: The company's deep-deeping electronic circuit industry has developed a “3-in-one” business layout of “technology and customer co-source”, and accelerated development in the country is expected to drive demand for corporate products.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.