Events: A company reported 25 years of excess expected growth in corporate performance as a result of the volume of its arithmetic products, a total business income of 10,453 million ai + storage + car electronic drive in the first half of 25 years, and a company ' s performance in the first half of 25 years of growth is higher than expected.
Higher than expected growth in the Division's performance in the first half of 25 years, q2 quarter operating income of $5,671 million, a year-on-year increase, due to the firm's management of the larger trend of arithmetic upgrade + storage heat recovery + motor intelligence, related areas. Data centre infrastructure eruptions drive the growth of pcb operations, and the beneficial storage market for the encapsulation of base plate operations
Demand rises. By category, the printing of circuit boards/envelope boards/electronic packaging combined operations took place in the first half of 25 years, i server markets were booming, corporate accelerator card orders increased significantly over the years, and high-speed total equity/flow (billion shares)
The demand for switchboards and light modules has increased significantly, and the size of orders for wireless and cable communications products from companies has increased.The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) With regard to the sealing of base plates, the company's forward import and volume production of a new generation of high-end dram products from key clients has increased.
The highest/lowest price in 12 months The beneficiary domestic storage market has grown, customer demand has risen, and company orders have increased significantly over the same period last year.abf (fc-bga) envelopes, new plant in Guangzhou have been put into operation and product line capacity has been rapidly raised
Upgrade, capacity climbs steadily, companies have mass production capacity on the 20th floor and below, and technological development and sampling of 22-26th layer of products is on schedule. < < 24-year review of Deep South circuits: pcb operations
272.99, 3,2641 million yuan, or 23.96 per cent, 22.98 per cent, 19.57 per cent, respectively; high-growth, and continuous import of new contents of the enveloped base plate > - < < continuous import of high-end items into the.ai class plus.
Rapid release >- 2024-10-22 < < Real gold is not afraid of the epidemic. > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report