Sienna is a permanent green tree in the mpv market in North America, with a good reputation and sales.
A mpv for the North American market has been introduced for four generations, with car-style history going beyond competition. Sienna has always had it, given that the company is Guangzhou AutoIndustries, Inc., and has a generous car space, comfortable driving experience, and reliable configuration.
Co-initiators, such as the company Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel, and others, who sold 137,000 vehicles in the United States in 2015, mpv market-based Iron Enterprises Group Ltd.
27%. With the new generation of sienna on the market in 2021, sales volume of 2021h1 was placed in the mpv-initiated large State-owned stock-holding enterprise group of North America. The main operations include passenger cars, commercial cars, motorcycles, etc.
First of all, the share of the mpv market is 34%. Research and development, manufacture, sale and post-sale of cars, car parts and components.
Services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products, are sold at a high price by the automobiles and the importers and distributors. The first entry into the Chinese market was the second generation sienna.
For reasons such as car credit, finance leases, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance, and transport costs, parallel imports are sold at a high price, with the highest U.S. regulation 2021, 2.5lsienna, offering more than two times the price of the U.S. official network.
In the next three to six months, major issues are highlighted: Experience, sienna has good sales in China’s parallel import of mpv. Toyota’s national production, Sienna, is known for its high-end household mpv, and is more competitive.
In the case of debt and cross-stock holdings: the price of Sejon is highly symmetrical. The main advantages of Seine are (i) the mix of 2.5lths debt, which has been adjusted for conversion prices since 22 September 2021.
All of it, fuel is economically good and meets the needs of Chinese consumers; (2) car space is large, with a transferable debt of about 2.55 billion yuan relative to the competition, and it accounts for a wider horizontal ride, and the third row of seats is available at the ground level to make the back-up space available.
62.1 per cent of total debt is larger: (3) Sena has a better reputation in parallel import markets, and the excellent performance of high-end mpv vehicles, such as Elfa and Rey Kassam, under the Toyota flag, has resulted in a better consumer base in Sena.
The extended family travels to promote the mpv blue sea market for middle- and high-end households, which is a powerful competition. The implementation of the two-child policy in 2016 and the three-child policy in 2021 has led to an increase in the proportion of extended families, with seven cars becoming the largest household travel requirement. The “2-3-3” layout used by most mpv is easier to multiply than the seven suvs.
Total equity/transita unit (millions of shares) Free movement of passengers, side slider design to facilitate entry and exit, back row seat fleximetry to make vehicles more functional. Considering our peak mpv penetration rate of 10.6% and Japanese mpv penetration rate in recent years,
The company’s profit forecast and investment rating: the race is the weight of the United States mpv market and the domestic parallel importing car market.
In order to be a car, we're looking at our country's postnatal sales, which are expected to cost 100,000 vehicles a year. According to retail prices, the average price of the car, based on the reference version and the elimination of the dealer's profits, is about 328,000 dollars. The net profit rate is expected to be 15% when the sauna climbs up the slope, and it may be a good time for the Toyota.
In the long run, the Volatile Group autonomy has improved, and the joint ventures have increased steadily. 23, 13, and 11 times, respectively, and the Voltage H-shares 10, 6 and 5 times, respectively, maintain a “strong push for the financial and intellectual growth of the East”
1. The North American market: the mpv market's constant green tree, with a good reputation for sale.
1.1 Car-type history: North America was born in four generations, functional and functional sienna was a home mpv introduced by Toyota for the North American market, which was marketed in 1997. Because of its dominance in functionality, utility and security, sienna has always had a good market position in the North American market and a strong market base. In 2020, fourth generation sienna was in the United States.
Listed and produced for the first time in mainland China by Toyota Hiro, named “Saina.” So far, four generations have been introduced: Toyota, originally launched at the mpv market in the United States, has only been able to carry small-load motors, and the first generation Sienna has been carrying 3.0lv6. Second generation Sienna has provided a four-drive version, and body space.
A 45% increase over the first generation. The third generation began to introduce a rectangular seat. The fourth generation was built on the Toyota Tnga-k platform, with a significant change in skin design and a branded hev power system. The first generation (1998-2003)
At the end of 1997, Toyota introduced a front-wheel-drive sienna in the North American market, located in George Town, Kentucky, United States. Sienna's axle range is 2.9 metres, with a car length of 4.84 metres, 1.86 metres, 1.71 metres, respectively.
The first generation of sienna’s safety configuration was also in the forefront of the mpv market in North America at the time, including the front row seat side airbags, vehicle stability control systems, and abs. Optional versions include cce, le, and Xle.
Second generation (2004-20010) Second generation sienna showed up in Detroit in 2003 with two-wheel drive and full-wheel drive versions, moving production to Princeton, Indiana, United States.
The only item in the US market that provides a full-wheel drive version of mpv. The second generation sienna carries a 3.33mz-fev6 engine with a rated capacity of 230 horsepower and an axle range of 3.03 m and a height of 5.08 m, 1.97 m, 1.75 m, respectively. The second generation sienna's space has been significantly upgraded compared to the first generation, with a 60/40-discord configuration of the seat, and even the full-wheel drive version provides a foldable third row of seats.
At the end of 2009, the third generation sienna was present in Los Angeles, with a small increase in size compared to the second generation and consistent axle ranges.
Regulation, third generation sienna was launched with a 2.7l four-cylinder engine (cut off in 2013) to reduce costs and save fuel. The 2011-2016 reversion sienna carried the 3.5l2gr-fev6 engine and the 6-speed hand-to-hand transmission box, and the 2017-2020 second reversion of third generation sienna carried the 3.5l2gr-fksv6 engine and the 8-speed hand-to-to-power conversion box.
Figure 1: Second generation siennale appearance
Figure 2: Appearances of the third generation siennalimited, fourth generation (2020-present) The fourth generation of sienna was released in the United States in 2020 and will be produced for the first time outside North America — China. The fourth generation sienna is based on tnga.
In the framework of the ga-k platform, which is similar to the suv Hlanda platform, the size of the vehicle is less variable than in the third generation. The functional mix of sienna under the new platform includes wireless charging, head-up display, 360-degree viewing images, vehicle air conditioning, vehicle vacuumers, heating of seats, steering wheel heating, electric doors, etc. The main passive safety configuration includes self-adaptation cruises, active brakes, blind area monitoring, track maintenance, etc. The fourth generation sienna no longer provides fuel.
Ben, with a 2.5l mixed power system with a output power of 243 horsepower, with both front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive drivers. North American version of the fourth generation of sienna includes le, xls, lmited, xse and platinum. Figure 3: A look of the fourth generation siennaxle
Figure 4: Fourth generation sienna cockpit, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Table 1: Section 2021 USSienna's main configuration 1.2 sales performance: Bestseller America, market base, four generations old, car-type history overturns its competition. Sienna uses spacious car space, comfortable driving experience, and reliable configuration performance.
After that, the third generation sold 137,000 vehicles in 2015, reaching 27 per cent of the market share in the mpv market, but its sales declined steadily as a result of the emergence of new competing products and the fact that the sienna itself had not been updated. With the new generation of sienna on the market in 2021, its sales began to recover, with 2021h1 being first in the North American mpv, with a share of 34 per cent in the mpv market.
Figure 5: Sienna sales over the years in the United States market (in vehicles) Figure 6: Major vehicle-type market share in the United States mpv market
The main advantage of the fourth generation of sienna is the larger storage space, and the excellent fuel economy following the complete installation of the hev system. At present, the main competition in the North American market is Hondadyssey, Chiacarnival, and Chryslerpacifica. Compared to the competition, the price of sienna is at a medium level and its storage capacity is excellent. Sienna is the only one in the current North American market that can achieve a mix of oil and electricity.
mpv, which combines a full-wheel drive system, allows it to maintain a high level of fuel economy while maintaining motor power, meeting the daily power needs of households and fuel conservation demands. Although Chrysler Pafirica has also provided a phev version, its fuel is less economical than sienna, a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Table 2: North American market sienna versus competition 2. Chinese market: high market recognition, national production opening up new development space
2.1 The parallel import age: Toyota quality was recognized by consumers, and sienna was sold domestically in parallel import cars before it was produced in the Toyota country. At the beginning of Sienna’s entry into the domestic market, the mpv model of the joint venture was not yet nationalized.
According to information from the Automotive House, the first ones to be sold in the domestic parallel import market were the second generation sienna ' s xle and ltd versions, at a price of $720,000, followed by the third generation, which was sold in the same channel, and the fourth generation, which was sold in both nationalized and parallel import vehicles.
The price of the imported sienna is higher than that of the local distributors in the United States. The price of the parallel imported vehicles is higher than the official price of the country of origin. The main points are the tariffs to be paid for the import of vehicles (25 per cent), the value added tax (17 per cent) and the consumption tax (0-40 per cent depending on the volume of the car), and the costs of customs clearance, logistics, storage, etc. incurred during the transport process.
For example, its combined customs tax rate is 60.7%, and in terms of the end price, the top distributor of the parallel import version US regulation sienna offers more than two times the price of the US official network. With large space and comfortable driving experience, sienna has good slogans and sales in China’s parallel import mpv market.
In the mpv market, Toyota Elfa, Benzr-level positioning high-end commerce does not constitute a positive competition with sienna. Compared to the US competition with Agahua, Kelesler Dajelon, sienna is more competitive in the Chinese market with its advantages in space, driving experience, and the Chinese consumer’s appreciation of the Toyota mpv model.
Toyota's flagship ship, mpv, was produced by Hiro Moto Toyota for the first time outside the United States since its launch. Toyota Toyota was produced on October 30th.
Officially listed, retail prices are recommended at $30.98-450.58 million. The size of the vehicle is 5165mm*1995mm*1765mm (the height of the top and platinum is 1785mm), the axle range is 3060mm, and all are equipped with 2.5lths mixed power systems, motor power net.
Figure 9: Toyota side: Toyota side: Figure 10: Toyota cockpit: Toyota cockpit: Toyota
Seine's headline mpv, with six configurations to meet different household needs. Toyota Toyota has six configuration versions, including comfort editions, luxury editions, noble editions, supreme editions, platinum editions, and luxurious welfare editions. Comfort editions, as a minimum, are recommended for retail prices of $309.98 million, while the lower-down editions have mainly reduced the configuration of electrical tail doors, real leather steering wheels, first row chairs, 8 speakers, etc.
Two rows of seats have their backs and legs tuned, the second rows have heating and ventilation, and the gps navigation system. The top version has increased the senses of rain scratching, kicks, sensors side doors, back-windowed skylights, noise-reduction glass, and so on. The platinum version, as full-system tops, has been upgraded mainly in terms of recreation and comfort, and is equipped with 360 panorama images, streaming rear-view mirrors, outside-view mirror memories, jbl sound (12 loudspeakers), 11.6 inch rear-film entertainment systems, hands
The Luxury Well-Being version provides a second row of liftable seats based on the luxury version.
The Bounty Group (601238): The route of the Seine, the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the path of the Seine Bombing Group (601238).
The main difference between the national and the American versions is in the interior configuration. The American version sienna has a front and four, seven and eight versions for consumers, while the national version currently has only seven front-loading versions. In the rotation, the American version is 20 inches higher than the national version. In the interior, for example, with the top-up version, the national product adjusted the recreational comfort configuration, including the full LCD dashboard, the full-touch control, the labeling and the high-screening.
This compares favourably with the Chinese competition: the main competitions in the domestic market are Bekgl8, Chiagar, Honda Odre/Mr. Avery, and popular. As a home type mpv, Sina’s body space has a certain advantage, compared to the current domestic mpv breakdown of the market’s popular model, the Honda Odyssey.
Big, but smaller than Buickgl8. In addition, the race was the first mpv to carry the Toyotaths hybrid system, the US edition announced a consumption of 6.53l and the Ministry of Information and Communications reported a consumption of 5.89l at a minimum of 100 km (based on 36 mpg).
The direct competition from the East’s financial and intellectual boom is the Buickgl8es series, which sells at a very high price. The greatest advantage of the race is low fuel consumption.
As the first mpv to carry the 2.5ths hybrid system in Toyota, Syracian consumes only 5.89l, the advantage of which is obvious. From space, the gli8es land size competition is big, but Sena uses a sinking trunk, the third row of seats is down and the ground level is more suitable for large families.
In terms of configuration, the Toyota Collision Auxiliary Package and 9 srs airbags are more secure than the gl8, but less than the gl8. Berkgl8 is a mpv-type vehicle in the domestic market, mostly because of the strength of reliable products and their fine-tuning.
Bekgl8 is a special mpv model for gas production in China, which was listed in 2000 and is now five generations old and belongs to the domestic mpv market. According to the Federation, the share of gl8 in the domestic mpv market (excluding parallel imports) reached 19% in 2007, and the share of fourth-generation gl8 continued to rise to 14% in 2020.
At that time, the area of the breakdown was small, so gl8 grew rapidly with the product design and the branding effect of the joint venture at the time, based on the precision of market demand. Then the gl8 expanded the family product line to reach the household population and achieved market radiation for different prices and different vehicle requirements. According to the SAC, sales in the Buickgl8 high-end series accounted for more than 60% of its total sales.
Figure 12: Buickgl8 sales and share in the mpv market
Development, now the fifth generation of Bekgl8 has three broad lines of family products. For example, in 2022, business class on land covers a market area of 200,000 to 300,000, with a combination of 2.0t+9at+48v light-motivated power, balancing fuel economy and power performance with a more spacious in-car space than the same level of competition, with a basic configuration to meet daily household and general business needs; and the price range between the es Landmasters is 300,000 to 400,000, which belongs to the Bekgl8 family.
The driving experience is consistent with the needs of most middle-end and high-quality business and household users: Avia's price is 450,000 to 550,000, the whole label is more luxurious, and its greatest difference from a business class on land, Es Liang, is the provision of four and six seats layout versions, with a greater focus on high-end commerce.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east: According to the report on the environmental impact of the expansion of the Toyota production capacity in Hiroshima, Sena is planning to produce 10.26 million vehicles per year, which is only 374 million vehicles less than the thermal suv of Hirotota and Hanlanda. According to competitive sales, 150.8 million vehicles were sold in Bekglo in 2020, and the sister car, Odessa and Honda.
The sum of 84.1 million cars sold by Mr. East Fung Honda, and the planned production capacity of Sena is between the two. We believe that the postnatal match is expected to continue with the heat of the parallel import market in the United States and China.
China’s mpv market (excluding parallel import cars): in the three quarters of 2021, our mpv sales increased by 10.4 per cent in the same year, with a penetration rate of 5.6 per cent, almost the same as last year. The main players in our mpv market, regardless of the parallel import market, were autonomous car companies, with a significant head effect. The sales of cr 5 was 70.3 per cent in the three quarters of 2021, of which the top sales volume was the market share of the upper-air Mitsubishi.
East's source of wealth and wisdom, the Broad Gas Group (601238): The route of the Seine blast is now dominated by medium- and high-end commerce (Bekgl8), low-end commerce (Vibri macrolight, etc.), and the domestic market is open. From the supply side, it's the mpv model.
See, according to use, mpv is concentrated in low-end commerce mpv, represented by Mitsubishi macrolight, Mitsubishi Kaiter, and medium-end high-end mpv, represented by Bekgl8, with a greater choice of vehicle types. For household use, the joint-venture model is represented by Honda Odessai, Mr. Alexey, and gl8, with the autonomous model represented by fax m6, but there is still a large gap with commercial mpv in terms of market share.
Figure 16: 2021, Mitsubishi macrosight, Figure 17: 2021, Algorithonian appearance, we believe that, with the liberalization of the two-and-three-child policy, the demand for the home mpv market will be activated.
On 11 May 2021, the new Government held a meeting on the main results of the seventh national census, which resulted in a marked increase in the fertility rate of “two children” . According to a sample of data published by the National Statistical Office, the birth rate of two children in 2017 reached a recent peak of 24.4%, which contributed to the increase in the proportion of extended families. In August 2021, the three-child policy was published.
Figure 18: Sample of fertility of two children in China (in %) (2) Flexible, spatial, functional and multifunctional back-seat seats are the core competitiveness of mpv for household use.
There is a higher demand for seating when the child is young, and there is a need for separate and larger positions for seating, which imposes a higher degree of space and comfort on the second and third rows of seats. The “2-3-3” layouts used by most mpvs are easier to satisfy than the seven suvs, and the “2-3-3” layout is easy for two or three rows of passengers to move freely, the side slide door design is easy to get off, and the back row seat flexibility makes the vehicle more functional.
The product attributes are highly compatible with the user’s demand for home mpv. In 2025, the country’s mpv sales are expected to exceed 4 million vehicles, and in 2020-2025, the compound rate of increase was 33%.
The penetration rate of mpv in the passenger car market peaked at 10.6% in 2016 and has fallen to around 6% in recent years, which is a gap with developed country markets such as Japan. We believe that, with the increase in the proportion of extended families and the introduction of a new exemption rule for seven to nine cars for six years from 2021, China’s mpv market will open up new development opportunities. Considering our peak penetration rate of mpv at 10.6% and Japan’s mpv at 15 to 17% in recent years.
Source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, Hiro Group (601238): The route of the Seine Explosion: Table 10: China's mpv sales forecast for 2025
Sena is more competitive in the mpv market at the mid-to-high end. When Seine is listed, he hits the middle-to-high end household market. The main competition is Bekl8es, Hoklu, Honda's sister car model, Odyssey/Alexandr, Jagahua, and modern Kostu. The main advantages of Seine are: (1) a 2.5lths hybrid system with Toyota, with a good fuel economy and in line with the needs of Chinese consumers; (2) a large car space with a wider horizontal ride of relative competitions, the first one.
The three rows of seats can be downgraded at ground level to make space more available in the trunks; (3) Sena has a better reputation in parallel import markets, and the excellent performance of high-end mpv vehicles such as Elfa and Lexasam, under the Toyota banner, has built up a better consumer base. Sienna is a permanent green tree in North America’s mpv market, with a better reputation and better sales.
mpv, four generations old, has a car-type history that transcends its competition. Sienna, with a spacious body space, comfortable driving experience and reliable configuration, has always had a good reputation and sales. Sienna sold 137,000 vehicles in the United States in 2015, with a market rate of 27 per cent for mpv. In 2021, with a new generation of sienna on the market, sales of 2021h1 were first in the mpv model of North America, with a share of 34 per cent in the mpv market.
Early years, sienna entered the Chinese market through parallel imports, with domestic importers offering higher prices than local United States sales. The first to enter the Chinese market was second-generation sienna. The price of parallel imports was high, for example, because of import duties and transportation costs, and US rule 2021, 2.5l sienna’s highest import dealer offered more than two times the price of the US official network. But, thanks to large space and comfortable driving experience, sienna was in the middle.
The Toyota Toyota National Product named Sienna, with a high-end household mpv, is competitive. Sena is officially on the market on October 30, with a sales price of $30.98-450.58 million, which coincides with the price zone of Bekl8es.
The 2.5lths hybrid system, with a good fuel economy and in line with the needs of Chinese consumers; (2) large car space, with a wider horizontal dimension to the competition; space in space, with a third row of seats down to achieve a higher level of ground space for the back-up compartment; and (3) Sena with a better mouthstone in the parallel import market, and the excellent performance of high-end mpv models such as Elfa and Lexuslm under the Toyota flag have built up a better consumer base.
Large family travels to promote the mpv blue sea market for middle- and high-end households, which is a powerful competitor. In 2016, the two-child policy and the three-child policy of 2021 led to an increase in the proportion of extended families, with seven cars becoming the first to travel. Most of the mpvs use “2-3-3” layouts that are easier to move freely than seven suvs of passengers, side-sliding door designs to get off, and back-seat flexing to make cars more functional.
With mpv penetration peaking at 10.6% and Japanese mpv penetration at 15-17% per year in recent years, we assume that China’s mpv penetration in 2025 is expected to be on the domestic mpv market. On the basis of this analysis, we believe that the Seine country will benefit from industrial development after childbirth, and is expected to become a mpv market model for mid- and high-end households, with capacity to climb the slope.
After that, it is expected that 100,000 vehicles will be sold annually, contributing $4.9 billion in profits to Toyota: given the annual sales of Sena's main competition in the joint capital market, the production capacity planning of Toyota, and the development of the future domestic mpv market, we expect 100,000 to be sold after the market.
Profit: According to our estimates, the net interest rates for Hiroshima Toyota 2020 and Toyota 2021h1 are 10.3% and 11.2%, respectively, with an average vehicle cost of $145.9 million. According to retail prices, we extrapolate the model to approximately $32.8 million based on the reference version and eliminate the dealer's profits.
The price is much higher than the average price of the Volvo Toyota model, and the profit margin for the mpv model will be higher than the current Toyota model.
Industry demand is low; lack of core improvement is not as good as expected; and Saina productivity is not as high as expected.
♪ The path of the Seine ♪ ♪ The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom ♪
Li Jinjin Nankai University, Master of Management, multi-year research experience in automobiles and spare parts, National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, 2009-present.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.