You're going to benefit significantly from a revaluation of the value of Chinese assets.
The point of view is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) with deep adjustment to the global economic landscape, China’s asset value revaluation logic is clear.
(ii) Policy environment: since 9.24, macro-policies have maintained an easing orientation and overlap.
(c) Value dimensions: a share and port unit are currently valued at historically low levels, security margins are prominent, and there is a significant amount of repair space available, and so on.
Gravity continues to rise. 4) Financial situation: As reforms, such as steady finance, improved capital market infrastructure, and so on, the trend of FDI inflows has intensified, and the effect of incremental capital support has become apparent.
The consensus on the allocation of block assets is further highlighted. 1) The strategic strength of the National Team, the increase in the number of shares in the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. by between 2.95 and 79.8 million, and the holding of 10.4 and 8.03 million shares in the Central Bank and Chinese Certificates, respectively, is stable, reflecting the steady size of the warehouse holdings.
Long line funds have a strong confidence in the basic resilience of the huts. 2) The amount of the PDF has risen and, by the end of the first quarter, more than 1,192 funds had included the huts in the top ten weights.
Performance certainty poles through the cycle, with high scores continuing to enhance shareholder returns. 1) Steady growth through the cycle: corporate revenue/net profits cagr demonstrated high-end white wine-heading resilience in 2019-2024. 2) Cash flow versus shareholder returns are both positive: free cash flow
The net profit ratio is over 100% over the long term, and the shareholder returns range is 75% in 2024, with an average double-digit increase.
In the context of the continued evolution of the logic of the revaluation of China’s assets, the distribution value of Maotai in Guizhou as a core asset was further highlighted. At the end of April 2024, the company accumulated $3.039 billion in equity buy-backs to highlight management’s commitment.
This is significantly lower than the historical average. Given that the company’s operating guidelines are growing from 15% in the past few years, there is a huge amount of hungweiwen.