• Recent intensive national policies to promote equipment upgrading and intellectual development, and to promote the production of Boshin.
In April 2024, seven departments jointly issued the Program for Promoting the Implementation of Equipment Upgrading in the Industry, which refers to upgrading state-of-the-art equipment, promoting the application of smart manufacturing equipment, etc.
Qualitative policy promotes large-scale equipment upgrades and several intellectual upgrades: (1) in June 2024, four departments issued a circular stating that the equipment renewal loan would receive a financial discount; (2) in July 2024, two departments issued a document specifying that digitized enterprise-specific equipment and intellectually modified inputs were creditable to the taxable portion of enterprises for the current year: (3) 2024
In July of this year, the country’s regular meeting proposed the pooling of extra-permanent and special national debt funds to further promote large-scale equipment upgrading. The country has recently and repeatedly stressed the importance of technological innovation in the United States, policy support for the development of the Boshin State, and has always attached great importance to the replacement of national production in key high-technology areas, and has called for the effective use of the country’s new technologies.
In recent years, the State has repeatedly emphasized the promotion of technological innovation and innovation in State enterprises: (a) on 19 July 2024, the Central Republic of China held a press conference to present and interpret the spirit of the 20th and 10th sessions of the Plenary of the Party, which referred to the promotion of State-owned capital and State-owned enterprises to do their best and to carry out State-owned economics.
State-owned enterprises need to build up their original technological sources; (b) according to the Federation's July 19 call, the NPC Committee of the State Council convened an expanded meeting and a group of theoretical learning centres of the Party Committee, which emphasized the need to continue to work as a powerful country with capital and state-owned enterprises and to continuously improve the country's financial resources in the national innovation system.
The value of new production relationships is to promote the development of new forms of productivity. The Treasure News software is an important tool for the development of national production alternatives and a high degree of policy support from the state.
• Large-scale national plc leader, deep-seated whole-industry chain, with the prospect of nationalization.
In the case of the big plc, the company’s current intellectual needs are raised - the company’s information update report.
We have developed a national product layout centred on large-scale plc&scada industrial control software, information technology software, ai large models, robotics, aidc, etc., and we see the company’s national production as an alternative to long-term growth space.
Need is on the rise - company update