Policy, customer, industry cross-checking, Treasure National Ingenuity Treading, Treasure Software (600845.sh) • Policy end: strong state support for autonomous control and equipment upgrading, maintenance of buy-in ratings
In recent times, China's central documents, the study board of the National Investment Commission, the workshop for the heads of the National Investment Commission, and so forth, have been highly focused on the need to develop science, technology and innovation in order to speed up progress in the critical areas of “cricket” debt, over $3 trillion in the upgrading of equipment, and over $20 billion in fiscal interest.
Equipment upgrades are expected to boost the demand for bottling products. We maintain the expected company-level clients: the company self-researched large-scale plc support group, which entered China in 2024, with more than $50 billion in annual revenues in 2024, and China in 2024, with 500aires in wealth, ranking 313th place.
The site is a one-time, full-scale demonstration of the scale application of the Pulse self-researched plc-based process. The Hunan Hong Kong Silicon Project has been under contract for only three months from the start of the construction, and has been under construction for only one year, and has been successfully downlined for the first part of the province to take silicon steel. The Hong Kong Group and the company have been closely associated with national production.
Co-operation, the Hunang base in Hunan, Guangxi base, etc., has repeatedly adopted plc products from the Treasure House, reflecting the strong power of the national production of the Treasure Software. Interstate Electric 2024H1plc earns $312 million, an increase of 26.67%, and Māori 56.71%.
This is an increase of 1.68 percentage points to verify the recovery of the industrial chain. Treasure software is a scarce domestic product with a large prc. Large-scale plc industrial software is essential in the field of industrial control.
Over a long period of foreign monopolies, large plc barriers to competition are mainly “core process algorithms + customer certification”. After nearly 10 years of accumulation and deposition, the Division has developed more than 200 core process algorithms, which are now moving into large sizes.
With a large plc, the company has now emerged as a turning point for growth - a company update.
Nationally produced large-scale plc&scada engineering and control software, information technology software, ai large models, robotics, aidc bulletin 2024.7.21.
Wind mouth - Corporate Information Update Report - 2024.7.18