The winner of an Internet giant's idc project, ICSID reboots the Treasure Software (600845.sh) 22nd of September 2024.
Xingbao Yunhua North Base has won a major idc project, idc has reached a new milestone, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
This winning project is about 75% of the total planned scale. The project will use green renewable energy power and aim to achieve 100% renewable energy power use by 2030.
We believe that the winning bid for this idc project marks the launch of the company's idc. Full Bank autonomously controlled plc product, with multiple performances several times ahead. On September 20, 20, 2024, the company's full Bank autonomously controlled t3 and t4 products were released in Shanghai, Skywalk Series plc.
Products range from operating systems to operating software, to full-scale storage control in the programming environment, to the self-controllability of the "runtime+ compiler" core technology at nc, with high reliability, stability and intellectual activity, which can be widely applied in a wide range of industries. Skywalk t3 performance: medium plc, with four nuclear cpu,
Biting processing time 2ns, task minimum cycle 1ms, etc.; Skyline t4 performance: large plc, with the advantages of “strong function, excellent performance, steady as Mount Tarzan”, cpu 4 calc, four times as high as the main plc and 50,000 500 ms as the main plant in Germany.
Large plc doubles, and live bus up to two paths at the same time, pn and 4 paths ec, which are three times higher than the mainstream plc. The autonomous controlled scada product has been upgraded over time and has been successfully applied to a number of industries.
In 2019, the company introduced a brand-new bs-structured product, Iiplat, and applied it to the Iron and Steel Wisdom of the city, which showed a remarkable increase in the Māori O2 ratio ratio.
Since 2024, the new generation of scada software products, irplat-ba, has been successfully used to produce industrially controlled products abroad.
Self-Research Scada Multi-Professional Application, Self-Replacement.
Several industry applications, such as semiconductors, water, medicine, bridges, etc., have been issued with over 1,000 sets of authorizations.
National Ingenuity to Pick Up - Corporate Update