The scarce national product replaces the conglomerates of the country, and the rare national production of large plc taps (600845.sh) maintains the “buy-in” rating by deep-seated national production and intellectually building the entire industrial chain.
The party’s 20th plenary session re-emphasized the development of new-quality productivity, and the country has always attached great importance to the replacement of critical high-tech national production, and has called for the effective use of the backbone in the new national system to speed up the core of key technology. The Treasurehouse software is a powerful, scarce national plc leader.
Industrial software is essential in the field of industrial control, and our large market share in the plc is a long-standing foreign monopoly, and companies, after almost 10 years of accumulation and sedimentation, form more than 200 core process algorithms, officially launched in July 2021 a large plc, a national product, and opened the stage for a large replacement of the plc, which is now gradually entering the large plc city.
High-speed growth from 0 to 1. With large plcs, the company has now developed a national product layout based on a national product of large plc&scada engineering software, information technology software, ai large models, robots, aidc, etc., which we regard as an alternative to long-term growth space. We maintain expectations.
The Ministry of Finance and the Directorate General of Taxes have recently issued a bulletin on energy efficiency, environmental protection, digitalization of special equipment for safe production, and the policy of intelligent transformation of corporate income tax, according to which enterprise-specific equipment is digitized and intelligent.
We believe that this policy is a substantial State support for digital and intelligent development, and it is expected to boost the demand for home-grown smart products from Treasure News software. • Alternative development of company-owned production is divided into three main lines.
National production replaces three main lines: (1) at the end of the product: at the core of the large plc, gradually deepens the layout of the products produced by the three power control systems, industrial robotics, and i large models; and (2) at the end of the industry: from private steel enterprises, step by step.
Expanding to state-owned steel companies such as the BMW Group and to major enterprises; (iii) Globalization: Innovative Needs Uplifting - Corporate Information Update Project in Indusity, Indonesia, and the proposed establishment of a Saudi branch, Turing Robots, which is already on the international stage.
In 2023, the company’s 500th top 230th place, the Hundang base in Hunan, the Guangxi base in Hongkwan, and so forth, the Shanghai power-driven smart car development, the Bo-in-Kin intelligence calculation, has repeatedly adopted the plc product of the Treasure House, reflecting the strong power of the company’s national product.
Increased demand is expected - company information update. Equipment update policy landing, Treasure letter software core benefit - company information update report.