Treasure letter software (600845.sh) How's the big idc project in the Treasure Clouds, keeping an eye on the idc industry layout for the future?
On 22 September, the company announced the winning Internet giant idc project, for which the North Base of Treasure was the recipient and currently receives 60 mwit orders, while setting aside 60 mwit and guaranteeing short-term delivery.
The winning scale is 75% of the North China base plan, with great potential for future idc operations: the North China base is located in the area of a steel plant located in the area of Zhang Jiaguchi, Hebei Province, and in the country's “East and West” cluster, which has a total of 20,000 8kw cabinets with a total size of 160mwit.
This project will use green renewable energy power, with a target of 100% renewable energy power by 2030. We believe that this winning mark represents the great success of the corporate idc operation outside the Long Triangle, with a strong position in the North China market, but no.
With the rise of further demand driven by ani, there is much room for corporate idc’s business growth. The second quarter saw a recovery in the Māori rate, with significant efficiency gains: $6,743 million in the first half of the year, and relatively significant efficiency gains, with company sales/management costs in the first half of the year.
In May 2024, the company announced that it would invest $540 million in building smart manufacturing research and development centres on company-owned land (Boshin Zhangjiang Software Park) and that it would help companies build smart manufacturing research and development centres on the industrial Internet, large data centres, and so on.
Word industry, robotics, etc., are better able to attract high-end R&D personnel, taking advantage of the geographical advantages of Zhang Jiang. The company currently has more than 290 patents, more than 1,200 copyrights for software, artificial intelligence, industrial software, industrial Internet, autonomous and controlled industrial control, robotics, data.
The center, big data, cloud computing, process models, green low-carbons, etc. all have the relevant technological reserves. We believe that products such as industrial robots, idc, large plc, etc. in the high-technology areas of the future are expected to open up new growth space for companies in the coming years.
Ai+the digital economy drives the demand for numeracy, the company’s long-term profile in the area of idc: the recent ai thermal impact, and the numeracy sector’s concerns continue to rise. Companies are involved in the construction of national arithmetic hub nodes and data centres.
For the 20,000 8kw hangars; for the long-triangular digital technology centre, 20,000 hangars, Treasure Clouds, 10,500 hangars for the five-phase plan; and for the Bo Rainbow Mountain base, 7,000.
The plan is to provide approximately 6,000 installed capacity. We believe that in the coming years, with the need for demand-side computing, the growth of corporate idc operations is expected to increase significantly.