Autonomously, we can re-engineer the equipment with a heavy weight on it, and the two sectors have arranged for nearly 300 billion ultra-long-state debt pushers to be upgraded, or will draw on the invention of Boshin's country.
On 25 July 2024, the two departments issued “A number of new measures to strengthen support for large-scale equipment upgrading and the exchange of consumer goods for old” and proposed: (1) the pooling of over-several special national debt funds in the order of $300 billion; (2)
This is the third time since June 2024 that the country has put in place a policy to push for large-scale equipment upgrades and several intellectual upgrades, and to support more than expected. The equipment upgrades and intelligent manufacturing complement each other, and we think it is possible to significantly boost the demand for proprietary smart manufacturing. We maintain expectations for companies.
• In recent times, the State has emphasized science, technology and innovation in the United States of America, and policy support for autonomous development. In recent times, the State has repeatedly emphasized the promotion of science, technology and innovation in the United States of America: (a) on 19 July 2024, the Central People's Republic of China launched a press conference to explain the spirit of the 20th plenary session of the Party, which referred to the promotion of State-owned capital and State-owned enterprises.
State-owned enterprises need to build up their original technological sites; (b) According to the Federation of Finance Societies, on 19 July, the NPC Committee of the State Council convened an expanded meeting and a group of the Party Committee's theoretical learning centres, which emphasized the need to insist on doing what is best for large countries with capital and state-owned enterprises, which are constantly improving.
At the top of the country’s innovation system, it promotes the development of new types of productivity through the construction of new production relationships.
A major technology project to further the development of new and emerging strategic industries, with an important focus on the development of new and dynamic productivity.
The company updates the company's information software, which is a scarcely domestic large-scale plc. Large plc industrial software is critical in the field of industrial control.
Importantly, our large market share of plc has long been a foreign monopoly. With large plc, the company is now "Short national production in place of the country" and has developed into a large domestic plc&scada industrial control software, information software, a big model, robots, robots,
Winding - Corporate Information Updates - 2024.7.18 aidc, etc., are the cores of the national production Ideals, which we see as a substitute for long-term growth.
Innovative Demand Enhancement - Corporate Information Update Report