Treasure system (600845.sh) Autonomously Controlable plc product was launched, with multiple performances several times ahead, and Acid plc became fully self-controllable on 22nd of September 2024, with a wide range of applications, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
On September 20, 20, 20, 2024, the core components of the industrial control system, developed autonomously for more than 10 years, were reissued on the Shanghai Rise for a full-scale, autonomous, platc3 and t4 series of products, from operating systems to operating hours of software, to programming environments with full-scale autonomous control of the "runtime+" series.
The compiler is autonomous and has a high degree of reliability, stability and flexibility and can be widely applied in the area of industry automation. Skywalkide (Integration Development Environment) is the country's first cloud development platform for large-scale plc, independent of the operating system, easily deployed across the platform and open to rapid deployment.
The platform structure can be integrated into a third-party application. Skywalk dsf (digital industry site) allows the systems involved to operate in a decentralised environment, and real-time data between any nodes at the heart of Skywalk plc can be shared seamlessly, with real industrial field-wide connectivity and digital integration. We see companies as autonomous.
We maintain a forecast of the company’s net return profit forecast for 2024-2026, with high performance of Q.A. t3, t4, several times higher than that of the German mainstream plc, t3, medium-sized plc, with 4 nuclear cpu, 2ns by bit processing time, and top of the list.
Small cycle 1ms, etc.; Skyline t4 performance: large plc, with the advantages of “strong function, good performance, better and more stable than Mount Tarzan”, cpu arithmetic 4 is 4 times the main plc, 50.000 ams, 2 times the main plc, with the highest number of live lines.
Two-way pn and four-way ec are three times the size of the mainstream plc. Autonomously controlled scada products have been upgraded and successfully applied to a number of industries. In terms of autonomous controlled scada industrial software, the company began preliminary exploration of the icv product in 2004.
In 2019, the company introduced a new bs-structured product, Iiplat, and applied it to the Iron and Steel Wisdom of the City.
Visible, with a significant increase in the q2 Māori ring ratio -- successful applications such as share-sharing thermal zinc plating, Chongqing steel-made iron and steel cluster control, achieved a national product for foreign industrial and regulatory products, company update report 2024.8.28
Substitutes. Currently, the Treasure News software Iiplat-ba has been successfully applied in a number of industries such as steel, color, energy conservation, orbital transport, petrochemicals, Self-Research Scada Multisector, from semiconductors, water, medicine, bridge ridges, etc., and has issued over a thousand sets of authorizations.
Master control to accelerate the advance - company information update - Policy, customer, industry cross-checking, Treasure, National Ingenious Approach - company information update