There was a slight increase in losses throughout the year, and the value of the investment in the hub airport after the reopening of the country's doors, the transport and air terminal, the Shanghai airport, the 2021 report. The revenue from the year in 2021 was 3.73 billion, a 13.4 per cent decline.
The net profit from the repatriation was 17.1 billion, with a small increase in the loss. The international line remained low, the flow of passengers as a whole fell, and the harvest was under pressure.
Thirty-four thousand sorties were flown, an increase of 7.8 per cent in the same year, 32.21 million passenger throughput, an increase of 5.7 per cent in the same year, and 3,983,000 tons in post throughput, an increase of 8.3 per cent in the same year, resulting in a further decline in international passenger traffic, resulting in tax-exempt rental income of $486 million, a decrease of 670 million.
The breakdown shows a slight increase in the company ' s labour costs, a significant reduction in operating costs as a result of a lease schedule, a reduction in rental costs, and an increase in amortization costs as a result of depreciation costs in a lease schedule. The gross profit rate of the company for the year-round -63.0%, a decrease of 9.6 pct over the same period. At the cost end, the company ' s management costs are absolutely small.
The net profits of oil companies increased by 507 million, compared to the previous year, the net profits of service companies increased by 112 million and the net profits of advertising companies were reversed by $181 million, a slight decline in the same year, as a result of falling revenues, higher cost rates, higher financial costs resulting from interest on the lease schedule, higher net profits of oil companies among the company ' s major participating companies, higher net profits, higher net profits of $12 million, higher net profits of the company, lower net profits of the advertising company, lower net profits of $181 million, lower net profits of the same year.
Corporate investment returns of $777 million, an increase of $187 million over the same period. Overall, due to the downside of the international line, corporate investment proposals: current policy-level insistence on “momentary zeroing”, expected flow of international lines at Shanghai Pundong Airport, Shanghai Airport-60009 - Critical Events Rapid Evaluation: Acquisition Program Rules Disclosure, Rainbow 2
In the event of a change in policy, the number of passengers on the international line at Shanghai Airport is expected to increase rapidly.
Shanghai Airport - 600009-2021: Low losses, low losses, waiting for the country's doors, increased acquisition of the Rainbow Bridge airport and logistics company, given the delay in opening the country's doors, compared to the previous Shanghai Airport - 600009-2021 Quarterly Review: The country's doors have not yet been opened and the phase is under pressure
One hundred and twenty-one million dollars, with the introduction of a 2024 profit forecast, is expected to yield a net return of $4.23 billion to the mother in 2024. We maintain that the Shanghai Airport 600009-2020 Report Review: Landing Performance, Waiting for the Freeing of the National Gate continues to look forward to the hub airport’s concentration of high net passenger traffic monopoly status and the long-term development of the airport’s tax-free space.
Shanghai Airport revealed 2021. Business income fell by 13.4 per cent from the year to year in 2021, resulting in a net return of 17.1 billion net profits, with a small increase in losses.
Figure 1: Shanghai airport operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) at the international level, with a general drop in passenger flows and pressure. 34.5,000 flights took place in 2021 at Shanghai Pudong Airport, an increase of 7.8 per cent compared to the previous year, 32.2 million passengers accosted, an increase of 5.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and mail tolls.
3.983 million tons, or 8.3 per cent more than the previous year, due to the fact that the bulk of the increased passenger traffic was mainly domestic, international passenger traffic was further reduced, resulting in tax-free rental income of 486 million yuan, a decrease of 670 million dollars compared to the previous year.
Cost is generally stable and performance falls are largely in line with expectations. Corporate operating costs in 2021 were $6.08 billion, a 7.9 per cent decline in the same year, and, by way of breakdown, there was a slight increase in the company ' s labour costs, a significant decrease in operating costs as a result of rental schedules and lower rental costs, and an increase in amortization costs as a result of depreciation costs as a result of lease schedules.
9.6 pct. At the cost end, there was a small increase in the absolute amount of the company ' s management costs and an increase in the cost due to a decline in income, and a significant increase in the cost of finance due to interest generated by the lease schedule.
Investment proposals: At the current policy level, there is a “motivated zero” trend, and it is expected that the flow of international line passengers at Shanghai Pudong Airport will remain gradual. In the event of a change in policy, it is expected that the number of international line passengers at Shanghai Airport will return rapidly, pulling back.
Moving aviation and non-air revenue back to normal and re-inventive. Without taking into account tax-free contracts, we are looking at the high net value of hub airports in 2024, given the delayed opening of national doors, compared to the previous report, at $350 million.
(c) The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author