Shanghai Airport (60009): The acquisition of the Rainbow Bridge has helped.
Billions, up from -1.27 billion in the same period last year. The main cause of corporate losses is the recurrent epidemic that has led to one of the country’s ports, with the capital being the Shanghai Pudong Airport, where international routes cannot function properly.
There are assets such as terminal buildings and runways at Pudong Airport, operating management and ground security at Pudong International Airport, which recovered to over 80 per cent in 19 but the international line is severely restricted: domestic demand.
Based on the best experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, Pudong Airport has achieved 30.53 million domestic passenger throughputs throughout the year, returning to 81.1 per cent in 19 years, and has established a security management structure that is more consistent with its own safety features.
In the same period of 20 years, 2,561,000 people also increased. But on the international front (not including Hong Kong and Autain), the entire year's brigade included security policies, risk management, security guarantees, and passenger throughput of only 820,000, far less than 32.4 million in 19 years, and less than the same period in 20 years.
Security promotion, etc.. Companies have well-developed full-time innovations 4.1 million times (the first two months of 2020 did not implement the “Five Ones”). International lines are still limited to corporate mechanisms that regulate transparent internal management and work for the Chinese and foreign brigades.
The new tax-exempt agreement only contributes $468 million a year: the company signed a supplementary tax-exempt agreement with China.
Under the agreement, tax-exempt income is no longer tied to the airport’s tax-free sales, but is directly related to the company’s international passenger consumption. Thus, in the present case, companies can earn much less tax-free income than before the outbreak.
Ben. The number of people employed in the company remained almost equal, but the cost of labour increased from $1.968 billion to $2,174 billion in total equity/currenta shares (in millions). The significant increase in the company’s financial costs was mainly due to changes in accounting standards, with leased assets being used as right-of-occupancy assets
In the form of the table, the company’s right-of-occupancy assets were increased by $16.7 billion. The rent on the premises that the company was supposed to pay to the airport consortium was divided into interest on the rental of the premises and the rental liability.
Bridges, logistics companies, and Pudong runways. A rough estimate of the increase in profits over 1 billion in non-infested periods, and 500-60 million in profit gains due to the impact of the epidemic, has greatly accelerated the company’s transformation.
1.56 yuan. In the long term, the company’s position as China’s largest international passenger entry on the tax-free chain is not in doubt. But in the short term, due to the greater uncertainty of the epidemic, we are careful to maintain the company’s source of financial intelligence.
Shanghai Airport (60.009): The acquisition of the Rainbow Bridge has contributed to the loss, the re-opening of international routes and greater uncertainty.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Shanghai Airport, 600009: The acquisition of the Rainbow Bridge has contributed to the loss, and there is still a lot of uncertainty about the re-opening of the international route.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of experience in investing in research, who worked at the Open Securities Development Research Centre, analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.