Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research, Full Bank Affiliated Subdiaryofchimmerchantsbank
Bialdi Holdings-a (002594ch) is hidden and gaining momentum, driven by government policy and technological innovation, and we expect China's new energy car market to enter rapid growth.
Between 2020 and 2025, the average annual compound growth rate is expected to reach 43%. As the absolute leader of China’s new energy automobiles, Biadi was ranked first among the new energy vehicles in 2019, while at the same time it was a new energy provider, China’s automobile industry.
We believe that by virtue of its technological advantages and branding, Biadi will continue to perform well. Its supply chain is gradually opening up to help Biadi's prices in the power cells and the igbt field.
It's worth releasing, and companies are going through a process of revaluation. We believe that the re-evaluation process has not yet been completed. I, Xiaochuan Xiaochuan, the new energy automobile industry in China, will grow rapidly in 2021.
As an unquestionable leader in China’s new energy vehicle sector, Biadi launched its blade battery early this year, followed by its dm4.0 platform in the fourth quarter of 2020.
By 2021, the corresponding revenue from Biadi's automobile business would have increased by 47 to 83.3 billion yuan.
Blade batteries: Potential game changers. Biadi recently launched a blade battery, and simultaneously launched a first car with a blade battery, "Han." While ensuring safety, the blade battery raised the range, thus widening the application of traditional phosphate lithium batteries. Biadi is actively developing the first.
Second-generation blade batteries to continue to reduce costs and increase energy density. We believe that their power cell outlet will have bright potential from 2021. The external output of the power cell will increase overall revenue, and in the same time will significantly increase the overall valuation of Biadi. We expect that its power cell business will have a net profit.
Yadi holds 72.3% of Biadi semiconductor shares. We are optimistic about the potential of its igbt operations for import substitution in China’s new energy and vehicle supply chain. We expect that its igbt business sector net profits will be posted on the 2020 Asian money teller voting site.
The English version of the report was launched on 23 July 2020. If you wish to know more, please refer to the English version of the report.
China’s new energy automobile market was created against the backdrop of a transformation of China’s energy mix, while also aiming to achieve cross-border growth in China’s automobile industry. China’s new energy automobile market.
Initially, industrial development was promoted through substantial fiscal subsidies, but some of the changes in government policy have been reversed. Since 2020, we have come to believe that the market has matured, mainly for the following reasons: 1) China has formed the world’s largest new energy car consumption market; 2) the cost of manufacturing new energy cars continues to decline and is expected to decline.
In 2023, parity will be achieved with fuel cars; 3) government policy has shifted from a subsidy-driven to a non-monetary long-term development mechanism, laying a solid foundation for industry development; 4) high-end vehicles will gradually increase their share of new energy vehicles, bringing more competition and opportunities. According to the Chinese government’s ambitious target of “25% penetration of new energy vehicles by 2025,” we expect China’s new talent.
From 2020 to 2025, we will achieve a compound annual growth rate of 43.4 per cent. We believe that there is a huge space for new-energy cars and that future trends are overwhelming.
Three main considerations together constitute China’s development strategy for the new energy automobile industry. 1) From the point of view of the energy structure, China has the highest oil imports in the world, with 72 per cent external dependence, directly affecting China’s energy security. 2) The serious air pollution caused by conventional internal combustion vehicles has become a matter of urgent concern to a Chinese society.
Question 3: The development of new energy cars has created an opportunity for China’s automobile industry to develop beyond its boundaries, as well as to switch cars. Fiscal subsidies have helped China to become the world’s largest consumer market for new energy vehicles, and since 2015, China has ranked first globally in the production and marketing of new energy vehicles for the fourth consecutive year.
The government’s subsidies to new energy car manufacturers have helped to expand the demand for end-users by lowering the price of retail end-uses. In the early days of the development of new energy cars, we have observed that the government has been able to expand its demand through such industries as fiscal subsidies, acquisition tax credits, and road rights concessions.
Since 2019, subsidies have been declining, while the government has shifted its support from the production end to the user end. The government hopes that the new energy automobile industry will be able, without any support from the government, to develop its own competitiveness comparable to that of a fuel truck in order to achieve long-term healthy growth in the industry.
In 2016, the Ministry of Finance exposed a number of new-energy car companies to their fraud, which led the Central Administration to gradually reduce fiscal subsidies from 2017 onwards. The restructuring of the subsidy policy led to some bumps in the sale of new-energy cars over the past two years. Even so, China’s new-energy car sales reached 1,062 million vehicles in 2019, accounting for new global energy.
More than 50 per cent of vehicle sales from sources. Figure 1: Global new energy vehicle sales in 2018-2019. Figure 2: New energy vehicle sales by country in 2019: China ranked first
As China’s new energy car market itself develops, the government hopes to gradually reduce its direct intervention in the market. In July 2018, China officially eased access restrictions on foreign companies to set up a new energy car company in China.
By cutting subsidies and introducing competition, China’s home-grown new energy companies will be forced to accelerate reform and innovation. From 2021, non-monetary policy instruments such as “double points” will be advanced to promote competition in the industry and support the development of the new energy automobile industry.
But as markets expand and competition becomes more orderly, we believe that leading industry leaders will also benefit from changing patterns of competition. Cost reductions are the most critical factor in the new energy automobile industry.
The downside of subsidies has significantly increased the pressure to reduce the costs of the new energy automobile industry. The nature of the new energy automobile industry is to reduce production costs by technological advances and the scale effect of rising demand.
In other words, the cost of power batteries will have a direct impact on the cost of manufacturing the entire new energy plant. Therefore, the pace of price reduction for power batteries will directly determine the pace of the new energy automobiles.
The cost of raw materials is expected to continue to decrease; we believe that the unit cost of power batteries, based on high-tech lithium power, has fallen by about 20% annually over the past five years.
The tax-free system price for three-dollar lithium batteries (cell packs) is RMB 0.95-1.05/watt-hour, and the system price for phosphate lithium (electric tank packs) is RMB 0.85-0.95/watt-hour. We expect the non-tax-free system price for three-dollar lithium batteries to fall below RMB 0.90/Wh in 2020, while the non-tax-based system price for phosphate lithium will fall below RMB 0.8/Wh on a continuous basis.
Declined battery costs, we expect new energy vehicles to reach cost parity with conventional fuel trucks at the earliest in 2023. Figure 3: Average power cell prices declined rapidly in 2016-19. Figure 4: Average power cell load by vehicle type
Government policies have laid a solid foundation for the long-term development of the industry, starting with the development of China’s new energy vehicles, and the Chinese government has provided tremendous support.
In September 2001, the Ministry of Science and Technology of China established a special major project on electric cars in the context of the “XV” national “863” plan. But we see that China’s new energy vehicle is actually entering its development phase in 2012.
Looking ahead, we believe that recent government policies have laid a solid foundation for promoting sustainable growth in the new energy automobile industry. In the short term, the Ministry of Trade and Finance issued a policy on 23 April 2020 that extended the financial subsidy for new energy vehicles by three months to the end of 2022.
According to the Plan, China will set an ambitious target of 25% and 30% respectively of total vehicle sales for new energy vehicles/intelligent connections by 2025. The five ministries issued a new edition, "Average fuel consumption and new energy sources for passenger companies" on 23 June 2020.
A parallel approach to the management of car components (commonly known as the double-centre policy), which aims to promote the future healthy development of the new energy automobile industry, provides a clear and rigorous path to achieving the 25% sales penetration target.
We believe that 2020 will be the starting point for the upgrading of China’s new energy vehicles. Since 2017, the share of a00-grade new energy vehicles has declined.
The market share of class and class c in new energy vehicles also rose from 4% and 0% respectively in 2018 to 13% and 3% in 2019. New energy vehicles are breaking into high-end models, reflecting consumer acceptance of new energy vehicles and traditional fuel trucks.
In 2019, the Tesla Shanghai Super Plant was officially launched, and the model3 was officially launched. At the same time, we see that a large number of traditional car companies have also accelerated the pace of their electricization. For example, bba (Demleq series, BMW series and Odie-Tron series) has also accelerated its electricization strategy since 2020.
At the same time, we expect that by 2020 there will be more B- and C-grade new energy vehicles in the market, starting to compete with conventional fuel trucks. We believe that this upward trend in the pattern will increase competition between new energy vehicles and traditional fuel vehicles.
More opportunities will also be created, such as a substantial increase in the sales of new energy models and the parity resulting from an increase in the share of high-end vehicles, and we expect that by 2025 the sales of China ' s new energy vehicles will have reached 6.22 million; 2020 - short-term bumps: 15 per cent to 1.02 million new energy vehicles will be sold in 2020.
In 2020, we expect China ' s new energy vehicle sales to be 1.02 million vehicles, a 15 per cent decline in the same year. In 2019, China ' s new energy vehicle sales reached 1.24 million and 1.21 million vehicles, respectively, a 2.3 per cent and 4.0 per cent decline in the same year.
Since July 2019, the sale of new energy vehicles has continued to decline until the end of 2019, of which it was flat in 2019. But, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, production-end plant shutdowns have led to a similar decline in production in the first half of the year.
36.5 per cent. The negative income effects of the first quarter of economic stagnation, which resulted in the sale of only 393,000 new energy vehicles in the first half of 2020, a decline of 37.4 per cent compared with the previous year, considering that policy support measures will support the recovery of new energy vehicle sales, figure 11: monthly sales by vehicle in China
The medium-term sales will accelerate with a jump in 2021, and while the subsidy retreat in 2020 is much greater than previously anticipated, we believe that the three key factors of “lower manufacturing costs, longer battery life and ensuring safety” will remain key to the medium-term development of the entire new energy automobile industry.
These three factors will also prompt the entire car and spare parts manufacturer to pursue technological advances in the medium term and to try to meet the needs of its customers. As we predict in the figure below, the “double-component policy” will result in a significant increase in the production of new energy vehicles in 2021, thus making 2020 the ideal stage for investment in new energy cars.
Figure 13: New energy production projections: based on two-points, while the cost of manufacturing new energy cars will gradually decrease over the next three years, we believe that the retail price of new energy vehicles will remain higher than the same traditional fuel trucks without any subsidy.
In addition to financial subsidies, we consider other policy trends, such as: (1) a two-point policy; (2) technical scientific support (combined production and research projects); (3) power-filling end subsidies; and will provide additional support for the development of the new energy automobile industry.
As we have mentioned earlier, in terms of production costs, we expect new energy cars to achieve cost parity with conventional fuel cars between 2023 and 2025. In its study of trends in traditional and new energy cars in China in 2050, China Air Research reported that new energy vehicles are expected to reach combined costs (production costs, convenience costs, safety costs).
We believe that, with the rapid reduction in the difference in manufacturing costs and the decline in retail prices, the sales of new energy vehicles will increase dramatically over the next three to five years. When the cost parity is close to being achieved, the market share of new energy vehicles (as compared to conventional fuel cars) will expand more rapidly.
We expect that real demand, especially for a-to-C new energy vehicles (as opposed to a00/a0 level), will be released gradually from 2020. Thus, the average price of a new-energy car plant and parts (power cell/igbt module, etc.) will increase as the proportion of higher-level cars increases.
Taken together, we expect that, starting in 2023, the sales of new energy cars will accelerate, and will be accompanied by a 43% annual compound growth rate of 43%. We believe that the new-energy car plant and the associated new-energy car parts and components will all benefit from the high growth in the future.
Figure 14: International Energy Agency projections for global new energy vehicles Figure 15: China ' s new energy vehicle sales projections Figure 16: China ' s power cell load projections
Biadey is one of China's first mainframes to enter the new energy car industry. The company has been rich in technology for years, and has gained increasing brand recognition in markets and consumers. In terms of sales, Biadee is a new energy engine.
In terms of global sales, Biadi ranked second in the total volume of new energy cars in 2019; third in the volume of pure electric cars; and first in the volume of plugged-in hybrid cars. We believe that Jadi is well placed to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the huge growth potential of the new energy automobile market.
As an integrated conglomerate, Biadi is also in the lead in new energy cars, power cells, igbt, cloud tracks, and consumer electronics. From 2020 to 2021, we believe that Biadi has five striking bright spots. 1) The new dm4.0 platform and its equivalent will be released in the fourth quarter of 2020 to expand its new energy engine by mixing routes.
2) Launch of a new vehicle cycle in the second half of 2020, in particular its flagship "Han" to increase the volume of its new energy vehicles; 3) launch of a new "Knife Batteries", which is expected to change the overall competitive pattern of the power cell market in the future; 4) establishment of a Ferdysian company to leverage its technical advantages in new energy vehicle parts and components and to gradually drive to external customers
5) Introduction of strategic investors and expressed interest in selling their igbt module to external customers.
Assembly services, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, and other operations (including urban orbital traffic). In 2019, companies now generated RMB 127.7 billion in sales, of which 49.5 per cent were automobiles and spare parts operations, and mobile phone components and assembly services, his main business (including cloud track operations).
In 2019, the company ' s Māori account for RMB 20.8 billion, of which 66.5 per cent are in automobiles and spare parts, 24.0 per cent are in cellular assemblies and assembly services, and 9.4 per cent are in secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations (excluding auto power cells) and 0.1 per cent are in other major operations (including cloud-track operations).
Automobile business – the leader of the new energy car market – the Biadi car business includes both traditional fuel trucks and new energy cars. As a result of increased competition in the market, its traditional fuel combustion and the sale of fuel trucks showed a general downward trend between 2014 and 2019, with a declining market share.
New energy cars will also be our focus on our automobile business. As a result of the slowdown in China’s overall car market, companies sold 461.4 million cars in 2019, a 11.4% decline in total.
In the area of conventional fuel vehicles, the share was 52 per cent; in mpv 27 per cent; in the case of cars 21 per cent; and in the case of new energy vehicles, 22,950, or 7.4 per cent, lower by 2019, and in the case of Biadi ' s vehicle business, lower by RMB 63.3 billion in 2019, or 16.8 per cent.
Figure 21: Biadey's traditional fuel vehicle sales - New Energy Car Lights - 1 with a comprehensive new energy vehicle type and technology route - Biadi is one of China's first hosts to invest in new energy cars. With pre-emptive advantage, companies have accumulated wealth.
The company has developed a macro-strategic plan for a new energy vehicle, 7+4, a market-wide strategy. “7” represents seven conventional areas, namely, passenger cars, urban buses, taxis, logistics cars, and so on, while “4” represents four special applications, namely, the launch of a special batch of car products in storage, mines, airports, ports.
In 2019, Biadi’s new energy vehicles accounted for 96% of its new vehicle sales, while commercial cars accounted for 4%.
In 2019, Biadi ranked first in China’s new energy passenger vehicle market, with a market share of 21%. In addition, Biadi ranked fourth in China’s new energy passenger vehicle market, with a market share of 8%.
In the area of new energy vehicles, Biadi has two product lines, namely, the Dynasty series (including Qin, Tang, Song, Yuan, etc.) and the e series (including e1,e2,s2). The price range for the Dynasty series varies from RMB 70,000 to RMB 260,000. Byadi launched the e series in 2019, including e1/e2/s2, which will be dedicated.
In the area of new energy commercial vehicles, Biadi’s main products include new energy buses, new energy buses, new energy long-distance buses, new energy trucks.
Biadi has chosen a pure electric route in his commercial car. To date, Biadi has successfully sold its pure electric passenger vehicle in six continents and more than 50 countries/areas, reflecting its global branding.
Fig. 33: e5 (Vicca) New Energy Car Lights 2-Introduction of internationalized talent to boost product strength Biadi has hired a number of international talent to join his car research and development team. As a company that embraces internationalization, Biadec.
The following table summarizes international experts and their areas of responsibility. By attracting talent on a global scale, Biadi is able to take advantage of and improve the performance of its products and client recognition.
In 2019, the cost of research and development in companies was RMB 4,141 million and the cost of development as a percentage of income was 3.24%, the highest level since 2014. As a result of high R & D inputs, Biya has been investing continuously in state-of-the-art technology.
The annual patent number for Dee has increased from 130 in 2004 to 24,875 in 2019. At the same time, the company has accumulated technological advantages in various areas such as automobile manufacturing, power cells and the igbt chip.
Given the following three factors: 1) change of direction of policy support; 2) cost advantage; and 3) continuing limousine anxiety, we believe that, in the medium term, plugged-in hybrid cars will outperform a pure electric route throughout the new energy car market. The Minister of Science and Technology, Man-Steel, said in early 2020: “The development of an efficient electric hybrid power system is the way for our new energy vehicles.
And the new version of the double-centre policy, introduced in June, is more inclined to plug in hybrid cars than in the old version. Similarly, it is widely believed in the market that the plug-in model will be the first to achieve cost parity than the pure one. We also expect that the mileage anxiety will persist for a considerable period of time in the future.
Dee has a comparative advantage in the field of plug-in technology. In 2019, the global volume of new energy vehicles sold was 74.6%/mixed/hydrogen/0.4% respectively, while we expect the plug-in route to expand its overalls in the medium term. Figure 39: Global net electric vehicle sales ranked in 2019
Figure 40: Global mixed-car sales ranking in 2019, apart from the growth of the entire mixed market, Biadi has sophisticated double-moded dm technology to support its hybrid model. Biadi is expected to roll out its fourth-generation hybrid technology dm4.0 in the fourth quarter of 2020. dm4.0 will be dm-p and dm-i.
dm-p will focus on output power and will be deployed in the future in a high-performance vehicle type. Handm will be the first to ride the dm-p platform. The dm-i platform will focus mainly on energy consumption and economy, and will also be deployed in the future in an economic vehicle type. We believe that dm-i may help Biadi take the lead in achieving cost parity with traditional fuel trucks.
And D could succeed in achieving this goal, which would help companies (1) to enhance their brand visibility; and (2) to take advantage of the cost advantage to increase market share. We expect that the Biadi mixer will show strong performance in the future and benefit from the introduction of dm4.0 and new models, which will regain market share in 2021.
New Energy Car Light 5 - New Energy Operators, with a pre-emptive advantage, has a powerful moat in the fields of new energy taxis, new energy-sharing cars and new energy buses. For example, in 2019, about 60,000 new energy vehicles were sold to operators in Biadei, which accounted for some of their new energy sources.
It's usually thought that taxis will have a replacement cycle of six years, so if we mark 2015 as the starting point for the electricization of Chinese vehicles, we expect China's new energy taxis and new energy sharing cars to start the first replacement cycle at a rate of 10-15% per year in the short/medium term. Biadi is the first company to provide electric cars.
We believe that the introduction of blade batteries and brand-new drivers will mark the beginning of the new Biadi product cycle.
As a B+-Han (total motor power/total torque 163kw/330n.m, nedc continues 605 km with an axle range of 2920 mm) we expect that Han's monthly sales will reach between 3,000 and 4,000, much more than market expectations. As mentioned earlier, all hybrids will also complete the new dm4.0 technology after the fourth quarter of 2020.
We believe that a completely new product cycle will reverse the decline in Biadi’s sales in the first half of 2020. Biadi’s market share in the new energy automobile industry declined slightly from 19.7 per cent in 2018 to 19.0 per cent in 2019, which is mainly the result of the negative impact of the fall in subsidies on the new energy automobile sector as a whole.
We expect Biadi to regain its share in the industry as the new energy car market returns to normal. We are 19.1%. In the case of traditional fuel cars, we expect Biadi to lose a small share of its share as competition increases.
45: Biyadi monthly sales equal: new energy vehicles/traditional fuel vehicles Figure 46: Biyadi ' s share of new energy passenger vehicle sales: breakdown by technology route Figure 47: Biyadi ' s share of new energy commercial vehicle sales: breakdown by type
Figure 48: Biadi fuel vehicle sales by type: by type of vehicle, affected by multiple factors such as conversion/subsidization of emission standards, China sold only 1.21 million new energy vehicles in 2019, a decrease of 4.0 per cent. Biadi sales of 230,000 new energy vehicles in 2019, a decrease of 7.4 per cent in the same year.
As a result, we believe that China’s new energy automobile sales in 2020 will be under the same strain as in 2019. But we have already observed that the central government has extended the original subsidy scheme from the original 2020 to the end of 2022. In addition, several local provinces and cities have introduced local subsidy policies this year to promote the consumption of new energy vehicles.
In the second half of 2020, new-energy car sales will rebound strongly from the first half of the year, and China’s new-energy car sales will reach 1.02 million vehicles, a 15% decline in the same year. We believe that Biadi’s launch of a brand-new battery (blade cell) and a new model (Han) will support its overall sale.
In the meantime, Guangdong Province and Shenzhen City have introduced a new energy car subsidy policy, which will also support Biadi’s car sales. Although Biadi’s new energy source is in the first half of 2020 behind the overall new energy car market, we have a chart of its second half and its future.
We're still confident. We expect that Biadi's new car cycle and its cutting edge technology will help the company further raise its brand profile, thereby driving the sale of its new energy vehicles. For 2020, we expect the sales of Biadi's new energy vehicles to drop by 19% on the same basis.
18.63 million vehicles. We predict that, with the change in the commercial share and the increase in the high-end vehicle size, its new energy vehicle will return to 31.994 million/51.44 million and that, with the trend of high end-of-the-car model, the average selling price will continue to rise for the traditional fuel vehicle, which we believe will support the sales performance of the fuel vehicle. Specifically, we anticipate that it will be supported by Songpus' roll-out.
The sale of conventional fuel trucks will reach 209,000 in 2020, a 10% drop in the same year. We expect that the average price of fuel trucks will increase by 5.0% in 2020 as the share of high-end products rises, a small increase to RMB 105,000.
Through constant research and development inputs, companies have accumulated excellent technological advantages on core parts of the power cell, the igbt, and other new energy automobile production chains. In addition, Biadi has accumulated technology on both pure electric and hybrid technology routes. We believe that the subsidy slopes that are currently taking place will lead to the integration of the new energy automobile industry.
We believe that Biadi not only has enough market demand to survive this winter, but that, with the consolidation of the industry, Biadi has the technical power and capacity to become the owner of other new-energy automobile mainframes and to reorganize the internal supply chain.
The company initially introduced vertically integrated models in its new energy vehicle supply chain, which enabled the company to build up technology in all aspects of the chain.
From 2017 onwards, Biadi gradually opened its supply chain to the outside world. After opening up, Biadi moved from a supply-side perspective to an external supplier (from an internal exclusive supply to an “external supplier” as the supply chain opened).
The purchase of spare parts contributes to the quality of some spare parts and reduces the cost of purchasing them and managing them. From the perspective of the need for a downstream third-party client, the company can use its advantages in the monetization of some spare parts (power batteries, igbt, etc.), the “Fudisis”
Byadi announced the formation of five subsidiaries on March 16, 2020, collectively known as the “Freddy System” (Freddy Battery, Freddy Visual, Freddy Technologies, Ferdy Dynamics, Ferdy Modules). Different industries cover power cells, semiconductors, chassis, and other areas. This marks a new phase in Biadi’s supply chain reform.
We believe that Biadi’s valuation will depend to a large extent on its open supply chain strategy for the new energy auto parts business. In the discussion below, we will focus on two key components, namely, power cell operations and semiconductor (igbt) industries.
The future performance of the “Freddy system” will, in our view, be a key factor in Biadi’s and its valuation. Biadi’s power cell used to be used only for internal supply. But Biadi has indicated plans for external sales because (1) the demand for power cell markets is strong and has great growth potential; and (2) the company has a leading role in battery costs.
By the end of the certification of the product, we expect to start the delivery out of the Yadi power cell in 2021 and to achieve a higher volume of delivery in 2022. We expect to see the external output of the battery in 2021 and 2022 in 2020.
We expect Biadi’s external sales to reach 72.0 gwh in 2025, with a corresponding income of 46.1 billion yuan. The chain of power batteries can be divided into three parts: upstream raw materials, medium production, and downstream applications.
Hardware can be divided into two parts: hardware and software (the battery management system). Hardware consists of various levels of production, namely, the core, the module and the final battery package (the system). The core can also be further decomposed into positive electrodes, negative electrodes, electrolytes, and diaphragms. These parts are derived from the same raw materials and form the upper edge of the entire power cell chain.
The upper limit of power cells is dominated by mineral resources such as cobalt, manganese, nickel and lithium. Cobalt, manganese, nickel, lithium and other raw materials are used as positive material. Ores can also be used for negative and electrolytic substances. The graphite is used mainly for negative poles. The middle and middle travel includes the manufacture of positive, negative, electrolytic and diaphragms, and the production of core-group-packs.
Power cell types The power cells are divided into two main categories: lithium phosphate (lfepo4) batteries and lithium tri-dollar batteries (including cobalt-manganese nickel, cobalt-ncm, cobalt-aluminium nickel, etc.). Other types such as lithium manganese batteries, lithium titanium-acid batteries, super-containers, solid-state batteries are proportionally proportional to the ratio of lithium manganese batteries, titanium-acid batteries, etc.
Smaller. In the long run, solid-state batteries may change the current power cell pattern, but we believe that solid-state battery technology is not yet mature and is expected to be fully commercialized around 2030. So here we are still focusing on lithium phosphate and lithium tri-dollar batteries.
Usually, lithium phosphate batteries are safe and low-cost, while three-dollar batteries have longer miles to continue because of their higher energy density. Due to different application scenarios, approximately 93% of pure electric buses are equipped with lithium phosphate, while about 74% of pure electric vehicles carry lithium batteries.
According to data from high-tech lithium, the total number of new energy vehicles loaded with power cells in China in 2019 was 1.18 million, a decline of 4 per cent from the previous year. Of these, 916,000 were equipped with three-dollar lithium batteries, which accounted for 78 per cent of the total number of new energy vehicles and 169,000 with phosphate lithium batteries, which accounted for 14 per cent of the total number of new energy vehicles.
According to data from high-manufacturing lithium, in 2019, the total installed capacity of power cells was 62.3gwhh, an increase of 9% from the same year. Of this total, the installed capacity of the three-dollar lithium batteries was 38.4gwh, or 61% of the total installed capacity; and the installed capacity of the phosphate lithium was 20.0gwhh, or 32% of the total installed capacity.
In the early days of the development of new energy vehicles, the Chinese government promoted the domestic power cell industry through the White List of Power Batteries.
In June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially abolished the White List, marking the beginning of a new phase of competition in the power cell industry. Thus, domestic power cell producers will face fierce competition from the lig chemistry and tristars.
With the year 2019 as a benchmark, we can simply divide the global power cell manufacturing industry into three ladders. The first echelons include the Ninder era, pine, Biade, lig chemistry, three stars sdi. The second echelons are made of energy technology, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium energy, power cells, and national lyceum highs. The third echelons are for other small power cell manufacturing companies. We calculate power at the end of 2019.
The battery industry has reached 57%,cr 5 is 68%,cr 10 is 81%. From 2015, the number of power cell businesses has been declining, reflecting increased competition in the market. We expect that, under the pressure of reduced costs, the market share will be concentrated in the Quality Head Enterprise, and the industry will be further integrated.
At the same time, the industry still disagrees on the choice of the power cell technology route. In the three-dollar lithium battery technology route, determining the direction of development is highly nickelized, which solves the problem of continued voyages.
At that time, high nickel minimizes supply chain risks because of the scarcity and monopoly of cobalt resources. Currently, the energy density of 811 monolithics can reach 280wh/kg. At prices, the value of 811 trio precursors is still 29% higher than that of 523 trio precursors, based on data from Shanghai ' s non-ferrous metal network.
Biadi will change the rules of the game of power cells - blade batteries, but, compared to three-dollar lithium batteries, Biadi has chosen to focus on the development of lithium phosphate batteries. Biadi has continuously optimized the physical structure of the lithium phosphate batteries to improve their mileage by increasing the energy density of the system.
In 2019, Biadi chose to deploy three-dollar lithium batteries in all passenger vehicles, while phosphate lithium batteries were used in all commercial vehicles. But with Biadi ' s release of its blade battery on March 29, 2020, the future load will change.
Quantum density overcomes the disadvantage of a short range. Knife cells retain the traditional high safety and long-lived advantage of a lithium phosphate battery compared to a three-dollar lithium battery. In a battery puncture test, a three-dollar lithium battery can only be safe at the battery bag level, and a blade battery can lift it up to the core. At the same time, a blade battery can make a new car.
The needc continues to fly more than 600 km to solve the problem of traditional lithium phosphate batteries. Biadi will first carry a blade battery on Hanev, which will be launched in the third quarter of 2020, and will continue to use vehicles like Qinpro, Qinev, Songplus, etc.
In terms of cost, the price of blade batteries at the battery-pack level is 20 to 30% lower than that of the mainstream $811 lithium battery. Moreover, we believe that, because reputational risks are greater than the new power of car-making, luxury brand companies will pay more attention to safety.
We believe that, along with Biade's second-generation blade battery development, its energy density/volume density will be further advanced, and we believe that the release of Biadi's blade battery will change the competitive pattern of the power cell. The blade battery has significantly increased its range, while maintaining the safety of the phosphate lithium battery. It has therefore broadened the application of the phosphate lithium battery to a full capacity.
At the same time, because of the characteristics of the three-dollar lithium battery, it is more likely to lose control of the heat during needle-trigger experiments than the blade cells. We expect to focus on “safety” features in the marketing of blade batteries in order to gain a greater share of the market in this segment. Given the diversity of the needs of car users, we believe in blade power.
In other words, the three-dollar lithium battery will come face to face with intense competition from the Biadi blade battery. The total size of China’s power cell market.
According to the data from high-tech lithium, China ' s total installed battery capacity in 2019 was 62.8gwh. The Ninder era was a major player in the power, battery industry, with a market share of 51.8%. Biadi was ranked second, with a market share of 17.3%, due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, and we predict that China ' s total installed battery capacity in 2020 will be 55.6gwh, compared to the same year.
However, based on our projections for China’s new energy automobile industry in 2025, we believe that, with the return of its high-growth trajectory to the sale of new energy vehicles, power cell loads will rebound to the high-growth path in 2021. By virtue of their business history, Biadi has accumulated technological advantages and production capacity in the power cell sector.
According to data, in 2019, the number of new energy vehicles installed in Biadi was 1 976,000, with a market share of 16.8 per cent; the installed capacity was 10.78gwh, with a market share of 17.3 per cent.
In 2020, because of its ability to remain on the slope, we expect to give priority to the internal supply of the Yadi blade battery. If we load it on a single-car basis, we're going to put it on an average.
In terms of total installed power, Biadi ranked second among China's power cell suppliers in 2019. In terms of technology, Biadi is in the lead in terms of battery density and safety. In terms of capacity, Biadi is idle.
As predicted above, given current production capacity, we believe that the Biadi power cell will continue to be installed primarily in-house in 2020. With the significant increase in the volume of new energy vehicles and energy releases in China, we expect that the external output of the Biadi power cell will increase dramatically from 2021 to 2022. We expect the Biadi battery to grow in 2020 to 2021 to 2022.
In addition, the company has made extensive layouts in the upstream supply chain of lithium mines, positive poles, diaphragms, electrolytes, and power cells, such as electrolytes, that effectively control costs and supply chain stability. We believe that, as power cells are phased out, the economies at the end of their production will be realized and will eventually reduce unit production costs.
We expect its power cell segment to be listed independently in a share in 2022, and will greatly improve its valuation. 2.igbt module -- import substitution -- is similar to the power cell, and Biadi ' s igbt module was previously used only for internal supply. Biadi semiconductor was introduced this year.
Strategic investors and expressed interest in selling their gbt module externally. gbt Industry Overview of the gbt (insulatedgatebipollartransistor bipolar transistor) is bjt (bipolar transistor)
The power cells are usually stored in the form of straight currents and are converted to power exchange to drive the power of a new energy vehicle (principal fractions).
igbt directly controls the direct current/communication power conversion of the drive system and determines the maximum torque/maximum output power of the whole vehicle. In addition to the power-driven system, the igbt is used for high-pressure chargers, air conditioning systems, and other electrical components in new energy vehicles.
The igbt chip is one of the key components of the power-driven component of the new energy vehicle. Due to the complexity of the design, the manufacturing process requires high and high investment characteristics, and the igbt industry has high entry barriers. For new energy cars, the igbt module accounts for about 5-10% of the total cost of the power motor drive system.
In addition to this, it also determines the energy efficiency of the entire vehicle. Currently, about 90% of the igbt devices used in China depend on imports, the vast majority of which are from British flyers, Mitsubishi, Fuji, Ansenmi Semiconductor, abb, and others, figure 86:igbt applications in China.
Biadi's technological and cost advantages. In 2005, Biadi set up his own igbt research and development team and began investing in the igbt industry. To date, Biadi's only car company with an entire chain of igbt, which also covers the design and manufacture of the igbt chip, igbt
Module design and manufacturing, quality control platforms, and new energy vehicle applications. In December 2018, Biadi launched the igbt 4.0 technology. According to the company ' s self-proclaimed, the combined wear and tear of its product is more cost-effective than the mainstream product. The downstream application landscape also covers ao-b+ vehicles at all levels, while other major players (e.g., Steam Half Guide)
By the end of 2018, the Bialdiigbt module had an annual production capacity of 600,000 units, while by now Biadi had achieved an annual production capacity of 1.2 million units. On 14 April 2020, Bialdi announced that it had completed full-fledged equity transfers and business transfers between its subsidiaries.
Biadi states that it is intended to introduce other strategic investors through a build-up of equity and actively seek to be listed independently at the appropriate time. After the introduction of the completion strategy investors, the Biadi semiconductor will continue to be a subsidiary of Biadi’s holdings.
Biadi is continuing to invest in research and development and actively deploys the next generation of semiconductor materials carbonated silicone. The company has announced its successful development of carbonated silicon gold oxygen semi-field transistors sicofet, which is expected to continue to increase the performance of the entire vehicle by about 10%.
In 2018, China was the world’s largest market, with a market size of $2.1 billion, or about 40% of the global market. According to high-tech lithium electricity, China’s market rules for igbt by 2020 were based on strong demand for new energy vehicles and chargers.
By 2024, China’s igbt industry will produce 78.2 million units, while demand will reach 196 million units. Just considering the igbt market, we estimate that China’s igbt market will reach 2.8 billion yuan in 2020.
In 2019, Biadi was set up in China with approximately 194 thousand sets of RMB, with a market share of 18%, and ranked second (after English flyers). Given its cost advantages, we believe that Biadi will achieve import substitution in the area of the gbt module. We expect the gbt model to be a gbt model.
The group's external sales will start in 2021 and 2022. We predict that Biadi's external shipments in 2021 and 2022 will reach 133,000/274,000 units, respectively. As the higher-level model increases in the share of new energy vehicles, we expect that the overall average sale price of the igbt module will increase. We expect that Biadiigbt plates in 2021 and 2022.
We expect that the demand for the gbt module that will be generated by the growth of the new energy car will increase as a result of the new cost parity that will be achieved around 2023. So we think Biadi will expand its gbt production capacity to meet the growing demand downstream. We expect Biadi to sell 995,000 gbt modules out by 2025.
The Biadi semiconductor is expected to be listed independently on the Science and Innovation Board in 2021, which will significantly enhance the valuation of its operations.
Biadi operates its consumer electronics business through its subsidiary, Biadee Electronics (285hk). As one of the most comprehensive mobile phone parts and assembly service providers worldwide, Biadi provides a one-stop business model for domestic and international mobile phone manufacturers, including metering, parts and components and assembly services.
In recent years, Biadey's electronic income has been growing steadily. By 2019, Biadi achieved RMB 53.4 billion in revenue, an increase of 26.4 per cent compared to the previous year, but its net profits have fallen as a result of the slowdown and intense competition in the smartphone market.
RMB 1.65 billion, a decrease of 28.0 per cent over the same period, is covered by the Technology and Internet Team of the Ministry of International Studies of the United States of America (Wolf Healexng), which is responsible for covering Biadi electronics (285hk).
Figure 93: Aluminium alloys of the series, due to differences in accounting treatment in the Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, the reported revenue of Biadi (285hk) is slightly different from that of the sector of Biadi (1211hk). As a result, we have adopted the Silver International Science and Technology and the Internet team.
Growth forecasts are our core forecast to maintain consistency in international forecasts of silver. So, we think that mobile phones cover the entire supply chain, from mineral resources to final battery packages, in secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics.
Biadi is currently using nickel hydrogen batteries, cobalt-acid lithium batteries, phosphate lithium batteries, triple batteries, which are widely used in electronics, new energy vehicles, storage energy, and other areas in the area of secondary charge batteries. Through its rechargeable products, Biadi expands its operations to downstream industries.
Decisions, such as solar power stations, storage power stations, electric forklifts, etc., provide a whole-of-sector renewable energy solution, from electricity generation to energy storage/energy consumption. In the course of the year, we expect the market for this segment to grow steadily.
Figure 94: Type of project modularizedandcustomizeddesign, inbultintelligentmalcontrolsystemtoensurethebattery, according to data from the China-Kill Village Storage Industry Technical Union, 1) in 2020, in a pessimistic situation, total electrical and chemical storage energy in China
With optimism, the total installed capacity of China ' s electrochemical storage capacity will reach 3,092 megawatts in 2020, an increase of 80.9% compared to the previous year, taking into account the continuing decline in battery prices and the need for the construction of the 5g-based plant, and our absolute optimism about the future development of the electrochemical storage capacity. For Biadi, we expect its second.
In October 2016, Biadi released its first prototype of a cloud track.
By 2019, many cities in the country, such as Sinakawa, Jinning, and Ports, had shown interest in cloud tracks, while many cities abroad had shown interest in them. For example, El Salvador (Brazil) signed a construction contract with Biadi.
In 2020, we noted that two projects, Shenzhen and Chongqing, were making significant progress. We were confident that their cloud track operations could be better than the market expected. As cloud track revenues gradually materialize, we expect the market to also value its cloud track business, and we only use cloud track/winbar as other business here. Given the more positive policy environment, we believe that cloud track operations are promising.
Moreover, because of the negative impact of the new crown epidemic, we believe that fiscal policy will play a more critical role in countercyclical regulation. We believe that local governments may expand investment in urban rail transport.
By 2019, revenues from cars and related products, cellular components and assembly services were reduced by RMB 16.8 to RMB 63.3 billion in the same year, while revenues from spare parts and assembly services increased by RMB 26.4 to RMB 53.4 billion in the same year.
Business income increased by 17.4 per cent to RMB 10.5 billion over the same period, while other business income fell by RMB 79.5 per cent to RMB 587 million over the same period.
However, given that the new energy automobile industry will increase in the second half of the year; and 2) local government subsidy support (e.g. Shenzhen City), we still believe that Biadi will still have a rate of Māori for new energy cars in 2020 that is slightly higher than 2019. With regard to clothing and assembly services (Biyadi Electronics, 285hk), we refer to the hair of silver international technology and Internet teams.
Battery and photovoltaic power will maintain its growth momentum, with a Māori ratio of 19.0% in 2020. We expect the gross amount of cloud-track operations to be under pressure in the future, although the Māori ratio of car operations/cell assemblies and assembly services will be under downward pressure, we believe that the super-bureaution complete-disappeared awhollyed subdiaryofchinamerchants
Figure 104: Māori ratio forecast for Biadi Division Figure 105: Māori/Māori ratio forecast for Biadi because the fragmentation of its business sector will increase the overall operational efficiency of Biadi, and we expect its cost rate to decline in the future.
Together, we predict that the net profit from Biadi will reach $2 billion in 2020 and 2021 and 2022, respectively. We value Biadi using the segment valuation plus (sotp) method. We figure out that the company as a whole valued $359.9 billion in 2021, mainly 37 per cent of automobile and related product sales and 45 per cent of the new power cell infrastructure.
For short- and medium-term equity outlooks, we believe that Biadi’s valuation will be more sensitive to the following factors, including: (1) monthly sales data for new vehicles and models; (2) external sales of power cells and igbt products in 2021/2022; and
Biadi is experiencing a revalued valuation that reflects a policy sensitivity. Since July 2017, we have observed stock prices.
The company’s market rate rose from one-fold to one-fold, mainly by one-fold, and the government issued a two-point policy for comments, establishing a long-term development mechanism for the electric car industry; and (ii) Biadi released the new model of the same year’s flagship Song series. We believe that the market has long-term high growth potential for new energy vehicles.
Since June 2020, we believe that the company is going through a new process of revaluation, the main driver of which is 1) the Chinese government has updated its two-point policy and plans to start in 2021; 2) the acquisition of new energy vehicles.
Subsidy continued until the end of 2022; 3) Biadi published the new flag ship model and blade battery for the Han series; and, most importantly, 4) the company implemented an open supply chain strategy, releasing the value of power cells and the igbt business. Although stock prices have rebounded significantly since March 2020, we believe that this new value revaluation round has not yet been completed, and that ours are still in the process of being revalued.
The valuation model supports our view. Figure 110: Biadi-h shares 5 years ago show companies from 111: Biadi-h shares 5 years ago
In the third quarter of 2017, a significant revaluation of value began to take place, based on the company’s diverse business patterns, and we measured Biadi’s value using the divisional valuation plus method. We divided the company’s business into two distinct groups of units.
(b) Implicit business module: including open and emerging automobile supply chains including 1) power cell operations, 2) the igbt industry
$133 billion from the sale of fuel and electric cars, $12.3 billion from secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations, and $24.7 billion from cellular components and assembly services (Byadi Electronic 285hk).
We believe that Biadi's market value will be highly relevant to the hidden business unit, especially the power cell business sector. We estimate the hidden business unit as a whole in 2021 at RMB 189.9 billion, corresponding to RMB 69.6 per RMB, the main factor.
Since Biadi’s power cell supply chain has just been developed for external customers, there is currently no clear profit data available for short-term valuations.
The net profit level of the power battery producer Ningde (300,750ch, unrated) is a long-term projection of the company’s power cell for business. By 2025, we predict that Biadi’s power cell will receive a market share of 34% of the Chinese loading market, supply 72gwh battery products to the outside world, and realize revenues and net profits of 46 billion to 75 billion yuan yuan RMB, respectively.
We're predicting that the higher rate of external output will continue, and our model projections imply that only 9% of new energy will be sold to cars in 2025. We're using a 30-fold city rate for power batteries in 2025, and we're giving 8.5% of the wacc equivalent back to 2021, which is valued at RMB 162.8 billion in 2021.
From 2019 to 2022, the average annual profit rate was 22.6%, and we believe that the value of the Biadi battery business can be supported. Biadi plans to market the power cell business in 2022, when we believe the company's power cell value is igbt.
Similar to the power cell business, Biadi’s igbt operation does not currently have clear external sales data to support recent valuations. Based on a number of key assumptions, including growth in capacity, capacity utilization, sales average prices as the new-energy vehicle model upgrades, and net profit expectations, we perform long-term external sales and profit calculations for igbt operations.
Kosda Half Guide (603290ch, not rated), the business is concentrated in the integration and production of the gbt module and has just entered the new energy vehicle gbt market. By 2025, we projected that Biadi would have a 33.3 per cent share of the Chinese market carrying the gbt, with an annual external installation of 1.07 million units, with an estimated income/profit of RMB 2.93 billion/RMB 880 billion, respectively.
214 times, and 27.4 per cent per share profit increase in 2019-22, Bisda semiconduct, which we believe has multiple advantages and 1) Biadi's igbt module currently covers vehicles of a0 to b+ (and Star's current product sells only ao); 2) Biadi now has a rich track record in the area of car use of the igbt and has adopted
By way of reference, Biadi issued an announcement on 15 June 2020 that Biadi semiconductor operations had completed a + round of financing and introduced 30 strategic investors, with an estimated value of RMB 10.2 billion.
The Division plans to complete semiconductor operations on the market in the second half of 2021. For these reasons, we believe that the valuation of Biadi igbt operations is reasonable and that the potential split ipo will further release the value of the business sector, with 72.3 per cent of Biadi semiconductor operations.
In June 2018, the State Council issued an Opinion on Further Strengthening the Management of Urban Orbital Transport Planning and Construction (State Agency No. [2018] 52) (No. 52), tightening the application and building authority for urban orbital operations. However, recent policy updates show that the Chinese Government has relaxed its policies in the field of orbital transport.
New infrastructure projects, including 5g networks, ultra-high voltage transmission projects, inter-city public transport, vehicle recharge stations, large data centres, industrial networks, and projects with physical networking characteristics, are considered examples of new infrastructure. Urban orbital transport is the only sub-area included in new and traditional infrastructure.
In China, the average market sales rate for cars is 1.35 times higher, while in Biadi we give 1.5 times the market sales rate to reflect the cumulative orders of the Biadi Clouds operation, which are now expected to be realized.
We have measured cloud-track operations worth 11 billion yuan in 2021. Despite the explicit and implicit valuation of Biadi that we have considered, we believe that Biadi still has some other potential value that could be released in the future.
1. Conservative market estimates. For the time being, only China’s domestic market is being considered in the context of the sale of new energy vehicles, power cells and igbt. If Biadi begins to expand its overseas market sales, we believe that the valuation still has the potential to rise. Other hidden business sectors. In addition to the business divisions we discussed earlier, we believe that Biadi has a lot of money.
Competition patterns in the new energy automobile industry are currently changing. New entrants (such as cars, Wilma, pelicans, etc.) and overseas brands (Texla, bba, etc.) are gradually entering the market.
Competition is bound to become more intense. To get a bigger share in a highly competitive market, Biadi will need not only to harness the many technological advantages we discussed earlier, but also to build its own market strategy and product ecology to expand production.
As we have previously stated, we believe that Biadi's valuation reflects, to a large extent, the progress of its power cells and the igbt components in the outlet. We expect Biadi to supply new energy car parts and components to the outside world from 2021. However, as a result of public health events, the pace of supply of new energy parts and components to Biadi will be either slower than the pace of business promotion and product certification.
Expectations. While we are optimistic about the company's long-term spare parts, recent shipments have been blocked or will affect short-term market routes unexpectedly. Biadi is currently placing the main electric car technology focus on pure power and plug-in. The company is also active on phosphate lithium.
Lithium cell technology is a major input. If a breakthrough in electric vehicle technology using the fuel cell route becomes market mainstream, the technological advantages currently accumulated by the company will be subverted and will adversely affect the company’s product sales and profitability performance.
Moreover, our short-term new energy vehicle sales projections are based on the Chinese government’s policy of double-centre implementation in 2021, while the long-term sales outlook is based on the Chinese government’s goal of long-term penetration rates for new energy vehicles. If the government accelerates the fall in subsidies or adjusts its target prospects for penetration rates for long-term new energy vehicles, we believe that companies will be targeted.
Biyadi was founded in 1995. When it was founded, the company’s main business was cellular battery chargers. In 2003, Biyadi acquired Xincheon Motors Ltd. and officially entered the area of car manufacturing and sales.
Launched in 2005, the first electric car f3e was successfully developed in 2006. In 2008, the company obtained an equity investment in brkus, owned by Warren Buffett. In 2016, the company released a cloud track operation.
The company now has several branches of business. The Ministry of Enterprise 1-9 is responsible for consumer electronics; the Ministry of Enterprise 11-19 is responsible for automobiles; and the Department of Enterprise 21-23 is responsible for urban transport.