The winter has passed and the long line rises at the right time: we reiterate what was stated in the depth report of April this year, insisting that companies, as leaders of new domestic energy vehicles, have high-quality assets such as power cells, semiconductors, etc., and are expected to have them.
Globally competitive, world-class car companies. At the same time, affiliates, Biadey Electronics, while increasing the penetration rate of large customers, are expanding downstream, rapidly growing into sophisticated vertically integrated structures and assembly poles. In the light of recent changes in corporate business, we have developed relevant synthesizing and summing up.
Opening up long-term growth space for the company ' s downstream business, with the following observations: Automobile business: winter has passed, turning point up when it is right 1) increases the supply of blade batteries and guarantees strong demand
In the previous period, because of the purchase orders super company's forecast, the supply of blade batteries was inadequate, with “Han” delivering only 1,200 units in July. At present, the company has accelerated the production capacity uphill, adding a new production line every half month, based on the three lines of Chongqing base, which will be fully operational by the end of this year, with an expected capacity of 13 gwh to the left.
At the same time, Changsha and Guiyang production bases have achieved full production at 21q1, 1q2, and are expected to produce blades with a total capacity of approximately 25gwhh, which will basically guarantee the company’s immediate demand. In the future, company power 2.
In the second half of the year, the company's new model will be published, with new models such as “Han”, “Songplus” and modified models such as “Dang”, “e2” and “e3”. In addition, the dollar has been placed on the bulletin catalogue and is expected to be marketed in 20q4.
The intensive listing of new models will contribute significantly to the upwards in the volume of new energy vehicles sold by the company. (3) Increasing the soft power of the company, with multiple security, economy, performance and long-term competitiveness of the company: 1) Enhancing marketing capacity and branding influence based on the company
Planning is to increase the number to over 200 commercial supermarkets in November of this year, increasing the visibility. Also, displaying in the shop the best cars of the public like "Han" and "Dang" to enhance brand power. 2) Sitting secure, 21q1 pure electric power is switched to blade batteries, and next year's launch of the blade battery phev will completely replace the current three-dollar power.
Ikephev. 3) Economic improvement and performance performance: 21q1 rolls out dmi supermix technology, with a fuel consumption of 3.9l; the high power power of the cloud 1.5ti always reaches the world ' s top power level and has super-high Byadi electron: more flowers downstream, opening up long-term growth space
1) The advantages of vertical integration of structural elements and assembly are evident, with deeper cooperation among large clients, greater electronic depth in Biadi and apple cooperation, building on the trust built over the past few years in the cooperation of spare parts.
In 2019, the company entered the assembly supply chain of the Core Product Sheet, which is expected to be released in 20q4, at more than $10 billion. At the same time, in 2021, the company will infiltrate the new smart watch on the basis of the assembly.
We expect to collect apples in 2021 and 2022 to reach $50,75 billion. Andre clients, companies and other customers, such as Mi, continue to work together.
And so on. Benefiting from the continued cooperation and deepening of large clients, it can effectively influence the downside of the UFO business.
In new smart hardware, companies are deeply involved in the development of industries such as drones, and they have the advantage of doing so. In the area of electronic smoke, companies are expected to import into a well-known United States electronic tobacco company, which will take on parts and assembly, and will be able to grow up in the future. In the area of medical health, after the effects of the 20h1 outbreak, the company relies on it.
In the short term, the mask continues to have a strong demand as a necessary anti-epidemic requirement, and in the longer term, the company will open up long-term growth space through self-research and acquisition.
In the first half of the year, the company experienced a slight decline in its overall operations. By branch, the plates have remained structurally positive: (a) automobile operations, with the company's fuel truck “Sonpro” continuing to be hot, single-month sales were maintained, fueled cars were sold at a rate equal to 17 per cent in the overall automobile industry of 20h1.
The same growth is positive. 2) Cellular pen parts and assembly operations, with 20h1 building up and up the glass before and after various projects, multiplying crop yields. At the same time, the home economy, electronic smoke, etc., are also driving new smart products. Looking forward to the second half of the year, companies will be able to provide stability and performance growth from a variety of layouts.
In the short term, the rapid expansion of the production capacity of blade batteries to secure supply; the centralized roll-out of new models to sustain the dynamism of the product; and in the long term, the upgrading of the firm ' s soft and hard power from the point of view of business supermarkets, product performance and safety.
(b) Actively opening up new areas of growth, such as drones, electronic smoke and medical health, and opening up long-term growth space.2 Automobile operations: winter has passed, turning points are right up at 2.1. Blade batteries are rapidly expanding to protect the safety of sales
Blade battery demand is strong, and we expect one gwh per month at the end of the year. It's limited to blade battery capacity, climbing up the slopes, and in July, "Han" sold about 1,200. According to company plans, this year's Blade battery-backed car kit includes the already marketed "Han"v, the modified "Don"ev, and it is expected that it will be accompanied by the forthcoming "Songprus"
We expect the demand for blade batteries to rise gradually in the second half of the year, reaching a maximum of about 1 gwh per month. Blade batteries are expected to be in a tight balance of supply by November of this year.
Production at Chongqing Hill base. By the end of August, the power cell line had reached three lines. According to company regulations, it will be expanded in the future at half-month intervals. By the end of this year, eight production lines will be fully operational, with an expected capacity of about 13 gwh. By October this year, according to our projections, blades will have been electrocuted.
With the rapid release of base capacity in Chongqing, the power cell supply pressure has gradually expanded over the next three years to meet the needs of both internal and external customers. In addition to Chongqing, the company is planning to plant sand, precious sun power cells, and the Xian battery plant is planning.
Of these, the Changsha and Guiyang bases will achieve full production at 21q1 and 21q2, respectively, with a total expected Knife Battery Capacity of about 25 gwh. The company ' s power cell capacity will increase rapidly over the next three years, reaching a total capacity of 100 gwhh by 2022, including Blade Pools, to meet all car acupuncture batteries and external guests under the follow-up flag.
2.2 The second half of the year when new models are marketed, promoting higher sales. In the second half of the year, new models and rechannels will be marketed. Due to the effects of the epidemic, new models will be published in the second half of the year, with new models such as “Han”, “Songplus” and changes in existing models such as “Don”,
“e2” and “e3” and so on. In addition, the dollar has been placed in the bulletin catalogue and is expected to be on the market in 2004. At present, “Han” has over 30,000 hand orders, and the blade-cell production can climb up the slope to facilitate the import of new orders. At the same time, the listing of other new models will continue to add to the company’s hand orders.
“Han”, “Don”, “Song”, “e2” and “e3” account for almost half of the total, and the number of new vehicles sold up by the new vehicle listing companies is up. Against the background of the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year, we expect the company’s new energy vehicles to fall by less than 10 per cent in the year 2020.
Deeply digging out the market, the new car type “d1” is expected to be sold. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the new vehicle type “d1” locates a small electric mpv, carries an lfp battery, continues 418 km. “d1” improves on the pain of the travelling market type, the largest design feature of which is the use of a side slider on the right side of the car, which means more than that.
To help transport safety, and to be able to provide the required hospitality to the travel market, it was the first to be found in the domestic travel market. Moreover, the “d1” axis, with an axle of 2,800 mm, effectively secures the space. We believe that there may still be an excellent space design in the passenger cabin to improve travel experience. To benefit from human design and initial advantage, we expect “d1” to be used.
Figure 7: The end of the new model "d1"
2.3. Business supermarkets increase branding, black technology increases product competitiveness, business supermarkets increase visibility and brand influence. Companies learn from good marketing practices in the industry, actively create supermarkets in highly populated areas, and increase corporate brand visibility.
Good products like "Han", "Don" and so on, raise corporate brand awareness and influence.
Safety, economy, performance are multiple. 1) Sitting secure: Company 21q1 fully electrically switched to blade cells, while next year it will launch a blade battery phev to replace the current three-dollar battery phev. 2) Improving economics and performance: Intruding power mix, 21q1 introduced dmi supermixing technology, fuel consumption 3.9l.
At the forefront of the industry; in fuel cars, the production of a high power of 1.5 ti, which meets the country's sixb emissions, with a maximum power of 136kw, a maximum power of 288n*m, has reached the world's top power level, with a 15% reduction in 100 km of oil consumption and an extraordinary economy.
3 Biadi Electronics: More flowers downstream, opening up long-term growth space 3.1. Deepening client cooperation, increasing the share of vertical integration support for structural elements, assembly and assembly, is gradually becoming a core ipad supplier, with products permeating from assembly to structure.
And apples have worked together over the years, starting in 2015, to build up a great deal of production assembly experience, and formally cut into the ipad assembly supply chain in 2019. In 2020, the company planned 15 production lines for ipad in the country, and now has 5 production lines, and 20q4 are expected to be fully operational.
At a time when there is a strong demand for Christmas, we expect the company to deliver about 5 million products in the year 2020, generating more than 10 billion dollars. The company will also build up its capacity in India with a code ipad, further increasing its share of apples. At the same time, the company is expanding its range of product supplies, hopefully in 2021.
With the company's advantage of vertical integration in structure and assembly, future supply is expected to increase further. We expect the size of the apple harvest in 2021 and 2020 to reach a higher level of cooperation with Andre's major clients, with a rapid increase in demand for supporting products, and an increase in product types.
In addition to the assembly business, the company will also provide a full range of spare parts, such as the structure of the rice, the spread of heat, etc.
3.2, open up new areas, open up more flowers, and the company is working with the drone leader in the early stages of its operations. The drone market is now high.
According to droneindstryinsights, the ratio of civilian drones to civilian drones in 2019 was around 34.8%, with the Central Territory, as the global market for drones, accounting for about 70% of civilian drones.
A successful negotiation with a well-known American producer of e-smoking is expected to increase more than double next year. According to frost&sullivan statistics and projections, the e-smoking market is growing at a high rate, and is expected to outsize by 2024.
The company is involved in components and assembly services, such as electro-ceramic fume cores, which are expected to yield $1 billion in 2020. Currently, the company has been working with a leading American electronic tobacco company downstream, and is expected to demand 20h2 masks at the same level as 20h1 in the future. In early 2020, the epidemic hit the world, with the company relying on materials and materials.
Automation advantages, such as self-researching of the masked machine production lines and the production of masks. The company has now become the world’s largest mask supplier, with a capacity of over 70 million x/day. 20h1-Byadi electronic mask operations have received about $8.6 billion, and the parent company Biadi’s masks are expected to be in high demand and higher levels of Maori.
The parent company, Biadey, has updated information on the upper limit of related transactions, and corporate mask sales are still at a high level in the second half of the year, and we expect masks to be sold at a flat level in the first half of the year. As the epidemic normalizes, the mask also has a stronger demand in the short term as a necessary anti-epidemic requirement, but sales are gradually returning to normal levels.
As a result of this epidemic, we have witnessed the advantages of a vertically integrated supply chain, and companies have seen great opportunities in the field of health care and health. Through this exercise, companies have become familiar with the qualification process for health products.
1) The same-year drop in vehicle sales by company 20h1 is higher than the industry average, and whether the recovery of sales of 20h2 will be successful; 2) whether the profit from the mask contribution is sustainable; 3) the negative impact on the company of the decline in sales of mobile phones by China.
1) The decline in corporate sales in the first half of the year is due, on the one hand, to the impact of the epidemic, to the delay of the company’s brand-new and modified models to the second half of the year, and, on the other hand, to the weakness of the public market sector. On the other hand, on the private market, consumers will now be more interested in vehicle safety and economy.
With more secure and energy-efficient new technologies, such as blade batteries, dmi super-mixing and efficient power generation, the public sector will release its potential at the supply end. In the public market, the company’s new model of “d1” deep-deeply digs out the demand point of the market and is expected to build a new car. With a lead vehicle like “Han”, we expect 2020.
2) In the short term, as the epidemic normalizes, the mask has a relatively strong demand as a necessary anti-epidemic requirement, but the demand and profit levels are returning to normal. In the long term, in the first half of the year, the company is familiar with the medical qualification process and is aware of the enormous opportunities for health care, and will be able to open it up further in the future.
3) The rapid growth of corporate surrogates and the deepening of collaboration with other downstream clients, from Andre to Apple, product upgrading from assembly to structural parts, client structure optimization, and product Māori ratios, will effectively influence the decline in sales.
We believe that companies, as leaders of new energy vehicles, will grow into globally competitive world-class car companies in a wave of electricization: 1) as pioneers in the new energy automobile industry, corporate whole product matrices, pool of talent and market influence are prominent; 2) possession of high-quality assets such as power cells, semiconductors of cars, etc., is the only ones currently active in steam.
Car companies with extensive layouts in key areas of the car industry chain; 3) companies know how to break through, technology, brands, and supply chains continue to evolve. At the same time, subsidiaries of the flag, Biadey Electronics, are constantly evolving into structures and assembly vertically integrated sophisticated manufacturing dragons: 1) Deepening cooperation among large clients, from Andre to Apple, from accessories to core.
(b) The risk of macroeconomic volatility: the uncertainty of the macro-environment, both at home and abroad, which affects the level of income available to the population and, in turn, the development of the company ' s operations;
2) Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The company needs major raw materials such as steel, plastics and other metal raw materials such as lithium, cobalt, etc., and the price volatility of raw materials has a direct impact on the production costs of the group ' s main business; 3) Risk of volatility of the epidemic: the possibility of a secondary outbreak affecting the production of the company ' s main business