Main business growth is robust and emerging business is expected to follow up - Tupou Group (601689) points assessment reports benefit from good growth in sales by core clients and performance increases are in line with expectations: corporate business is dominant
It includes four major plates, such as shock absorbers, interior features, chassis structures and smart brake systems, whose middle and middle shock absorbers, interior features, are firmly positioned to take the lead in the country and contribute about 90% of the revenue. It is supported by a good growth in sales from downstream core clients and by an autonomous brand, high and wide, etc.
The impact of the rapid growth in products was 40.14 per cent higher for companies in the first half of the year, in line with market forecasts, 150 million yuan for chassis structures and 52 million yuan for smart brake systems, respectively, of which the same 37.87 per cent kept up with rapid growth, while the intelligent brake system decreased by only 3.93 per cent.
The company’s combined Māori ratio declined slightly by 1.33 percentage points to 29.91 per cent, as a result of an increase in revenue from the built-in functionality and chassis. The company’s cost-control capacity has improved, and the cost-for-period rates, such as sales and administration, have decreased compared to the previous year, with net profit on sales rising by 1.77 percentage points to 16.58 per cent.
Product orders were abundant and globalization strategy advanced: in 2015, companies and universal e2xx global billionaire orders, while the company was the firm that supplied the Teslamodel3 aluminium alloy chassis structure, and entered into supply agreements with a number of cars, Biadi, etc., to support it with a light-quantitative overhang system.
The company’s research and development capabilities have reached the level of international sophistication, investing in the creation of production bases in Brazil, and the creation of research and development centres in Sweden, among other things. They can be effective in meeting customer needs for matching suppliers, creating a global supply system that can help shape domestic and foreign supply systems.
A dynamic development of new business, smart brakes and electronic vacuum pumps are expected to follow up: companies respond to emerging trends in light quantification, electrification, intelligentization, etc.
Systems, smart brake systems, electronic vacuum pumps, and so on. In May this year, the company raised $2.395 billion in undisclosed shares at $30.52 per share to invest in smart brake systems and electric sub vacuum pumps, creating 1.5 million car smart brake systems (ibs) and 2.6 million steam units per year.
In the future, the smart brake system and the electronic vacuum pump project will contribute to sustaining high-speed growth in company performance.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: companies maintain high growth rates in such businesses as shock absorbers and interiors, while also actively expanding new businesses, baseline layouts are lightly quantified, smart drivers are emerging directions, sales of core clients decline in the short term and downstream, and new projects are not developed as expected