A little more than expected to continue with high growth certainty in the future, and a strong rise in auto and spare parts industries with high and sustained performance.
With 2,326 million yuan in revenues and yay40.14 per cent in net profit from the parent deduction, the high performance growth is due mainly to the fact that the company ' s core client base, mainly represented by guilty, upper and wide gas, continues to grow at a high rate of 89.28 per cent in the first half of 2017, with a cumulative increase of 89.28 per cent in sales in the first half of the year.
The net interest rate rate for the small drop in product structure has steadily increased.
We believe that the decline is due to changes in product structure, with the Māori ratio below the overall level of the company's interior function, which has benefited from a decline in cost rates, ranging from a decline of 1.27 percentage points to 7.94 per cent in the same year, and a continued high level of certainty about future growth in performance.
The firm ' s future high growth is certain: the client side benefits from the rise of global global a-point orders abroad, while the client side benefits from the rise of strong and autonomous brands in the country: the product end side actively promotes the upgrading of existing product technologies, increases the value of the supporting bicycles and, on the other hand, responds to the trend towards industrial intelligence, accelerates automobile power.
iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals
The research assistant is estimated to have increased competition in the Chang Dongdong industry, the sales of supporting customers have fallen short of expectations, and the new business layout has not progressed as expected.
1. The Tupou Group (601689), which reports on the first quarter of 2017, basically meets expectations of an additional approved motor vehicle electronic plus Liu Zhenyu, the head of the Large Mechanics Unit, and a master ' s degree in material sciences at the Beijing University of Science and Technology.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business Administration, University of Qinghua, and an expert in auto circulation and post-services. He was in charge of marketing management in the North as a marketing director in a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and in the post-car market for two years.
Three years of consultancy experience in the management of a consulting firm, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, corporate strategic consulting; six years of experience in the work of large commercial enterprises, familiar with corporate warfare through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of experience, dedicated to driving cars, smart cars, new energy cars, etc. 2015 author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,