Topper Group (601689): Beneficiary core clients, developed with a strong core client base and a strong growth in business. Companies are home-grown technology-led auto parts and components that have worked for years on decomposition, soundproofing and light quantification of cars.
Research and development and production of products. The first half of the year benefited from a rapid growth in the number of autonomous brands, such as guilds, wide and upper steam, for the core clients, with significant growth in the company’s main business. Of this, 1.016 billion yuan, or 19.98 per cent, was earned by earthquake-resilient products; and 19.98 per cent more than in the interior.
The functional unit achieved income of $1.08 billion, an increase of 71.01 per cent in the same year; the aluminum control arm of $1 billion, an increase of 3.93 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate for seismic products was 34.98 per cent, an increase of 0.09 percentage points in the same year; and the interior function
The interest rate is 23.79%, a 0.15 percentage point decline in the same year; the smart brakes system is rich in quality and big orders. The company has a leading advantage in the traditional main business of decomposition, sound-segregation, and light-quantified products, and in recent years with solid research.
After entering the world ' s leading car manufacturers such as Universal, Chrysler and Audi for billions of dollar orders, they received a Gmgem project order for the Gmgem global platform, which will be developed in parallel with the Gmgem global platform vehicle nvh seismator, with a cumulative supply value.
At the same time, the company has access to important orders from domestic and international new energy vehicles for light and quantitative products, and its future performance will continue to grow with a strong and accurate trend towards car posts.
Smart driving is an inevitable trend in automobile development, as companies are increasingly investing in light and intelligent driving. In light and quantitative automobiles, companies are actively developing light and quantitative suspensions and bottom knots, drawing on the existing advantages of bottom and power-driven products that have been reduced to shock-reduction products.
The building block, which has signed a light-quantized product supply and destination development agreement with Biadi and the car, has become a supplier of light-quantified chassis components for Teslamodels. At the same time, the company invested $100 million to set up the Ningbotop suspension company, which is dedicated to the development of light cars.
In the area of smart driving, the company's strategic layout will be at the heart of the future autopilot system implementation.
The link ibs smart brakes system, and the project to secure funds through the non-public distribution of stocks, is well under way. As the age of car intelligence approaches, future companies plan to use the electronic plates as the primary business block for the sustainable development of the company.
Stable growth, positive deployment of new business, and steady growth in future performance are expected, and we maintain the company's “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.