The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre's performance was summarized as follows: the company achieved business income of $31.265 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 56.90 per cent over the same period;
Billion dollars, or 50.09 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother is 451 million yuan, or 33.06 per cent over the same period. The q3 Māori ring has fallen slightly, and high prices of silicons underscore profitability. q3 income ends continue to grow at a high rate, with sales growing mainly from business plates such as photovoltaic assemblies, distributed power stations, etc. q3 combined Māori rates.
13.93%, a small decline of 0.25 pp. Corporate profitability is more resilient in the context of a high price of silicon as a whole. q3 companies recognize investment earnings of $242 million, which represents a significant increase in the same and ring ratio, mainly in foreign exchange forward contracts. By the end of q3, the company ' s inventory stood at $13,167 million.
• Silicon supply bottlenecks are expected to be alleviated, with industrial chain profits shifting to batteries and components. This year q4, Tungwee shares, 50,000 tons of high-purity silicon in Leisan II, 50,000 tons of high-purity silicon in the first phase, and 4b in Xinjiang (35,000 tons) will be put into production sequentially, effectively alleviating the multi-crystal silicon supply bottlenecks next year.
The price of the material has fallen, and the profits of the industrial chain will shift to the battery and assembly chain. The company has been actively expanding its production since it was listed, and several capacity projects, such as the Viet Nam Base Battery and Component Project, the Salt City Battery and Component Project, and the Rotation Efficient Battery Project, have been rapidly constructed in the first half of the year. Battery and assembly capacity are expected to reach 35gw by the end of this year.
50gw, ready for next year's photovoltaic demand release. Next generation battery technology, taking advantage of the technology. Company output efficiency of 166 batteries and 210 batteries has reached 23.40%, and as perc batteries move closer to the theoretical conversion efficiency limit, the company actively sets up the next generation.
Battery technology. Topcon Battery Labs can produce 24.5% battery efficiency and build a new test line in 210-sized topcon batteries at 500mw. The salt city 16gw high-efficiency solar cells project, and the accommodation phase 5gw project have been reserved for the topcon interface and the three-stage 8gw move.
The project uses the topcon process. With regard to the hjt battery and assembly technology, the company is in the process of certifying the 210-sized hjt component. Profit predictions and investment proposals. q3 silicon prices remain high, and corporate profits are more resilient.
The supply bottlenecks are gradually being reduced, and profits from the photovoltaic industry chain will shift to batteries and components. As the price of the chain goes down, demand from high prices is expected to release next year.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.