The proposed increase was accepted, car regulation was expanded, company research was quickly evaluated, company announcement: a stock plan for 2022 was submitted and proposed to raise $6.5 billion for chip manufacturing and sealing.
Construction of the installation projects, including, inter alia, the Project for the Production Lines for the Production of 360,000 Chips a year, the Project for the Construction of the Lines for the Production of Sic Power Devices, and the Project for the Construction of the Automobile Semiconductor Encapsulation (phase I).
The company ' s 12 inch capacity will continue to expand to 90,000 units per month over 25 years, providing continuous kinetic energy for the growth of the company ' s size. 2) The company ' s car code gbt module has been delivered in bulk, its products have been approved by customers such as scavengers, Mitsubishi, Biadi and Sinkkawa. According to Ne-age data, in January 23 years, Slanwa has been supplied in bulk in a class-a vehicle module. 3) The company ' s s sicmosfet has now started to verify the volume on the client end.
The production line (12,000 units per month) will support the product’s rapid upswing and pre-emerging advantage in the market. We see the long-term size advantage of silicon device chips at Slan micro-silicon in sync with the capping capacity, the pre-positioning advantage of the carbonated silicone device, the expected net profit of the company from 22 to 24 years, the continued upgrading of production capacity and product structure, and rapid progress in the production of standard-level products.
The company leads the way in the deployment of advanced processes and products and continues to optimize the product structure. From the launch of the first 12-inch process semiconductor chip line in 2018 in the country, the company ' s 12-inch line has released 50,000 pieces of production per month as of the first half of the 22nd year, resulting in a real monthly output of 47,000 pieces per month, with the capacity building continuing.
The production line of 360,000 12 inches of power chip per year for the production of fs-igbt, t-dpmosfet, sgt-mosfet; and the new production capacity of 7.2 million car-grade units per year after the completion of the Automobile Semiconductor Encapsulation Project (phase one).
In the context of the igbt module, the company has developed a number of well-known new energy vehicle customers, including Biadi, Hiroshi, Shoo, Wu Hannitro, Sichuan, Magmitt, Inwetten, Huatang, Ping, etc.
The future 12-inch production line and the vehicle power modular line are expected to make a net profit of $472 million. According to the company announcement, the “project for the production of 360,000 12-inch chips a year” is expected to yield $1.62 billion after the third birthday, corresponding to a net profit of $204 million;
The semiconductor encapsulation project (part I) of 7.2 million car-grade units per year is expected to yield $2.77 billion after the fourth birthday, corresponding to a net profit of $268 million. The carbonated silicon production capacity, which is synchronized with the product, will be an important growth curve for the company in the future.
Carbonated silicon chip production pre-positioning, further building firm core competitiveness. The company's sic power production line project is planning to add a new milligram and provide a sample of the project to the client. As the company's mass production line is moving in parallel with product validation, the company is expected to make profit projections for the project, driven by industry growth, in the future.
Investment proposals: corporate silicon-based device production capacity is being upgraded to the product, carbonated silicon pre-silicon profile is being enhanced, the firm's core competitiveness is being strengthened by maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the long-term scale advantage of the company's future silicon chip upgrading in tandem with the encapsulation manufacturing capacity, the carbon silicon pre-silicon profile is increasing the company core, the client of the car regulation product is not expanding as expected, the output is not being released as expected, and the overall volume of new energy vehicles is not being sold as much as expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject