Clinical cologne: The first coverage report of the Tiger Medicines Deep in China, the world of excellence. The Tiger Medicines are working to become the most influential coro company, and they're getting stronger.
The lead in clinical work is becoming a global research and development platform through M&As. Currently, in 54 countries across five continents, the share of income from clinical work abroad is increasing, surpassing it for the first time in the first quarter of 2022.
Not only are multinational drug companies accelerating the entry of new drugs into the Chinese market, but the emerging biotech is also targeting China.
The internationalization of Thai medicine, integration and digital layout will create real barriers to advantage. Clinical collage is still fragmented, and the efficiency of clinical trials is subject to ethical scrutiny, researchers’ experience, and experience.
The Chinese pharmaceutical firm is actively involved in mrct clinical trials. Nationally produced innovations have become more competitive, and businesses have a pressing need to go out to sea.
In the future, not only in Europe and the United States, but also all the way across the country, China’s pharmaceutical industry will be the destination. China’s innovative pharmaceutical industry is on the rise, and the number of clinical trials is expected to increase steadily and continuously in the coming years.
There's a strong need for clinical research by the booming biotech company and the transformation of the generic pharmaceutical industry. Large pharmaceutical companies have the Port Shin stock stock to build their own clinical teams, but for a large number of biotech companies, outsourcing clinical trials will not be possible.
Innovative patterns and changes in research and development policies. Multinational drug companies are investing more and more in research and development, and biotech is providing more and more innovation. There is also a tendency for pharmaceuticals to favour the development of generic drugs, or to re-develop older drugs through improved delivery systems and move quickly to clinical settings.
The mah regime activates domestic innovation: China joins the ich to promote a higher standard of clinical treatment for new medicines: after the promulgation of the Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the Management of Human Genetic Resources, foreign pharmaceutical companies have become more active.
In order to avoid legal risks, businesses would opt to outsource clinical trials, or to develop the rights and interests of Licenseout medicines in China, which would help increase clinical penetration. External influences are gradually decreasing, and markets are gradually recovering.
On the other hand, data integrity may be affected by clinical trials that have been completed in recent years, and there is a risk that the data will need to be supplemented at the time. With the full recovery of productive life, the clinical trials cro is expected to trigger an order surge.
Investment Recommendations: We predict the company’s future operating income and net profits based on the company’s published financial data and the growth potential of each business block. We look at the long-term development potential of Teg medicines, which compares the average value of a company with the average value of a company, in 2023, with a 38-fold valuation of a company’s market value.
For the first time, the company was given a “buy-in” rating. Cost increases and risks of loss of human resources.
Clinical trials have ended, resulting in a reduction in clinical outsourcing and less than expected performance; now there are more coro companies, both domestic and foreign, facing intense competition, and if Teg medicine does not get enough orders, it is possible that the Teg pharmaceutical is committed to becoming the most influential coro company.
1.1 The scale of the Teg medicines is constantly growing. The Teg medicines were established in 2004 after 19 years of extraordinary growth and development and have grown into an industry-led platform for integrated biomedical research and development services.
The company has already completed the initial extension of the chain through successive acquisitions of Fonda, Dreamcis, and subsidiaries in India, among others.
By March 2023, Thai medicine had provided innovative, multi-cycle research and development solutions for the global pharmaceutical and medical industry. Since its inception, Tag medicine has established an extensive network of clinical testing centres covering almost all China’s medium-sized and large countries.
The city, in cooperation with the leading clinical trial agencies, has long established close collaboration. Figure 3: Teg medicine has a widely distributed operational network in China. 1.2 Teg medicine clinical research services have significant advantages
Teg medicines enable various product types to innovate in medicine and diversify their fields of operation. Support multi-purpose product innovation from chemical to biological products, from vaccine development to rare disease treatment.
Clinical development and operations, integrated technical services, process development of services and solutions, including post-market and real world research. Companies have the capacity to provide customized, forward-looking development strategies, and adopt a variety profile and registration goals.
The project’s experience is key to clinical co-optimization of service capabilities. Tag medicine has accumulated a wealth of global projects.
Implementation and management experience to address complex and variable R & D challenges. Companies operate simultaneously in China and North America, with excellent global operational capacity and resources, and follow the same quality systems and standards, enabling efficient research and development of pharmaceutical products:
Global quality systems and sop guidance can provide rapid clinical research in more than 50 countries. Globally staffed with experienced professional teams who are familiar with national drug laws and regulations, can guarantee quality of delivery, cover the vast majority of disease areas, and have a broad, high-quality client base.
Figure 8: Effective research and development of pharmaceutical products with the core advantages of the Tiger Medicines: 1.3 The Teg Medicines provide clinical technical services to accelerate the innovation of medical equipment.
In January, the group collectively participated in 651 clinical research projects on 1 type of innovative medicine in China, covering clinical operations, image analysis, smo, numeric analysis, edc, laboratory testing, drug alerts, medical translation, clinical pharmacology, etc. China has been listed for 73 of the 1 type of innovative medicine that has been served, and the treatment area covers oncology, respiratory, infections, etc.
Teg medicine expands its operations to the field of research and development of medical devices, and helps China to develop innovative clinical research on medical devices. The Department provides registration of equipment products, examination of instruments, testing services, operation of equipment clinical trials, production and quality.
Quantum system advice, safety alerts and medical surveillance, in vitro diagnostic products, instrumentation clinical evaluation services, etc. The Tag Medical Officer Network showed that, as of March 2022, more than 30 countries were covered by global operations and clients had established long-term and strategic collaboration with the Tag Medicines and National Multi-Centers for Disease Control to conduct clinical trials for vaccines of 1 to 1v
The network of Teg Medical Officers, including program design, numeracy, clinical operations, edc, smo, central labs, etc. shows that, as of March 2022, the International Multi-Centred Clinical Project for Overseas Vaccines covered Asia and the Pacific and Europe.
In more than a dozen countries in Europe, Latin America, and Africa, the total number of people in the group is over 140,000. Tag medicine provides medical translation services in the life sciences.
By March 2022, the network of Teg Medical Officers had served more than 600 clients, with cumulative translations.
Tagger medicine now integrates self-researching online translation platforms with operations management, making business processes transparent and central. Tagger medicine offers medical writing solutions that cut across clinical research processes.
Innovative Medicines Research and Development, which provides high-quality, efficient and compliant medical writing services, has accumulated nearly a thousand clinical projects with experience in programme design and medical writing.The clinical development strategy advisory team for Teg medicines works with medical and pharmacological experts to help multiple fda,
Australia and other regulatory agencies have submitted and approved the project, supporting the design, approval and launch of several mrctiii research programs.Tagger medicine has an international standard drug alert and drug safety service platform, providing drugs, vaccines, devices, etc.
It includes drug alerts at the clinical trial stage, drug alerts at the post-market stage, as well as specialized drug alert counselling and drug alert data services.
There is also a need for a range of statistical and electronic information tools, and there is a significant shortage of relevant expertise in domestic enterprises and a large amount of operational space.
1.4 Teg medicine provides clinical trial-related services to meet the diverse needs of clients. Teg medicine provides international multi-centre clinical research (mrct).
As required, the implemented mrct project covers several countries and areas around the globe: gpm and pd/pm/cra teams familiar with local clinical and registration regulations.
Teg medicines have a wealth of global strategic partners and clinical experts, providing multi-country, multi-centre resolution programmes and enabling quick start-up projects.
Thai medicine has China’s leading smo service platform, with crc (clinicresearchcoordinator) services covering clinical i-iv, real-world research and medical devices, with extensive project management experience and extensive and intensive central cooperation.
Heart screening, centre activation, centre management, follow-up, quality and progress control, skills training, project implementation, data cleansing and analysis, data archiving, centre closure.
The pharmacology team will conduct a comprehensive assessment of the drug tested and develop a personalized first-in-human clinical trial development plan and pilot programme.
Teg medicine is also the country's first clinical cro company to provide clinical pharmacology services.
The recruitment services for tag medicine candidates include patient and health volunteer recruitment, sick churches, academic outreach, patient recall, medical app promotion, etc., and establish the operating protocols for international standards.
As of March 2022, there were over 240 professional recruitment teams, covering more than 90 cities in the country and recruiting in 72 large and medium-sized cities.
Covers all the centres and the surrounding district cities, with intensive recruitment cooperation networks.
Indication, kidney disease, etc., the project covers the i-iv period of clinical research. The huge crc and cra have been studying doctor resources, allowing rapid access to specialists in various areas of the city, as well as intra-Tiger resource support.
Teg medicines have an in-depth study and understanding of national and international register-related regulations, which, in coordination with ra, pm, can provide seamless information.
As of March 2022, the network has registered more than 1870 projects for more than 550 clients:
Applications for clinical trials for fda innovative medicines in the United States, applications for imitation anda, applications for counterfeit medicines in the EU, applications for original package cep, asmf, etc. Application for clinical trials and listing of prophylactic and fda prophylactic and therapeutic biological products.
In addition to China, the United States, and Europe, Thai medicine also has ind/mrct in many countries, including Colombia, Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, Malaysia, the Philippines, Indonesia, Korea, Kenya, South Africa, Ukraine.
Thai medicine has professional numeric teams in China, the United States, South Korea, and India that can provide data management and aggregate analysis services.
There is a professional inspection team, a complete audit process, which provides adequate assurance of the integrity and system of the inspection, and a wide range of inspections include: i-iv clinical trials, clinical trials of medical devices, bioequivalency, drug-design dynamics, data management, research.
Checks on documents (tmf) etc. Third-party suppliers, on-site verification preparation and support by the National Bureau, systematic checks etc.
Teg medicines have a process-wide pharmaceutical supply chain management platform that provides integrated clinical sample management services.
It provides a one-stop central laboratory solution, supports registered clinical research, and is highly compliant.
Medicines have laboratory norms and cap-certified laboratories that meet the requirements of registered glp/gcp clinical research, including public-sector bioanalytical platforms, routine blood tests, fluid cellular platforms, tissue pathology platforms, ngs pathology tables. Biomarks/accompanies diagnosis can provide viral infections, immunoplasms, blood diseases, endocrine diseases.
High-quality data are the cornerstone of the regulatory body’s scientific decision-making. Tag medicine has supported several clinical research projects based on real world evidence in China and the United States, and has accumulated a wealth of practical experience, especially in dealing with numbers.
The ability to translate medical records and data into evidence of new drug registration, to open up data barriers, and to create a comprehensive data chain of multidimensional data to address real-life problems.
2.1 The global volume and quality of pharmaceutical research and development is increasing and the pharmaceutical industry, despite the underestimation of its financing in 2021, is growing steadily and even at an accelerated pace. According to the pharmaprojects database, as of January 2022, the world was working on drug pipelines.
The number is 8.22% higher than in 2021, and the global share of pre-clinical drugs in pharmaceutical research and development is higher. Innovation is critical for the pharmaceutical industry, and the increase in the size of the pipeline is concentrated in more advanced development ends.
It is clear from the classification of the 20109 drugs that the number of drugs at the clinical stage is increasing every year, with the number of drugs at the pre-clinical stage being the highest.
In 2022, Fda's Centre for Pharmaceutical Evaluation and Research (cder) approved a total of 37 new medicines, including 22 new molecular entities and 15 biological products. In addition, the Centre for the Evaluation and Research of Biological Products (cber) approved 2 vaccines, 1 cell therapy and 4 items.
The number of new medicines approved by the fda has declined this year compared to previous years, and we believe that this is due mainly to the slowdown in clinical trials caused by the effects of past public health events, which are expected to be rapid when life production resumes normal.
The recovery has been slightly reduced, but the amount of innovation is extremely high, and the types of biological products that have been approved are large and involve mono-resistant, dual-resistant, adc, tcr, enzyme substitution therapy. The pharmaceutical industry, both in terms of the number and quality of pipelines, 2.2 China is becoming a powerful player in the global pharmaceutical industry.
China is at an important node from the pharmaceutical-manufacturing countries to the pharmaceutical-innovating countries. After the high pace of development of the past few years, many innovation companies and clinical batches have emerged.
China’s contribution to the global pharmaceutical industry, measured by the number of pipeline products developed and the number of new drugs introduced globally, is moving toward the first tranche of the pharmaceutical industry. As can be seen from the figure above, as of February 2020, China’s innovation pipeline was the second largest contributor to the world, with the number of products under study.
The global contribution has reached 13.9 per cent, three times higher than 4.1 per cent in 2015, and stands at the top of the second echelon; China, after the United States and Japan, ranked third in 6.0 per cent, with significant progress compared with 2.5 per cent in 2007-2015.
Since 2017, massive capital inflows into the biomedical industry have increased in the event of an outbreak of financing by Chinese pharmaceutical companies. But the expertise of capital in innovative drug investment fields has been mixed, underestimating the risk of failure in innovation drug research and development, adding to the downside of the global economic cycle.
This trend has continued year after year, and the biopharmaceutical industry has been through a difficult year. The fall in funding over the last two years will make the pharmaceutical companies more cautious and focused in the short term, but we expect it to be primarily pre-clinical.
According to the Drug think tank, in 2022, 60 new pharmaceutical products (excluding Chinese medicine) were marketed in China, with treatment focusing on neoplasms, digestive and metabolic diseases, respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, etc. Clinical trials were prevented in 2022 as a result of public health events (as shown in the figure above).
Despite our problems with new drug research and development, our pharmaceutical companies have begun to move from imitation to innovation, and the imitation industry is actively turning to innovation, otherwise it will be eliminated, and we have reason to believe that the proportion of uninnovated drugs will be increasing.
The number of clinical trials in China has risen rapidly, driven by policies that encourage innovation in medicine. In 2020, the number of clinical trials in China increased significantly as China changed the qualification of clinical institutions to pre-trial trials to a filing system, but most clinical trials in China increased significantly.
In addition, key pains in the overall research capacity of clinical trial institutions include: research platforms, research wards, and dedicated clinical research teams to be strengthened.
Hospitals in China generally allocate most of their resources to outpatient and inpatient positions, and doctors and nurses working in hospitals have limited capacity to manage clinical trials in their hospitals.
Of the 1,078 institutions qualified for clinical trials in 2019-2020, less than 30 per cent of the total number of institutions undertaking more than 20 pedal studies in two years: only 6 per cent of the institutions were responsible for more than 20 mrcs in the last two years, and there is still much room for improvement in drug clinical trials.
2.3 China's cro company, a water seller, has a significant role to play in new drug research and development. As capital investment and talent have increased, the entire pharmaceutical industry and the industry chain have flourished, and the increase in research and development investment in the pharmaceutical industry has brought about an increase in research and development.
The crón industry is the fastest growing market in the world. The first Chinese crón was founded in 1997 at the Equinox. The cross-country crón was experienced and well run, but the cost of manpower was too high, leading to per capita growth.
Then China’s cro began to emerge, fully enjoying the benefits of the country’s engineers in the process of development, and was able to catch up with the tide of globalization, culminating in the emergence of leading companies like Pharmacism Condé, Tiger Medicine, and so on, with their operating incomes at the forefront of the industry. China’s cro market grew at a much faster rate than the full market.
Clinical cro is the result of a division of labour, which in essence accelerates the progress of clinical trials through their relatively mature and professional experience in clinical trials. Clinical cro is the largest in China and globally.
The Aikun Latitude has had a significant and far-reaching impact on the Chinese clinical research industry. But the indigenous coro is familiar with the country’s clinical system and legal policy, with greater service capacity and localization and cost advantages.
3.1 The Chinese market for clinical outsourced services is led by the Thai pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest outsourcing market in the pharmaceutical industry, while it continues to grow with the continued expansion of the demand for new downstream medicines.
According to data reported by the company in mid-2022, the Chinese market share in clinical outsourcing services for Thai medicine was first, reaching 12.5 per cent in 2021, up 4.1 per cent from 8.4 per cent in 2019, and was the only Chinese clinical outsourcing service provider to enter the top ten goals, with a 1.3 per cent market share, up from 0.8 per cent in 2019.
Teg medicines have established a stable partnership with a large number of pharmaceutical companies, with higher rates of customer retention. In the early days of the establishment of the Department, comprehensive clinical test standard ethics were established in accordance with the normative requirements of gcp and ich-gcp, with a wide range of partners, including pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies, medical equipment companies, hospitals and research institutions.
For clinical cro, the willingness of large clients to buy back, the amount of orders that have been placed on hold, often represents the quality of services provided in the past. Clinical cro is an industry with a low starting threshold but a high later stage.
Sex, Teg and the client are examined for a certain period of time before they form a relationship, and the contract is verified and of good quality. At the same time, the conversion costs are high, and if they are not quality problems, the client will not easily replace the cro partner, have a certain degree of stickyness and a high retention rate.
Business talent is undoubtedly the most critical resource for clinical clarets. The per capita income-generating profile of Teg is showing good momentum.
The number of employees in the company has increased over the last decade, and income per capita has also increased.
The company is on the clinical front, using its insight into innovative medicines, and, together with Hangzhou’s subsidiaries, has launched the Tae Yong Fund to create its own medical biosphere around the layout of the health-care industry. From the investment map, the company focuses on biomedicine, medical services, medicine.
Treatment informatization, digital therapy, intelligent manufacturing, etc., especially in innovative ways with a huge incremental market, medical devices are favoured and investment stages are open. The benefits of Tag medicine investments in biotech are highly correlated with the industry, and companies can use the platform’s strengths to help invest.
3.2 The performance of the Tiger Medicines is expected to continue to improve, and for the future performance of the Tiger Medicines, we believe there are several drivers: 3.2.1 The cost of conducting clinical trials continues to increase.
Clinical trials are the longest and most expensive in the process of listing new medicines and are the core cost of drug research and development. According to Pharmacy Network data, the cost of clinical trials throughout the research and development cycle is about 80%.
The final clinical report reveals that the median costs of clinical trials are $3.4 million for the period , $8.6 million for the period , and $21.4 million for the period iii. As the design of clinical pilot projects becomes more complex, the cost of clinical research increases:
• Increased regulatory requirements for new drugs to prove not only their safety, but also their high homogeneity in the development and development of innovative medicines in China compared to existing treatments, and the price of clinical trials to be pushed up invisiblely. Innovative drug companies pursue the same targets and adaptive conditions, leading to a shortage of resources, such as those tested, clinical bases, pi, etc.
The actual cost of conducting a clinical trial is often strikingly different from the cost of pre-initiation assessments. In limited company experience, a lack of understanding of the impact factors leads to the prediction and development of drug development costs.
In addition, there are a number of services for patient recruitment, clinical examination, sample testing, storage transport, drug control, meta-analysis, etc. The experience of clinical co-professional services can improve the efficiency of pharmaceutical companies’ research and development, and it is all the costs of clinical trials.
The largest share. The head of clinical operations at Biotech predicts that clinical co-services account for about 40% to 50% of the total cost. 3.2.2 China’s demand for the globalization of innovative medicines
Innovation and globalization are the future blood of Chinese biomedical companies, and the domestic pharmaceutical industry has gradually shifted from producing and marketing generic medicines to innovative medicines, and research and development inputs have been increasing. Innovation means that research and development of new medicines is directed at unmet clinical needs around the world: globalization is due to the fact that Chinese patients have a relatively large gap in their capacity to pay compared to foreign countries.
In return, foreign market space is much larger than domestic markets, and Licenseout is the way out of Chinese medicine. China’s previous pharmaceutical industry, which used to be predominantly License-in, has become more focused on the products of domestic pharmaceutical companies as China’s capacity for innovation has grown, showing a certain degree of competitiveness and appeal, and the number of License-out countries has grown year by year.
The two-way collaboration between domestic pharmaceutical companies, which have the advantage of R & D, and transnational drug companies, which have the strong advantage of finance, registration, approval, and commercialization, will be a trend in the future. But successful License-out is not an easy task.
For foreign biotech companies, multinational drug companies tend to work together to compare late product lines, preferring more money to reduce the risk of failure in research and development; while working with domestic drug companies tends to work with early development pipelines, because there are concerns about clinical trial data for Chinese drug companies.
So if the ultimate goal of the country's biotech is to move to a global, overseas market, commercial, then it's important to focus on the quality of clinical data, taking into account international standards when designing clinical trials. International multi-centre clinical trials are the most objective assessment of therapeutic efficacy and safety.
Mark, the challenge is also evident: clinical trials abroad are not only many times more costly than in the country, but it is also difficult to ask for external clinical management talent. There will be an increasing number of overseas pharmaceutical companies that will choose to work with mature clinical cro to conduct international multi-centre clinical trials (mrct).
Figure 30: Number of mrcts increased between 2015 and 2019. According to the Tag Meditation, the share of mrcs added by China increased globally from 2017 to 2019, with the highest increase of 9.4 per cent in 2018 to 2019, while domestic firms initiated them.
The share of mrct in China as a whole has also increased, demonstrating China’s active integration into the international R & D chain, increasing the efficiency of registration approvals, and its determination to compete. As of 30 June 2022, there were 149 single-area clinical trials abroad in which Tag medicines were being implemented.
International multi-centre clinical trials take more than time and more money. 3.2.3 Multinational pharmaceutical companies are trying to synchronize the release of innovative medicines in the Chinese market.
In China, despite some disadvantages, such as health-care policies, intense competition in the same race, a short drug life cycle, and slower growth of gdp, pharmaceutical companies have become a bit difficult in the Chinese market. But for large foreign companies and some emerging biopharmaceutical companies that have been farming for many years, the Chinese market remains attractive and valued.
Regulatory policies encourage innovation, give priority to reviewing and expediting the approval of medicines with greater clinical needs. China’s Drug Enforcement Agency is gradually developing a domestic system of simultaneous research and development for new medicines abroad, encouraging innovation abroad.
For new drugs to be marketed in the country, each country explicitly requires that clinical trials be conducted in the country. As more multinational drug companies target China’s huge pharmaceutical market space, they choose China for the future.
One of the origins of the new drug is that foreign companies will have more clinical demand in the country. 3.2.4 Changes in research and development trends will facilitate the penetration of the drug by large multinational drug companies focusing on core areas of disease that they are good at, shrinking the pipeline, and increasing the number of areas that they retain.
In-depth research into science. For example, more focus on basic research, improving the success rate of research and development through a deeper understanding of the pathological physiology of disease. And, because the lack of clinical efficacy is the main cause of clinical failure, large multinational drug companies have a strong research and development potential, focusing on understanding biology and the development of mechanisms for drug use.
Outside the country, when the cro has developed, only a small number of technical cadres are needed within large drug companies to follow the cutting edge of drugs, clinical techniques, and to move forward with research and development through external collaboration.
Multinational drug companies have increased their annual sales, and investment in research and development has increased, both in monetary and relative terms. Biotech, on the other hand, is playing an increasingly important role in innovative research and development, with the share of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies worldwide selling new drugs falling, according to fda years of new drug approval analysis, on a smaller scale.
Biopharmaceutical companies play an increasingly important role, not only as founders of drugs, but also as developers and owners of medicines, up to approval. Innovations range from being dominated by large foreign companies to being dominated by biotech, figure 33: 2020-2030.
Clinical trials of drugs are an important part of the global market for innovative drugs. And biotech's research has fewer development lines, and the overall financial strength and pool of talent is far less than that of large drug companies, which tend to focus on one of the key links in research and development.
Large professional development teams don’t have to squeeze large amounts of money into fast-changing life science equipment. For biotech, cro has a higher penetration rate, biotech finances are larger or markets are larger, and cro gets more co-operative income.
3.2.5 The policy of regulation of human genetic resources and other policies, such as the mah policy environment, will lead to a reorientation of the research and development strategy of pharmaceutical companies, which is closely linked to the trend of Ping Bedcro.
The Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on the Management of Human Genetic Resources, which came into force on 1 July 2019, benefit Chinese clinicalcro enterprises to a certain extent.
Many foreign pharmaceutical companies tend to choose with clinical co-operation to avoid legal risks because they are not well informed about the management of human genetic resources in clinical trials.
This would also save costs by avoiding self-build teams for some of the smaller overseas pharmaceutical companies. Tagger medicine is experienced, has insight into local laws and regulations, and has the advantage of resources, and it would become overseas, on the other hand, China joins the ich (International Coordinating Committee for the Registration of Drugs for Human Use) and the pharmaceutical license.
A range of policies and initiatives, such as the holder’s system, will also drive the development of innovative medicines. China joins the Ich. Increased cooperation with leading international agencies in clinical trials.
Research and development data and registered international mutual recognition that international drug companies are doing mrct in China also inspires China to create new drugs that can be clinically developed to a higher standard and move to the world. Mah chooses to produce drugs on his own or to entrust them to other drug-producing enterprises.
Prior to that, listing permits and production permits were a form of joint management, which led to excessive investment, waste of resources, duplication of production capacity, and a lack of incentives for emerging firms to develop. With the piloting and formal implementation of the mah system, mah could commission cxo enterprises for R & D, production, marketing, etc., which greatly increased product research.
Innovative incentives and R & D enthusiasm have been effective in protecting the patented properties of products and in improving production efficiency