On 13 March 2025, the company recommended that the wine industry be one of Jiangsu's leading white wine companies.
The white wine industry is under pressure from the macro-consumption environment, but we believe that the world economy is one of the more resilient companies with a relative competitive advantage. Looking forward to 2025, we think there are three marginal advantages.
First, intra-provincial patterns of competition tend to be rational, which helps companies to continue to raise their market share. Second, v is the development boom, which means that the value of the product is opening up. Third, the off-provincial market continues to grow faster, and the corporate market is opening up.
Liu Lei-Jen, who is the main competitor of the present world, is the river in Jiangsu province. In 2023-2024, the river gave more attention to the market in the province, and the cost of the investment increased the competition in the province.
In view of the weak performance and the fall in market demand, looking ahead to 2025, we're judging that competition will slow down in Jiangsu province, which will help to further increase the share of companies in the province. With regard to the incentives for competition in the province and the present world to continue to raise the share, we're analysing that, first, it is very difficult for a single price element to fundamentally destabilize the white industry.
Second, the “state” brand has a strong and broad consumer base in the province. Third, the multi-brand multi-producer product matrix has been developed, and in the current complex consumption environment, there is more to it, less to it, more to it, and more to it. Fourth, regional market expansion is robust and robust.
v is a value-upgrading space: State v is a series of upgraded products based on the primary open system, containing three products, v3/v6/v9, with prices ranging from low to high coverage of more than $500. Since the establishment of the Ministry of State v in 2022, with the support of marketing organizations and the guarantee of resource inputs, v3 has grown rapidly.
In 2025, we judged that the state v3 had a better basis for development. First, the value of the product has stabilized. Second, the focus in the province in 2025 is on v3.v The momentum is getting better, v is the momentum that will increase the space for corporate value.
The growth of the off-provincial market has been improving: since 2023 and 2024, the growth of the off-provincial market has been remarkable, and the company’s target out-provincial growth this year is still significant. The growth of the off-provincial market has gradually improved. We believe that the factors driving the acceleration of the expansion of the off-provincial market include: first, branding.
Second, after a number of adjustments and errors, the direction is clearer and more pragmatic. Third, companies are investing more and more of their resources in markets outside the province. We expect that, with a trend of increasing sophistication, pragmatism, and input plus, sales will continue to grow faster and gradually.
Investment proposal: we take a view of the continuing increase in the share of the world in the provinces, the development of the v family and the extra-provincial market catalog.
The company profile and the reasons for its recommendation The world wine industry is one of the leading white wine producers in Jiangsu province, based in Yui Shui County, Huaizhou City.
One of the representatives of Jiang Soo's branded "The Three Treasures" in 1956, and the second in 1984, the All-China Wine Award, with its strong fragrance, became a national standard sample of strong white wine in 1995, laying a good product quality base. Since then, as a result of changes in business management, the company has evolved through the "Grows" and the "Fate of the World" and the "Fate of the Nation" products.
The brand has evolved since its creation in 2004 and has now become the company's main brand. Under the brand, the company is constantly enriching its product matrix in terms of the product lines, which include open (four, three, one, one), v (v3, v6, v9), and all-priced fabrics ranging from $100 to $1,000.
The Bureau, with a price of $400-500, has developed into the company’s first single item, leading to the continuation of products such as Lei-Ya, V, and so on. The Department has so far become a more competitive, multi-brand and multi-brand department with a combined annual income of more than 10 billion yuan.
Firms that are resilient and have a relative competitive advantage. Looking forward to 2025, we think that there are three points of marginality change: first, the rationalization of intra-provincial patterns of competition has helped companies to continue to raise their market share. Second, v is a growing trend, meaning that the value of the product has opened up upwards. Third, the growth of the off-provincial market has continued at a faster pace, and the market space for companies has gradually opened up.
According to the Liquor Association, Jiangsu's white wine market is about 62.5 billion yuan, the second largest country in Henan province. The city's 100 million yuan; the lower-than-7000 sub-high-priced areas are dominated by ocean rivers, the present-day world, and others, such as Shanxi and Guai Goon, compete.
But, as a result, income growth in the region of 2023-2024 did not accelerate, and the current economy kept growing faster than that of its competitors. After two years of “testing” failed.
Good, with weak demand in the cross-cutting sector, we expect competition in Jiangsu province to slow down in 2025, which will help the company of the present generation continue to raise its market share in the province. We analyse how the company of the present generation has been able to withstand the impact of increased competition in the province over the past two years, and how we see the company as a market in the province.
First, it is very difficult for a single price element to fundamentally destabilize the business roots of white wine businesses. Over the past two years, increased product promotion and cost inputs have been one of the important means of initiating competition. But, unlike popular consumer goods, white wine is not a price-sensitive type of product.
And the lack of demand for white wine in the last two years is mainly due to the lack of consumption scenes rather than purchasing power, so that the real price of the product is falling and cannot fully boost sales; the same strategy is followed by competitors, who are more likely to be caught up in price-competitive “prisoners' plight” that makes it more difficult to manage channels and less effective in raising their share. In the second half of the year 2024, overall demand in the industry has stagnated, and prices have been competitive.
Second, the “state” brand is a strong one, with a broad consumer base in the province. Brand power is the first key element in the competition for white wine companies.
Overwhelming, low-to-high continuity, the "state" brand has been in the middle and upper end since its creation, and has since grown up to 400-500 yuan in a single, “four-in-a-way” feature that supports full intra-provincial consumer contact. At this point, the "low-blackness" of the national dimension, in the 100-200-bit segment, has continued to build up in line with consumer demand, and the "v-in-a-kind" relay that supports the brand.
On the other hand, in the pre-development phase, the “state” brand focused on the scenes of business consumption and core opinion leaders, which helped to create a better profile of the brand and good product quality, followed by the ability of the core opinion leaders to communicate to the public consumption, which is now at a stage where consumption is widely disseminated.
Third, the multi-brand multi-promotion product matrix has been developed, and in today’s complex consumption environment, it is accessible, secure, and swirling. The company now has three major brands: “Nationality,” “The End of the World,” “The Trench,” which cover sub-high, popular, and low- and middle-grade white wine, respectively.
Consumer demand. Under the dominant “nationality” brand, four large series of monoliths have been further developed: four, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, one-way, and one-way, two-and-a-half.
The Division has set a timetable for the development of the 10 billion-dollar market base; at this stage, we believe that the market for the consumption of white wine is still expanding at the price level, and that there is still room for expansion in the coverage of the Sino-Sinan regional market.v This is the upgrading of the structure of the company ' s product, which has been under way since its official import in 2019. Overall, despite the pressure of the consumer environment, the company is still growing.
Several major monolithic series have been able to evolve, and price segment layouts have been balanced downwards and have broken upwards, creating robust brands and product matrices with potential for sustained growth. There is a clear advantage over ocean river co-price competitions, with a significant advantage over open and light body sizes, and companies continue to increase their share in the 100-500 price slots in the province with a higher degree of certainty.
Fourth, regional market expansion is robust and steady. Regional market expansion is robust and well structured, as reflected in: first, success in taking the provincial capital Nanjing market. The provincial capital Nanjing market, after many years of operation, is the company’s number one market, the core pole market, which ranks second only to the competitive market’s position. Nanjing, as the provincial capital market, has a large and strong market capacity.
Second, from North Sudan, South Sudan, where the pace is steady and steady, with gradual radiation-led development. The scene in Central Sudan is now on the rise; the sub-consumption and brand recognition of the South Sudan market is a potential market for the company’s key breakthroughs over the next 2-3 years, helping to improve brand power and product structure. Third, the regional market’s sophistication is deepening.
The construction of a new three-dimensional matrix of the "Stamp County - Model Town - Model Shop" channel, which promotes the "top movement" of over 100 million dollars, over millions of dollars in big towns and over millions of shops, through regional, channel grid-based collusive collusion.
The share of total income is about 8 to 9%, of which v3 is 50% + in the v family. Since June 2022, when State v was established as the Ministry of Enterprise, v3 has grown rapidly, with the support of marketing organizations and the guarantee of resource inputs.
State v3 has developed in the province against the mound m6+. m6+ in Jiangsu is about 4 billion yuan, compared to the size of State v3 and prices are low, with two product prices falling from $600-700 to $500-600. Since the end of 2024, ocean rivers m6+ have been able to achieve a market pricing process as a result of stable wholesale prices for controlled goods.
Second, in 2025, the provincial focus was on v3. V3 has been imported into major niche markets in the province, and good marketing has been achieved in Nanjing and Xiao'an. Nanjing market feedback, in addition to group buying channels, V covers circulation channels and high-end feast markets.
Last year, q4 was optimized, and branding resources were more focused on v3. Thanks to branding up, and in 2025 the Division will deepen the cultivation of V3 in core markets such as Nanjing and Suzhou, we expect to achieve a faster breakthrough in South Sudan in 2025.
Since 2023, 2024, markets outside the province of the present world have grown significantly faster than in the province, and the company’s out-of-provincial growth this year is still much faster than in the province. In the last 2-3 years, the company’s out-of-provincial market has been growing better because, first, brand influence and product prevalence are increasing.
As the company’s share of the market in Jiangsu continues to rise, the country becomes a big monolith, v being a very high-profile brand, with influence on consumption in markets outside the province, particularly those around Jiangsu, and in long-triangular integration markets. Second, after many adjustments and mistakes, the direction is clearer and more pragmatic.
Optimization of the market strategy includes: 1) adjustment of the product, which is the direction that the company has been following for almost a few years with the use of national brands at the sub-high end and above, which is a matter of brand positioning; but in 2024, after the transformation of the industry environment, it was adjusted to take the lead in opening up and opening up large intra-provincial items. 2) Reprogramming of the market, in the provinces of recent years, the focus has been on expanding.
There have been few regional changes, including Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Shandong, Henan, Jiangxi and Jinjin, which have long triangular integrations, but are focused on and dynamically adjusted at the local and municipal levels, with priority cities such as Jaizawa, Linjing, Kahing, Lake State, Luang Lake, Zing City, Fatty, etc., where sales are expected to reach tens of millions to hundreds of millions of yuan in 2025.
In 2024, the company proposed a “3-year non-profit, 3 billion-year-long” budget to plan for out-of-provincial market inputs. In 2025, the “4-year market” was targeted at “4-level markets”, with budget guarantees and specific targets.
We expect that, with a trend toward greater sophistication, pragmatism, and investment, out-of-town sales will continue to grow faster and gradually open the boundaries of the company’s market. The risk of continued low demand in the white and wine industry; and the risk of increased competition in the market.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete your investment in order to ensure the quality of service and control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.