Round Express (600233) Transport management re-focus, volume acceleration recovery, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: The company released data on its courier operations in January 2019, which generated $2.26 billion (+23.9 per cent), 660 million tickets (+36.1 per cent) for the completion of couriers, while the volume of courier products remained at a high rate of 3.44 per cent and the city ' s share continued to rise. In January 2019, the volume increased by 36.1 per cent compared to last year ' s.
A 0.5 percentage point to 13.2%, the third highest in the “constellation system”, which is 3.6 percentage points below the ratio of the first-ever mesopolis.
The same-year decline was narrow by 10.8% in December. Throughout the year, the completion of the revenue of $23.4 billion in 2018 was partly attributable to competition in industry prices, while the restructuring of the inter-union settlement policy in the second half of the year resulted in a 0.2 per cent reduction in single-card income/per cent and a 4 per cent drop in the amount of the rest of the year under a comparable calibre of 2018h2.
By the end of 2018, the amount of financing after a share in a courier company was second only to the sum of $5.89 billion, mainly for the construction of transit centres and the purchase of transport equipment. In the first half of 2018, the company added $409 million in additional fixed assets.
Construction works in the amount of $440 million have increased investment in transport and automation equipment. We believe that large-scale capital spending will boost the ability to manage costs by storing good production capacity in 2019, with the main line having its own vehicles and the automated equipment of the shipping centre.
Profit predictions and ratings. Reduced cost differentials among head couriers and the current absolute level of asp are low, lower customer price sensitivity, and we believe that the 19-year drop in power vendor asp will be narrow. Head couriers have cost and service advantages, and concentration will increase further.
In 2019, cost control led to higher profitability, the most marginally resilient company in the middle of the border.1 Former head sheep, recovering at a rate after the pain adjustment period, were the leading integrated mail delivery company in the country, using its own hub transit centre and flat end network.
By the first half of 2018, it had 64 self-located hub transit centres, 3281 allied companies, and its delivery network covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions, and central authorities. The company acquired the first-past-out (now known as Consejo International) global network coverage in 2017 and is now in its basic form.
A global network of logistics backbones covering countries and regions such as Europe, North America, and South-East Asia. In the fast-growing electricity-commodity express market, Junction used to be a master of the industry (3.03 billion pieces in 2015, the city’s share was the earliest in the early years of power-market development and treasure-hunting cooperation; 2) in 2009, it worked with ibm consultations to establish a fast delivery full life cycle control.
The information technology platform, the Golden Kong System: 3), was put into operation in 2012. But, in the course of the rapid growth in the size of the company’s business, the company suffered a setback in 17 years from a decline in its market share, with the company entering a clear adjustment period from 17 to 18 years, owing to the weakness of the federated network’s control and cost end.
Focused on industry, costs are at a rapid drop point; the volume of couriers over the scale of the year has also reached an all-time high of 50.710 billion, with an increase of 26.60 per cent, down by 144 percentage points from 2017.
In our view, the express delivery sector has two characteristics when compared to total social retail sales at a rate of increase in volume: 1) more resilient, with a sharp decline of less than zero; 2) an absolute increase that is significantly higher than the social zero, i.e., social retail platforms continue to converge towards electricity suppliers. So, in our judgement, the express delivery sector will continue to grow at a medium-to-medium rate of more than 20% in 2019.
Figure 8: Monthly data on total retail sales of social consumer goods (in billions of yuan)
Over the next two years, it will continue to expand to around 3 billion dollars for hardware and software upgrades in transit centres. We believe that large-scale capital spending has saved good production capacity for the year 2019, and that inputs from trunk-owned vehicles and shipping centre automation facilities are expected to increase to capital costs back to the focus courier industry.
The Division did not receive good returns in 2017, for example, a.b.net strategy failed to bring about a significant improvement in corporate profitability.
In the first half of 2018, companies added 409 million yuan in fixed assets and 440 million yuan in construction work in progress, just as well.
As of $2.7 billion in capital expenditure up to 2018q3, we believe that large-scale capital expenditure is a good reserve capacity for 2019, while the hardware investment in trans-shipment centres has a certain back-up advantage, and that the introduction of new information technology systems, trunk lines, vehicles and shipping centre automation equipment is expected to enhance cost-control capabilities. In our view, in terms of the capital spending cycle,
In the middle of the new round of capital spending, and soon to harvest, we look forward to the benefits of the net access to new production and systems, and believe that the net access will have better cost-control capabilities.
In the second half of 2018, after strategic restructuring of the company’s operations and the period of input of transport automation equipment, the company’s express service became fast-tracked, giving the company a margin of marginal price reduction for its volume competition. The month was marked by an inverse gain in the amount of hymn content, returning to the second level of the “accessory system.” In terms of the city’s share, four quarters were already in line with the hymn’s base.
In our view, after two years of testing a, b-net strategies and massive capital spending, 19 years or one year of harvest, the city’s share is expected to continue to rise. Assuming that there are no large fluctuations in material prices over the next two years, the cost of single-card transit centres will increase over the next three years due to automation.
12 per cent, 8 per cent and 7 per cent respectively;
At this stage, capacity-building is at the top of the list, profit-conversion capabilities, reduced cost differences between head couriers and the current absolute level of the asp, lower price sensitivity of customers, and we believe that the 19-year drop in the power vendor's asp will be reduced. Head couriers have a cost and service advantage.
The company’s market share will continue to rise, and the industry’s pattern of competition will continue to optimize. The improved efficiency of circular operations is expected to continue over 19 years, with cost control leading to increased profitability, and the difference in valuation between the public and the company’s electricity suppliers, which has already reflected differences in the company’s fundamentals, covering it for the first time, giving an “enhancement” rating.
Despite the current milder pricing strategy and more stable patterns of competition in the industry, the high homogeneity of the express delivery sector has led to market share competition largely dependent on price reductions. Cost-first delivery companies are not excluded from launching a “diplomatic strike” of sharp price reductions, and industry-wide asp is at risk of continuing to decline.
The rate of growth of the power supplier has declined. Against the backdrop of the gradual disappearance of the penetration dividend, the risk of a \triangleright current power supplier surge may follow a combination of multi-volatile growth.
The tax administration suspended the implementation of the New Deal at the beginning of the year, but did not exclude the risk of subsequent policy changes. The risk of fluctuations in the performance of acquisition targets.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.