Fulfilling aigc and the new business of the meta-cosmos, Iotra's performance continues to be bright: the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center event: the company's starxmusicxlab music lab completed the first five entirely by the ai.
The song is published. 2022q3, Starxmusicxlab has 10 new ai songs, which are now online on various national and international platforms. Tob ends, musicxlab has a partnership agreement with various companies in music, automobiles, games, teaching, fashion, entertainment, etc.
2022h1, the main product starmaker continues to expand and has a strong edge in South-East Asia and the Middle East, and has successfully entered the first echelon in major markets in Latin America and Europe, with a global cumulative number of 280 million registered users.
Four modules, Star, Bladestar and Shortingstar, provide new social and recreational experiences for users. Geocosm business is growing rapidly, and Opra's performance is growing rapidly. 22q3, the dollar cosmos business is earning more than $14 million in one season and Mau more than 19 million in one season. Opra's performance is higher than expected, with 22q3 battalions receiving the same amount.
By 28 to 85.3 million dollars, the adjusted ebitda was 161 to 21.4 million dollars in the same year. The company was able to transform the Opra from a traditional browser to an information distribution platform, through technical means such as the ai, and now the oupragx game browser dau has broken 9 million, the cloud game community.
• The Tower of the Sacred Land is showing a bright view and domestic distribution is progressing steadily. 2022q3, The State of the Holy Land is on the line in Japan and Korea, and it is expected to continue to expand the size of overseas income; and a national edition number has been obtained, and the issuer has issued it.
In a steady move, Taptap scores 7.9, with 137,000 appointments, follow-up players are worth noting for their glue and commercial operations. The R&D of Dragon Rise, code names-d, d-war and other games under the banner of Arkgames are also being developed, and there is a wealth of product reserves.
1. Cullen Wanwi (300418): Game operations are built, new growth pole (2022-04-19) Internet platform enterprises are continuously M&As are being built, Starx is growing steadily, and Opra operations are expected to emerge from the epidemic
On the assumption that 1:Opra is a world-famous browser with a platform for information and service distribution, mau is expected to increase steadily, but it’s not possible to do so.
The search engine operation is expected to grow at a rate of 10 per cent in 2022-2024 and the Māori rate is stable at 94 per cent in 2022; the network advertising business is maintained
Assumption 4: There have been no significant changes in industrial policy and no direct or indirect compensation has been obtained for, and will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.