With the prospect of releasing performance, the eco-economy of the metro-cosmos is becoming richer, the company released its third quarter report in 2022, and in the last three quarters, the company achieved a revenue of 3,399 million dollars.
At the end of 3q22, the company's main game is on the line in Europe and America, and we expect to make a limited contribution to 22 years of revenue, which will continue to increase as the game's performance is released. At the profit end, we believe that the first three quarters of the decline was mainly due to the impact of investment returns, and after the first three quarters of the business was eliminated, the company went to the polls.
The adjusted ebitda was 42.3 per cent more than the same year, and the opra continued to enrich the metacoecological ecology, with an average of 3q22 mau exceeding 300 million. 3q22opera collected $85.3 million, or 28.1 per cent more than the same year, of which the advertising industry generated $4.915 million.
Ten thousand, with a single quarter contribution of more than $14 million, to sustain healthy growth; the opragx game browser dau has broken 9 million, the gx.games game community is currently running at 2,000 games, moving close to 200. We expect to open up as gx.games.
Support for the h5 game will further reduce the player experience threshold and drive the platform ' s user growth. Content eco-combined, the starmakervr version widens distribution channels and aigc enabling content supply. Channel end, the starmakervr version is online during the reporting period.
The four modules taikostar, bladestar and shootingstar, which provide a variety of experiences such as immersion music, music games, are now online on the ocuulusapplab, sidequest and steamvr platforms under the flag of Facebook (meta). Meanwhile, the company's aigc research and development team is on the line.
The company is also active in expanding its cooperative ecology with various industries, such as science and technology, education, etc. We believe that the two-wheel drive of “technology plus commerce” will create a virtuous circle of content.
The Towers of the Sacred World have come online and acquired a national edition, and play cards are broadcast live and out of the sea to open up a new growth curve.
Millions of dollars. Thanks to the stability of users in Europe and America, we expect the game to continue to be a source of water for companies. In addition, the Tower of the Holy Land has acquired a domestic game number in q3, a national distribution scheme has been actively promoted, and q4 is expected to go up to Japan and Korea. Other self-research games are well-stocked, slg swimming.
The development of products such as Dragon Rise, ugc Games, code name-d, and 3dslg Shooting Game, d-war, is also progressing steadily. Leisure and recreation are opening a new chapter in the sea, and localizing products will be launched in South America as a global platform for playboard socialization.
q3 operates in a smooth and stable manner in the domestic chess industry, tot2 and to actively play the chess track, open overseas markets, or bring in new amounts. Given the negative risks of changes in the external environment to corporate investment returns, as well as new tourism,
A little later than expected, with a limited contribution to 22 years of performance, we adjust accordingly to the risk of a decline in the life of Internet products; the risk of a lack of performance in new tourism; and the data used in the present report on industry are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.