Conlong was transformed (3759.hk/300759.ch): 1h22 core business strong, new plant ready to develop cdmo expansion map 1h22 revenue and adjusted net profit growth of 41 per cent/25 per cent, both in the middle of the previously forecasted area
High end. The Māori rate is down 1.4 pcts, but 2q has a ring recovery. The Shashing plant will be fully operational this month.
• 1h22 Revenue Super-Guidance: Revenues increased by 41 to 4.6 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, exceeding 30 to 40 per cent of the company's guidelines for annual income growth, adjusted for 25 per cent of net profit from non-recurrent projects, and the 2h22 Māori ratio may continue to improve.
• Core operations maintained high growth: 41 per cent and 42 per cent, respectively, of laboratory services and small molecule cdmo plates; Māori rates +1.7 pcts/-3.5 pcts, respectively. Of this, laboratory service biosciences contributed 48 per cent, a further increase from 46.6 per cent in the previous year.
The small molecule cdmo continues to produce strong synergies with the early service, and the 1h22 molecule cdmo harvests.
About 76 per cent of the entry came from existing clients in laboratory services; by the end of June, there were 714 molecules in the pipeline, including 32 clinical iiii phase/process validation/commercialization projects. - Emerging operations were volatile in the short term, but have great potential for the future: clinical coro revenue increased by 38 per cent;
The Māori rate has fallen by 9.0 pcts, mainly due to the company’s excess investment in personnel and the impact of the domestic epidemic, but the effectiveness has increased by the same amount. Big molecules and cgt have increased their income by 33%; companies continue to build end-to-end cgt service platforms, which are now covered by genetic therapy.
In September, the production of cubic metres will begin. The total capacity of the company will increase to 800 cubic metres, public.
• Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating: taking into account the short-term nature of forward inputs, such as cdmo capacity, for profit margins
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Conlong's conversion (3759.hk)
The Shao Heng plant can support multi-stage, multi-type production: the Shao Heng factory is the first commercialized plant built by the company in the country. The first phase consists of five workshops (including human drug gmp workshops, animal medicine gmp workshops and non-gmp workshops), with a maximum reaction capacity of 125 million litres and hydrogenized vehicles.
The plant has the capacity for clinical and commercialization projects (see figure 2), and its first commercial production project is currently worth tens of millions of dollars per year; therefore, the plant will be able to meet the company in the future.
The cdmo pipeline extends from early projects to later stages of commercialized production services, upgrades the global market for late projects, and the small molecule cdmo earns more than 30 per cent in three years: the company expects the post-partum capacity in Shao to release the demand for orders, and the small molecule cdmo will grow faster than the company in the next three years.
Sub-productivity has started to take over the gmp production project, and there are now projects in the process of technological development. After the launch of Shao Xin’s plant, Kang has grown to seven productive bases, four of which are located in the country (Beijing, Tianjin, Ningbo, ShaoXing) and two in the United Kingdom (hoddesdon, Cramlington).
One is located in the United States. Although overseas capacity is still small, and the share of income contributed over the next three years is still small, offshore bases are more important than ever to meet the diverse needs of customers, such as local chemical and biological production abroad.
In addition, management believes that because clinical drugs are less sensitive to api prices, companies can be controlled as a whole by the impact of off-sea inflation, and cost pressures can be better passed on to downstream customers.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
• The return on investment follows the overall equity market valuation, which has increased considerably.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected • investment returns follow the overall equity market valuation with a significant increase.
The recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), express and guarantee their right to receive this report under the following conditions and agree to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]