The growth of information technology hardware and equipment is exceeding expectations, opening up a fast-scale growth model.
Events: On April 27, Lance published a quarterly report for 2021, and the company achieved sales revenue of 11.9 billion yuan, a significant increase from last year's $6.95 billion, resulting in a net profit of 1.206 billion for the mother, a higher than anticipated harvest, and a high-speed model of scale.
It's a very important incremental letter to reflect on the smooth integration of existing non-metals into the metalwork, the rapid growth in sales, and the evidence that the large difference between the public and the public in the second half of the year is changing dramatically (even in the third quarter of last year, when only $10.5 billion was collected in the blues soaring season).
No. It also proves that in the iPhone series of smart terminal appearances and functional features, Lance's weight is still very strong. And, in terms of size, it is often the company that has entered the whole market model, i.e. phone, pad, watch, book, mac, tag, car, etc.
Full positioning, including in previously lighter mid- to low-end areas, is expected to result in full replacement of total equity/flow (millions of shares) with client support, and a large number of small- and medium-scale competitors are expected to be substantially replaced.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has led to an overall improvement in Lance ' s position in the supply chain area.
Investors should note that Ramsy's priorities over the past few years in the areas of smartphone terminals, smart wear, tablets, notebooks, one-stop computers and car electronics are gradually reaping the benefits, LanceTech (300433) Strong Core Capabilities.
And it's going faster than most investors expect, especially in the electronics of cars, and now the main players are growing on merit, and the big strategy for the next three years is that the company is running a multiplicity of global core automobile manufacturers with controls, dashboards, b-stubs and smart cabins.
Prospective! - 2021/02/28 Vendors of products such as building blocks, high demand for electronics in cars a quarter, is corporate sales.
It's interesting to note that, in terms of costs, a quarter of alloys can be made, metal-forming products move from aluminium alloys to aluminium alloys.
As scheduled, platform-type growth delayed ten stainless steel expansions, start-up of assembly operations (Small Smart Terminals) and vr/ar/mr feet - - 2021/02/08
New projects, such as cars, have been undertaken in large numbers, allowing companies to continue to recruit, to form further professional teams in various fields, to expand their client channels, and to develop all lines of business fully, and while it is true that this has resulted in a certain increase in costs, it is expected that the increase will be in effect throughout the year.
The acquisition of projects over the next two years, bringing forward the work that had been done in the second half of the year, starting in the first quarter, is a completely new development attitude and strategic model, which is to pre-empt the development and reserve of personnel, the use of labour, early input into some of the projects and locking them in the first quarter of the year.
Set, and the client's depth is tied to avoid a lack of balanced operating profits in the last half of the year, while at the same time providing a better basis for performance in the next two to three quarters (the forward costs have been rolled out in one quarter and are expected to rise in the next).
In terms of the project, the focus of research and development in the quarter is first on the vehicle end, for example, we're very close, and we're very close to growing, and we're starting a fast-scale growth model, and we're building a solid foundation. And secondly, the consumer electronics sector, which is of great interest to the market.
Products such as vr/ar/mr, once again, the company’s business base has been fully enhanced by the layout of aluminium alloys, stainless steel, and metal such as pedals.
After two or three months of integration, it is believed that a season of thin hair will form the basis for a full harvest of fruits in the second half of the year, or even the rest of the year. The kind of business has been assembled with the last piece of the puzzle, based on visual products such as glass, ceramics, sapphire, etc.
The company has completed a smooth expansion of the whole assembly business. Looking ahead, and building on the current platform, the blues have become more and more inclusive.
The market share is expected to increase further, while more new areas, such as new-energy cars, wearables, smart homes, will be fully rolled out in modular or built-up forms, with reduced capacity and less than expected sales of new machines by large clients; and (2) Conning or other microchips.
The producer of Xing was unable to reduce the cost of raw materials quickly and efficiently: (iii) the competitor's malignant price reduction.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.