BluesTech (300433) Quarterly review 2021: Vertical integration works well, robustly, long-range access continues.
Events: Corporate business income of $11.99 billion in the first quarter of 2021 increased by 72.52 per cent in the same year and net profit of $1,206 million in the mother, an increase of 36.57 per cent in the same year.
vov+72.52 per cent, mainly for mergers and acquisitions of Lan Si Wang Fine (Thai State) Ltd. and Blue Styrey (Thai State) Ltd., resulting in higher operating revenues for companies, while firm and efficient company production, strong demand for various core products, especially automobile electronics, company production,
Delivery went well and sales revenue to major clients increased. In 2021 q1, the company ' s Māori rate was 21.56 per cent, while yoy-5.49pt, mainly for operating income, increased costs accordingly, while inventory assessment of value added was carried forward to operating costs for the current period with net corporate interest rates of 10.06 per cent and yoy-2.72pt.
▪ Vertical integration strategy opens a new growth cycle and continuously strengthens the technological and scale leadership: the Division continues to expand the product categories and actively deploys the top-down industries of raw materials, specialized equipment, smart manufacturing, etc., to optimize cost control.
And with rapid sampling and volume capacity, the company has achieved the first applications of superceramic crystal glass, quadricled 3d glass, etc., constantly increasing the value added of the product, while at the same time it has completed the expansion of its operations in the processing and assembly of cellular metal casings, with glass plus shell plus assembly.
As the strategy moves forward, the corporate product mix will be improved, with an initial shift from component manufacturers to integrated platform companies, with the prospect of a new growth point in consumer e-business and an increase in the company’s combined competitiveness and profitability.
Market opening, regulatory integration, etc., are efficient and well advanced, production lines and cost structures are further 1 and Lancet Science (300433), vertically optimized, and the company ' s operational potential in various metal fields will gradually be released.
• Accelerating the pooling of high-quality global customer resources and widening the growth frontier: a firm's consumption-consolidated boundary 2021-04-26
E-business dominance, taking advantage of new and emerging opportunities such as 5g, iot, on the one hand, and accelerated motor power 2, LanceTech (300433), on the other hand: performance sub-business layout, dashboard plus window products are expected to be fully added to the company, with significant vehicle value
In addition to this, the company is steadily expanding in the areas of smart clothing, smart homes, medical equipment, fast-tracking of smart terminal assembly operations and accelerating the achievement of one-stop integrated service levels.
3 BluesTechnology (300433): Towards a development strategy that enhances client stickivity, access to more business opportunities for synergistic operations and further optimizes the cost structure of companies, enhances their combined competitiveness and profitability, and steadily achieves long-term cycles
The company continuously improves the product integration of various smart terminals, optimizes the supply chain in coordination with its clients, manages costs, and continuously strengthens the core competitiveness and advantages of the industrial chain.
Platformed competitive advantages in areas such as metals have gradually been highlighted, working with named clients such as apples, hmov, Tesla, to accelerate the pooling of high-quality market resources, with sufficient momentum for future performance growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board