Increased profitability of the integration platform, with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) for the e-foresee future of cars.
• Summary of performance: the company disclosed its performance in 2020, with a revenue of $36.940 billion, an increase of $123 per cent over the same year, a significant increase in profitability and a continuous increase in the company ' s operational capacity. The company achieved a revenue of $36.940 billion by 2020.
This represents an increase of 22.1% over the same period, and a net return of $4.90 billion, or 98% over the same period. This is almost the same as the previous performance report. The growth in corporate income and return earnings has been historically high, and the seasonal fluctuations in company operations have been significantly smooth.
The asset liability rate was 46.8%, a decline of 5.5 pp. 29.4% in 2020, an increase of 4.2 pp from the same year, and the initial formation of vertical integration platforms, with technological preponderance and scalding advantages, shaping barriers to competition. Companies continued to expand product categories and actively develop other material processes. Companies developed glass, precision metals, sapphire, precision.
Ceramics, touch control, appliance, modulars, etc. have the leading skills and position. At the same time, the new materials are being created, using such products as superceramic glass, 3d glass, etc., as part of a continuous process of innovation in the appearance of materials.
The industry boundaries are widening. Companies have spent many years in electronics and enjoy high-quality global customer resources, such as apples, Samsung, millet, oppo, vivo, Huaiyu, Tess.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Amazon, among others, are increasingly working with their clients, on the one hand, to consolidate the leading power of consumer electronics, on the other, to lead the growth of single machine value through vertical integration, and, on the other hand, to keep up with the innovation of customer products, and on the other hand, to expand the boundaries of industry growth.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. With the continued expansion of corporate platforms, the company’s business structure is expected to increase steadily in revenue and profits.
LanthyTech (300433): Re-innovation of reported performance is high, vertical integration platform advantage is emerging (2020-08-19) Automobile electronics demand is not as high as expected.
Assumption 1: Small and Medium Size Protective Glass: During the business benefit 5g+aiot innovation cycle, the volume of new machines and smart terminals sold has increased The value of the long single glass panel has increased and, given the high base of the business, we expect that the demand for small and medium-sized glass protection orders for 2021-2023 will continue to grow at a faster rate corresponding to 21-23 years, respectively
Scenario 2: large-scale protective glass: mainly used for platform computers and electronic display equipment, upgrade of high-end smart cars, expected acceleration in demand for motor end client Tesla, expected large-size protective glass binding 2021-2023
The company’s business growth is driven by the ability to wear equipment (intelligent watch) applications to inform demand growth, while the company’s acquisition does not and will not directly or indirectly receive any form of compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.