Vertical integration works well, expanding growth boundaries continuously, leading to a record high of net profit yoy + 98.32 per cent, and significant quarterly fluctuations in business performance.
The market share in sub-products is increasing; at the same time, core product processes, such as smart hands, smart wearables, smart cars, etc., that are matched to major clients, are becoming mature and yield and deliver in quantities, and product structures are further optimized.
Production, cost control, internal support, etc. have continued to improve, with a steady increase in profitability. 2020  Vertical integration strategy has opened a new growth cycle with a sustained increase in technological and scale leadership: the Division has continued to expand its product categories and has been active in the distribution of original support materials, specialized equipment, intelligent manufacturing, etc.
Downstream industries, optimized cost controls. Thanks to leading technology, advanced intelligent manufacturing, and rapid sampling and volume capacity, companies have achieved the first applications of superceramic glass, 3d glass on four corners, increasing value added, and at the same time, they have been successful and able to acquire it.
Leigh completed the expansion of operations for the processing and assembly of cellular metal casings, and with glass plus shell plus assembly 1, BluesTech (300433): Performance strategy, the corporate product portfolio will be improved, initially from the manufacturer of spare parts to the manufacturer.
High innovation, vertical integration, a transformation of a fully integrated platform company that is expected to create a new growth point in consumer e-business, up to 2021-02-28.
Corporate competitiveness and profitability as a whole.2 Lancet Science (300433): Moving forward to accelerate the pooling of high-quality global customer resources and widening the growth frontier: on the one hand, companies consolidate consumption
E-business advantages, taking advantage of new opportunities such as 5g, iot and, on the other hand, accelerating motor power levels 2021-02-07.
Sub-operational layout, dashboard plus window products are expected to be fully added to the company, with one-car value, 3, LanceTech (300433), performance up, in addition to steady growth in the areas of smart clothing, smart home, medical equipment, etc.
Super-growth innovation is high, and a new chapter is opening. Companies continue to improve the product integration of all kinds of smart terminals and optimize supply chain management in collaboration with their clients.
Cost management, and continuous strengthening of core competitiveness and advantages in the industrial chain. Companies’ platformed competitive advantages in the areas of glass, metals, etc. are now becoming apparent, working with named clients such as apples, hmov, Tesla to accelerate the pooling of high-quality market resources, with sufficient power for future performance growth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As company product lines, application market expansion and vertical integration, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in place for the securities investment advisory committee