The rapid growth in the performance of LanthyTech (300433.sz) and the rapid growth of motor electronics prospects have hampered the profitability of 2021q1. In 2020, the company achieved a revenue of $36.939 billion.
Billion dollars, +72.52 per cent of the same year, net profit to the mother of $1,206 million, +36.57 per cent of the same year, Māori rate of 21.25 per cent, and q1 income growth, mainly from the Synthetic (Thai) subsidiary, have been burdened by and delayed by the decline in Māori rates, as well as by the decline in profitability.
The company is the core supplier of the apple glass sheet, based on the full layout of the glass sheet, extending vertically the operations of sapphire, ceramics, metals, tentacles, apparel, metal casings and extending the area of apparel to meet the needs of downstream producers for diversification in the consumer electronics sector, market share.
With the introduction of the iphone 12 series and even the iphone 13 series, we believe that the company’s share in consumer electronics and the increase in the asp are important drivers of future performance growth.
It's the first step in cutting into the entire car market, and it's the electronic future of cars. Automobile digitization, new energy, light-quantification have become a trend that has led to an increase in the demand for vehicle-borne control and dashboard screens, body-covering glass in terms of quantity and functional material. The company has deployed the smart car sector, becoming a Tesla supplier, relying on the consumer of electronic glass covers.
There is an absolute advantage in cross-border access to the electronics sector through interconnected processing processes and machine equipment. As mobile terminal operators deploy smart cars, companies develop space as the first consumer e-manufacturing champions.
The company's vertical extension of smart manufacturing, terminal assembly operations, cabling smart phones, smart wearables, smart cars, etc. must be increased by 15 billion dollars in 2020, plus the consumption of electronic parts and components, and 3 billion dollars in February of the year.
A new model for corporate development is the vertical integration of sub-, auto-zero components and assembly operations at the core. Investment proposal: For the first time, it covers “enhancement.” The company is a consumer electronic core leader, and it has been able to move smoothly with the advantage of a glass plate, and it has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
All data used are from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, clear and accurate reflection of the author ' s research views in the present report, and seeking independence