A steady growth of the 25q2 yakang, with the participation of the controlling power supply in the production of hydroelectric power - semi-annual review of the 2025 energy input in Kawakian (60674.sh)
Shareholdings: The Yagi River is growing steadily, the river is under pressure, and so on. According to the national electricity announcement, 25q2 pottery, 19653 million kwh, compared to 6.64%. We calculate 25q2 yams.
The company realized operating income of $5,505 million, or +4.23 per cent, less than the increase in electricity or mainly as a result of a 25-year drop in the price of electricity and water; realized net profits of $1,919 million, or +4.74 per cent; and contributed investment returns of approximately $921 million, or +5 per cent, to the company. According to the National Electricity Bulletin, 25q2 Sichuan
Leung Yonan, with 12,545 million kwh, compared to 6.27 per cent; we account for 145 million yuan, compared to 15 per cent, in investment earnings from the Grand River Corporation and other participating companies.
Holdings: The new crews contribute to the increase in electricity, but depreciation and financial costs affect the profitability. 25q2, the company ' s electricity and water generated 1.308 billion kwh, or +17 per cent of the year, is expected to be driven mainly by the new crew of the Silver River hydroelectric plant, which was put into operation after unit 1 in late 2024, and units 2 and 3 in 2025.
The cost of hydropower access is 0.215 yuan/kwh, which is almost the same. Given that the second quarter of April-June was 1 dead, 1 flat and 1 rich, the impact of the change in the contracting pattern on the company’s access to electricity prices was temporarily eliminated. This has been partly delayed by non-power generation operations.
36.8% of the year-on-year, 8.1pct, or increased depreciation costs due mainly to the commissioning of new air fleets, and the costing of new energy sources due to the cost of the corresponding interest charges incurred by new air fleets after delivery. Combined with the above-mentioned effects, the total profits of 25q2 companies - investment returns were -$86 million, compared to -$57 million.
In the short term, the company holds 390,000 kilowatts (kW) of the Silver River hydroelectric plant, which is currently in production and is expected to be fully invested during the year.
In the medium-to-long term, in the case of the Yajiang River, the construction of 372 hydroelectric power plants in Kara, Mondigull, and Tootega level I, in the medium-to-long term, is expected to result mainly from new sources of energy.
Thousands of kilowatts are expected to be delivered from 2028; in the case of the Great River, a total of 720,000 kilowatts are expected to continue production in 2029 in the construction of the Eagle Rock Level I and Secondary Hydropower Stations.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay has not been paid in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.