On May 30, 2022, the company launched a new round of equity incentives in 2022.
The \triangleright announcement, issuing a 2022 equity incentive scheme, proposed to award a total of 3.55 million shares, or 0.103 per cent of total equity, to 386 core staff, including the Senior Vice-President, Yukio Zhang.
The stock incentives match the previous rounds and bind the core executives. The \triangleright incentives, with the end-of-life equity incentives, target the chief executives are one senior vice president, Yukio Zhang, and 386 core cadres of staff.
The stratification strategy for large, medium-sized and small-scale enterprises is gradually moving forward, with a corresponding strategic and personnel adjustment to link the new executives with the company ' s direction through equity incentives, which are conducive to the corresponding business, looking forward to new products opening the market and the cloud transformation entering a critical phase.
As a result, high-quality development of the subscription business: arr to $1.65 billion, or 98% higher than 21h1; cloud subscription contract liabilities of $850 million, or 79% higher than the previous year. A high-quality cloud transformation is the key to the success of the saas model, with companies increasing their appraisal of subscription income over the 21 years, with subscription income as a percentage of the rise in the background.
Looking forward to 2022, the strategic-level product yombip is expected to complete further version changes with targeted increases; the newly released product u9c in 2021, which has opened up the market space for medium-sized enterprises; and the focus on the opening up of small and medium-sized enterprises.
The year 2022 is a crucial year for the transition with a friendly cloud, with high-speed and high-quality cloud growth, three levels of business lines running, the epidemic being contained, digitalization and nationalization opportunities. As cities like Shanghai and Beijing announce,
The impact of the epidemic is expected to fade since April 2022, and the computer industry is expected to catch up in the third quarter of 2020. For friends, the figure set in 2022 is: the stress of the epidemic is strong, focusing on heavy cloud products.
It's good for companies to make orders, and they're looking forward to a smooth cloud transformation, growth, a focused high-quality cloud transformation, and a digital economic dividend.
The Chinese leader, Saas, is the leader. 3. Use Friends Network (600588), event review: Set ground, \triangleright
Start a new chapter on digital transformation 4. Use the Friends Network (600599), which is 6/5/4 times the number of years. The user is the leader of our erp software saas, and the current number of pelts is significant.
5. Using the Friends Network (600588), the three-quarterly review of 2021: Underestimating, as cloud transformation gains gradually emerge, the company’s valuation is expected to be repaired and a “recommended” rating maintained.
Cloud operations have increased in speed and quality, and q4 tables are expected to decline; the heavy-pound product, lonbip, has not progressed as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to research findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.