Quarterly review in 2022: q1 epidemic has a low impact, research assistant has a high income profile for the year, and performance targets for the year remain the same.
The faster growth was accompanied by a certain optimization of the business income structure. 2022q1 generated $1.27 billion, or 20.1 per cent, of the year-on-year revenue from the friendly cloud plus software, of which $750 million, or 44.3 per cent, was collected from the cloud.
The business-side business continues to grow strongly, with income certainty associated with large customer advantage. 2022q1 large customer markets earn $814 million, compared to +19.9%, and yonbip’s new generation of treasury products is in place.
The number of companies delivering certifications increased by more than 60 per cent; small and medium-sized clients earned $203 million and $161 million, respectively, a significant increase compared to the same period last year, as a result of the restructuring of the company ' s resources into business operations.
Distribution, in a critical situation of disease prevention and control, the Government and other public organizations collected $90 million, or 31.8 per cent, compared to 1,180 million dollars at the end of the enterprise, which remained at a high rate of 27.6 per cent, reflecting the company's income structure, which is dominated by large clients, and which is still protected by the epidemic.
Multiple initiatives to reduce the impact of the epidemic. On the one hand, friends actively adapt their thinking and approach to work by increasing online marketing, while also enhancing client awareness of products and raising the awareness of potential clients through a immersion and multi-scenario approach; and, on the other hand, by making extensive use of the rpa technology, combining remote solutions.
In addition, speed up cloud service products, achieve four major technological breakthroughs, such as the yks/yms cloud intermediate technology, and continuously enhance the capacity of the yonbip cloud platform; and further strengthen public cloud suits.
The market for goods is being promoted to improve the competitiveness of enterprises while responding to the epidemic, and to create a sustainable distribution of the power sources of the Friends Network (600588), which was displayed in 2022.
A quarterly review of the impact of the q1 epidemic has been small, expanding the company’s ecology and strengthening strategic partnership development and support.
The market application city of Yunstore has accumulated more than 10000 subscribers, accumulated on-the-market Eco-Integration Program 129, actively promoting market penetration.
The development platform, yonbuilder, has been marketed for 10 items of cloud-based raw products, the model of a strong developer has worked, the process of nationalization has been as successful as the strategic opportunity of nationalization in an international context, where companies, with the advantage of large customers, will be able to build on the benefits of the new technology.
Keeping up and building on the growth momentum that has been built up in the past quarter to achieve high growth in the publicly owned services of small and medium-sized enterprises, we look forward to the development and performance of the Yonbip platform carrying a friend “platform” plus a “live-state” strategy and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Toshio Securities Company Ltd. already has portfolio investments.