On 30th of April 2022, a friend network increased its revenue by 20.1% from cloud-plus software.
\triangleright \triangleright, 29 April evening, 2022 - Quarterly report, 22q1 achieving operating income of $1,279 million, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers of $393 million, compared to -13 million during the same period last year; net profit on deductions of 3.62 per cent
At the time of the transition, revenues from cloud services increased by 45.1 per cent over the same period, with the company ' s overall revenue \triangleright in the first quarter of 2022 showing a positive growth trend, also showing the resilience of using amity cloud operations. The contractual liabilities associated with cloud operations were realized.
1.715 billion yuan, an increase of 8.5 per cent from the end of last year, and 961 million yuan in subscription-related contract liabilities, representing a decrease of 94.1 per cent from the end of last year, continued steady progress in the separation of software and financial operations.
\triangleright structure shows that large companies earn 472 million yuan, 29.1 per cent more than the previous year; medium-sized enterprises still earn 89 million dollars, which is still the base of their friends, with 60 per cent increase in the amount of contracts signed by the company's mega-clients in one quarter, while continuing the fees.
The rate reached 108%, and with the continued grinding of yombep products, large-scale corporate cloud services are the cornerstone of the company’s growth in cloud business. On the other hand, medium-sized enterprises’ revenues from cloud services increased by over 100% over the same period, largely thanks to the introduction of u9c in 2021, companies’ continuing breakthroughs in the medium-sized enterprise market, and are expected to become more important in 2022.
Increased investment in the critical period of transition, with the profit margin still under pressure. The growth of corporate losses in the first quarter \triangleright is mainly related to the expansion of people in 2021. The current critical period of cloud transformation requires increased research and development.
The amount of inputs is also needed to increase the size of the workforce in terms of product sales and project implementation. Given the seasonal distribution of company income and the equal remuneration of staff, the deficit is largely in line with expectations during the quarter.
In particular, the growth rate of cloud operations continues to be a key indicator for companies today. Launching a new chapter on digital transformation.
The number of Chinese pioneers is 6/5/4 times the amount of ps. The user is the leader of our erp software saas.
\triangleright 5. Friends Network (6005588): Hand over bright responses in the first half of the year, down; heavy-pound product yonbip R&D is not progressing as expected.
Accelerating the seizure of large business markets The methodology and analytical logic of the study leads to findings, independent and objective production of the report and accountability for its content and views. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.