Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Cloud operations are growing rapidly and market environment opportunities are greater than the challenge of disposing of the one-time gain from the smooth and easy payment of shares in Technology Ltd. in Beijing.
q1 cloud + software earns $1.27 billion, y/y20.1 per cent, of which the cloud earns $750 million, y/y45.1 per cent, and the cloud earns 59 per cent, y/y/y
2. "Step-level operations are effective, ecological construction is a major market technology for long-distance delivery. The size of the population in transition expands, balancing income growth and profitability goals throughout the year.
The performance of stratification has been remarkable, increasing product power. Large-scale firms earn 472 million yuan, y/y29.1%, a renewal rate of 108%, breaking through the Tri-Feds Group, the Chinese salt industry, and the Chinese Agricultural Bank.
• High-speed growth is expected with the release on 30 July of a new accounting version of lonbip;
(a) The expansion of growth-oriented client coverage in yonsuite; the continuation rate of 73 per cent for micro-enterprises, which is low, mainly due to the natural growth or demise of customers, is expected to recover gradually as the epidemic subsides and work resumes;
The company’s large clients have a strong edge, with more than 60% growth in corporate client orders. Large customers are more resilient in uncertain markets, and the new version of yonbip involves external connections, high frequency, high cost control, reimbursement, procurement, etc.
The allergies of euphemism are expected to capture the digital transformation of large firms + the demand for national production alternatives. Companies bring together assv partners, strengthen eco-business, and assv partners have more than 1,000 partners, working with more than 10 major plant clouds and primary development. We look at the company’s future, and expect to generate 50% more of the cloud’s income over the next three years.
• Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment