Research Centre for Resources and the Environment (CREDEE) Mandarin Chemical Report (II): Analysis of mdi industry operating patterns mdi market space and technical barriers. Polyurethane materials are flexible and rigid, in multiple collars.
In 2019, the market for polyurethane was more than 22 million tons, the market space was 63 billion euros, and demand in Asia and the Pacific accounted for more than 48 per cent of total demand. mdi is an important raw material for synthetic polyurethane, usually synthesized by photogas, with high technical barriers, and its capacity is currently concentrated in all China.
At the global level, Asia and Europe account for 80% of global production, Europe for mdi is in a balanced position, and Asia and the Middle East for mdi’s output is larger than demand and net exports of mdi;
In the Americas, the demand for mdi is greater than the capacity to produce, and the mdi is partly dependent on imports.
The difference between North America and Western Europe, where 50 per cent of consumption is concentrated mainly in construction, and China, where the largest consumption of polymer mdi is in refrigerators and freezers, which together account for about 44 per cent of the total; China, where pure mdi consumption is concentrated on sole soles; and China, where polyurethane products are produced at a very high price.
tpu, slurry, ammonia, etc., accounted for 27%, 24%, 23%, and 19% respectively. Refrigerator exits increased by 25.46% in 2020, especially 50% in the second half of the year, driving mdi to 3.
In terms of new applications in the country, mdi will have important applications in the future in the arcade-free and outer wall-protected materials, and as the anthropocentricity of the anthropomorphic senses deepens, we believe that mdi has taken the lead in spreading the plating tablet at a penetration rate of 5%, bringing about 5.22 million tons of mdi demand per year, while the man-made plate as a whole has been created.
4. " Polyurethane products are at a very high price, and the company ' s profit-bearing potential replacement needs for mdi are up to millions of tonnes; if the exterior heating material is gradually extended, the increase in the demand for mdi per year in the exterior heating area is estimated at about 6550,000 tonnes based on a penetration rate of 5%.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, with high R & D inputs with the advantage and cost advantage of a well-developed industrial chain in mdi.
Industrial parks and Ningpo industrial parks have well-developed industrial chains that address the issue of mdi by-product hydrochloric acid, and the upstream industrial chain extends up to the upper part of the glycerine, salt, coal, creating better circular economies and cost advantages. Companies have significant advantages in raw materials, labour, energy consumption, depreciation, etc.
See, a single ton has a cost advantage of $1,000-2000 compared to other domestic devices.
Volatile risk: projects such as new corporate materials have not progressed as expected.I. Polyurethane materials have been widely used, demand has grown steadily, 1.1 polyurethane has soft and hard sector structures, and applications are diversified
Polyurethane (polyurethane, short pu) is an organic high molecular material that is reflected in polythycyanate (ocn-r-nco) and polyol (ho-r1-oh) and has multiple chains of ammonia (r-nh-c).
Polyurethane, so called polyurethane (PUR), has soft and hard parts in the PUR structure, the plastic properties and strength of PUR are determined mainly by its hard segment nature, and the rubber properties and elasticity of PUR are determined mainly by its soft segment nature.
Polyurethane materials are often manufactured using a chain-wide agent, i.e., a small molecule, binol, which forms an amino-methylate ester group, and a dichloride, which forms an amino-methylate group, which in the pu structure is called a hard section, while the chain consisting of polyols is called a soft segment, so that polyurethane is multiple.
Soft and multiple hard sections are formed in embedded form. The pu-material is the only synthetic high-molecular material in all high-molecular materials that currently have value in seven areas: plastics, rubber, foams, fibres, coatings, glues and high-moleculars.
Material can be produced by changing the chemical structure of different feedstocks, specification indicators, varieties, formulation ratios to produce products with varying properties and uses, polyurethane, like other high molecular materials, whose performance is influenced by a variety of factors, including the basic composition of the main chain molecules, relative molecular quality, fractions
So there are differences in performance between polyurethanes produced from different raw materials, and the selection of different chains and combinations will affect performance to varying degrees.
Materials are the most diverse, widely used and fastest-growing special organic synthesis material in high molecular materials. Pu-specific applications include wall temperature protection materials (hard bubbles), sofa fillings (soft bubbles), ammonia (optics), plastic runways (elastics), glues, paints, etc., which are widely used.
In the areas of construction, furniture, appliances, shoes, etc., polyurethane materials have a long industrial chain and polycyanate (-nco) containing polycyanate, active hydrogen polyether polyol and polyester polyols, and small-chain agent II are the main raw materials for synthetic polyurethane.
Metaols. Polythycrylates are mainly diphenylmethane diocyanate (mdi), methylenedioxycyanate (tdi), organic diocyanate (adi), polymer polyols are mainly polyether polyols, polyester polyols, and polyols are predominantly 1.4-butadiols (bdos), 1.6-hexadiates.
Figure 2: Summary of the chains of the polyurethane industry 1.2 Stable growth of the polyurethane market  Growing demand for polyurethane predominantly in the Asia-Pacific region 2019. Total market size of polyurethane market 2019
More than 22 million tons with a market value of 63 billion euros, 1,044 million tons of polyurethane production in the Asia-Pacific region, accounting for almost 54 per cent of global production, and more than 48 per cent of total demand in the Asia-Pacific region. According to Junpenrice, the Global Vice-President of PUR Operations of Taurug Chemical Corporation, PUR, demand is expected to increase at a normal rate.
At 1.7 times the gdp rate, polyurethane demand increases at a higher rate than gdp, which can replace a variety of materials such as wood, metals, rubber, on the one hand, and polyurethane consumption in developing countries, on the other hand, which continues to increase and the demand for polyurethane (pu) is increasing. The world polyurethane is expected to disappear in the coming years.
At an average annual rate of about 5 per cent, global consumption of pu will increase from 22 million tons in 2019.
▪ Polyhexylacetate plays an important role in the synthesis of polyurethane materials, which can be classified according to molecular structure as fat, lip ring and aromatic isocyanate, which is currently the most used, and diphenylmethane diocyanate (mdi), which is the most produced and widely used.
The mdi has 4,4'-,2,4'- and 2,2'-isomers, of which 4,4'-mdi predominates, 2,4'-mdi and 2,2'-mdi do not have separate industrialization products.
Polymeric mdi is mainly used in refrigerators, freezers, adhesives and sealants, cars, pipes, panels, sprays, refrigerated containers, coal mine fillings, water heaters, imitators, etc.
▪ Current production methods of mdi are divided mainly into photogas and non-luminous gas methods, which are commonly used in industry as liquid photogas. The photogas approach is the production of diphenylmethane dichloride (mda) using benzidine and formaldehyde to react under acid catalysts, and then the mda reacts to photogas into 4.4'-mdi, 2.4'-mdi and 2.2'--
mdi or mixed mdi, which is then distilled and obtained from different brands pure mdi and polymer mdi. The barriers to production of liquid phase gas are high and the core technology is currently in the hands of a few enterprises.
Hydrogen chloride, by-product, corrosion on equipment, makes production devices expensive, technically complex and environmentally polluting. Moreover, chlorine-containing compounds in products are not easily separated, resulting in low rates and quality of pure mdi products, which affect the quality of products.
Non-luminous methods are important research directions, but they have not yet been industrialized. Currently, non-luminous methods are being studied by firms and research units both at home and abroad, but they are at the experimental stage of research and development, and the non-luminous methods are now relatively promising: dmcamine and urea.
The dmc amide solution consists mainly of three steps: a synthesizing phenylaminomethylate (mpc) with carbonate (dmc) and amphetamine as feedstock; and a condensation of 2mpc with formaldehyde to 4.4'-diphenylmethane diamino methate (mdu): 3mdu decomposition is sufficient to produce mdi.
The urea method is divided into four main steps: a low-priced urea-benzene (dpu); 2dpu and methanol-combined mpc; 3mpc and formaldehyde constriction resulting in diphenylmethane diaminomethylate (mdc); and 4mdc catalytic thermal decomposition preparedness mdi.
By-product ammonia can be returned to synthetic ammonia systems, mdi combined with synthetic ammonia and urea production, and green synthetic processes can be “zero-emissions.”  Global mdi production capacity in 2021 was about 9.67 million tons, with global supply monopolistic on Mandarin, Kostov,
In the hands of a small number of manufacturers, including Bassov, Tods, Hensmae and others, the production capacity of Cr5 is 91%, and HD1 is the world’s largest supplier of mdi, accounting for about 27% of global capacity. China is the world’s largest producer of mdi, with a total of 3.96 million tons of domestic capacity, accounting for 41% of the world’s total, and HD1 million.
The share of domestic capacity is about 58%. Figure 9: European capacity ratio. Figure 10: Asian capacity ratio.
Figure 11: Capacity-sharing in the Americas Figure 12: Middle East capacity-sharing as a major contributor to global mdi production in Asia and Europe, with Asia and Europe as a major contributor to global production
80% of the capacity, with Asian capacity accounting for 52% of global capacity. Europe’s mdi is in a balance of production, and mdi production can meet Europe’s local mdi demand; Asia’s and Middle East region’s mdi production capacity is larger than demand, leading to mdi’s net exports; and America’s mdi demand is greater than production, achieving it.
Net imports of mdi. Chart 13: Distribution of global production and demand III. Extension of applications leads to steady growth of mdi demand and an orderly supply end
3.1 Repeated historical cycle: in the 1990s, mdi production technology was in the hands of a few companies, including Bayer, Bassov, Hensmeyer and Tods, with limited downstream applications and a global consumption of only 2 million tons.
Right, after 2000, companies such as Basff expanded their production, while wanhua chemistry expanded the production of 10,000 tons of devices imported from Japan in the 1980s to 60,000 tons, accompanied by an increase in capacity, a gradual easing of supply, and a steady increase in mdi demand from 2001 to 2004, but global production remained at about 3 million tons/year.
The price of mdi continues to rise in the face of demand. Starting in 2005, mdi entered a concentration of production capacity, including 160,000 tons in Van Ningbo and 240,000 tons in Unanimous I. The price of mdi continued to fall, along with the increase in production in the overseas Tobasf.
At the same time, the global financial crisis of 2009 led to a global recession, a reversal of demand growth in mdi, and a return to the bottom of the cycle in 2009-2010.
In 2014, with the completion of the 600,000-ton expansion in Van Ningbo, Chongqing was able to lower the mdi price again. Global mdi capacity grew slowly in 2017, accompanied by shortages of Koth’s raw materials, Bassov’s production.
A series of factors, such as the explosion of European factories, the cosmopolitan Europe and the Basfe United States of America, led to a rapid increase in the price of mdi supply stages. After 2018, with the release of 400,000 tons of sadara capacity, UPC completed its expansion of 240,000 tons, adding to the trade conflict.
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, global mdi demand declined, aggregate mdi market prices hit a low of $10450 per tonne in April, and pure mdi market prices fell by $13,000 per tonne in mid-May.
In late 2020, as the epidemic improved, production resumed in the US and Europe regions, and demand for the end was gradually rising, leading to an increase in the production of mdi. In early 2021, the North American region was affected by the cold weather, and the mdi was experiencing force majeure.
This has led to a further tightening of mdi supply and a constant upturn in mdi prices. At this point, we believe that the current sales of overseas automobiles, home appliances and real estate are good and effective support for mdi demand; and that the mdi industry is doing well, and we expect that the aggregate mdi will cost 15,000 yuan per ton.
3.2mdi downstream demand continues to grow, overseas demand is concentrated in construction, and domestic demand is concentrated in refrigerators. Global mdi consumption has increased at a certain annual rate. Global mdi consumption has increased at an overall rate over the past 20 years, except during the 2008 global economic crisis when mdi consumption declined significantly.
Between 6 and 7 per cent, the global gdp growth rate has stabilized at around 3 to 4 per cent, and the mdi consumption rate has increased at about twice the rate of gdp. A quantitative calculation of the global gdp cagr for 2010-2018 was 3 per cent and the mdi consumption cagr 6.3 per cent.
Regionally, the Asia-Pacific region is the largest consumer of mdi in the world, accounting for 42 per cent of consumption, with the share of consumption in China being 30 per cent; in Europe, 31 per cent of consumption in the world; and in the Americas, 28 per cent.
Mdi consumption increased from 2.2 million tons in 2012 to 3.1 million tons in 2017, while mdi cagr reached 7.10 per cent and gdp cagr in the region 4.33 per cent; North American mdi consumption increased from 1 million tons in 2012 to 1.4 million tons in 2017.mdi
The level of consumption was 5.15 per cent for cagr and 2.17 per cent for gdp; the level of consumption in Europe, the Middle East and Africa increased from 1.8 million tons in 2012 to 2.1 million tons in 2017, while the level of consumption was 4.36 per cent for mdi and 1.91 per cent for gdp.
▪ Global mdi start-up rate of around 80 per cent in 2019, total production of about 7.43 million tons, 1.68 per cent more than in 2018, demand growth mainly from emerging markets such as India and the Middle East, global mdi consumption of about 7.2 million tons in 2020, mainly due to the continued impact of the epidemic, with consumption increasing at the rate of mdi consumption
For a pattern of doubling the growth rate of gdp, global mdi consumption is expected to continue at around 5% in the coming years, with more than 300,000 tons of new mdi consumption per year worldwide. Thanks to the speciality of the construction structure in Europe and the United States and the implementation of the energy efficiency bill, polyurethane materials are in the construction sector.
The application has already taken over half of the wall; the largest applications in the country are in refrigerator freezers, ammonia, slurry, and shoe background fluids.
Figure 19: Global downstream demand structure 3.3 Main downstream application analysis for domestic polymer mdi. Nearly 44% of China ' s downstream applications are used in refrigerators and freezers. China is a freezer for refrigerators.
The global manufacturing centre has a large export volume; the second largest application area is the automobile industry; the third is the glue and sealant; the fourth is the pipeline; and the fifth is the plate. China’s downstream consumption of polymer mdi is concentrated in three regions: East China, North China, and South China, where the consumption of mdi accounts for national aggregates.
Of the 95% of the total consumption of mdi downstream, 40% of the country's consumption is in the east of China. White home appliances such as refrigerators, freezers, etc. are post-real estate products. Refrigerator freezers sales are significantly influenced by the weather in the real estate market.
Domestic buying of goods housing and upgrading of old refrigerators for new consumption groups, refrigerator sales closely related to the housing landscape, 96.16 per cent for 2010-2019 in the United States and 96.16 per cent for 2005-2020 in China.
85.26 per cent; real estate is influenced by the country ' s macro-regulations, with a more cyclical nature, and real estate has a delayed impact on the white-coloured household power industry, about four months.
Figure 25: The same ratio of sales in Chinese merchandise houses to sales in refrigerators Figure 26: Proposed comparison of sales in Chinese merchandise houses with sales in refrigerators
In the online regression, the value of the regression square and the ratio to the total deviation square is equal to the value of the coefficient square. It is a measure of how well the estimated regression equation should fit.
There was a huge demand for refrigerators. In the past, Europe and America used to buy them once a week, but the amount and frequency of purchases were affected during the epidemic, so it became very important to choose a second refrigerator, or to add a large-capacity refrigerator.
Local refrigerator manufacturers in Europe and America are having difficulty starting work; China is the first country in the world to be affected by the epidemic, power producers have been able to resume production in an orderly manner, and China is almost the only country in the world to be able to make a stable refrigerator. Fifty-three% of our foreign refrigerators are exported to Europe and the United States, which is our refrigerator.
The total production of domestic refrigerators in China for the entire year 2020 was about 90,140,000 units, an increase of 14 per cent over the year; exports were about 69,540,000 units, an increase of 25,46 per cent over the same year, and exports of refrigerators reached a 50 per cent increase in the second half of 2020.
Since the epidemic continues to affect overseas, it will take longer to restore social order abroad after the introduction of the vaccine, the supply chain abroad will be difficult to recover for a short period of time, the transfer of overseas production capacity to China has not changed, and the growth of foreign demand for refrigerators and freezers has led to an increase in demand for mdi.
Automobiles: Aggregate mdi products are used mainly in car accessories such as cushions, back-to-backs, pillows, dashboards, roof sheds, inside doors, steering wheels, handrails, large sieges, etc., in mixed systems with tdi, liquefied mdi and modified mdi products, most of which are high-balled t/m systems.
There is a tendency towards 5:5 and there has been a further increase in the demand for polymermdi.A mid-level domestic car would probably require 15-20kg polyurethane material and a polymer mdi.
About 5kg, it can be calculated that in 2020 we consumed about 13,66 million tons of polymer mdi in cars, motorcycles, refrigerated trucks and railway vans.
The total domestic consumption of polymer mdi for the glue and seal industries in 2019 was about 1298 million tons, an increase of 8 per cent from its consumption in 2018.
3.4 National pure mdi main downstream application analysis. Pure mdi industries are mainly downstream of slurry (man-made tan), soles of shoes, ammonia and tpu. The above-mentioned four downstream applications account for 93 per cent of total net mdi downstream consumption; market owners
To concentrate on Zhejiang, Jiangsu, and Fujian, businesses in these areas have been relocated mainly from the old Wenzhou enterprises, where pure mdi consumption accounts for 74% of the country’s pure mdi consumption. Sulp: For nearly three years, the slurry industry has been able to produce more than 3.5 million tons.
In contrast, the slurry industry has an excess capacity. Slurry businesses are located mainly in South and Central China, especially in clusters of enterprises that are located below the slurry, such as Fujiang and Zhejiang provinces, where shoe clothing is concentrated.
China’s pulp producers are estimated to have more than 60, and 60% of the enterprises are concentrated in the Zhejiang Wenzhou and Fujian Quanzhou regions, where the Sasakawa Group and the Hua Feng Group are currently China’s largest producers of pulp.
Shoe bottom: At present, there are about 25 manufacturers of the poo soles in China, of which the China Peak Group accounts for 54% of the market share; the overall price of the shoe bottom fluids has remained stable.
Ammonium: The domestic ammonia industry has a clear “head effect” of 45% or more. As head enterprises continue to expand, dominant head firms will take over the market at lower costs, the old production capacity of small enterprises will be eliminated, and industry concentration will increase further.
tpu: China is the world’s largest producer of tpu, currently in the Chinese market, dominated by Manchuria, Hua Feng, Merrill, Basv, Hensmeyer, Smokey Obang, Dong Xiaohongde.
And Lubun, these eight companies account for more than 74% of the country’s total sales of tpu. Of this, Huanhua chemistry is the country’s largest producer of tpu, which accounts for nearly 18% of total production and a market share of 25%. Some of the high-end tpu products are concentrated in Basf, Coth.
Gene, Hensmeyer and Luborun, which enter China through imports. Figure 36: Domestic tpu capacity
Growth in modern agriculture, soft packaging, cold chains, automobiles, etc. will boost the demand for polyurethane; growth in the ammonia, combined wood products, tpu thermal plastics elastomers, infrastructure construction, refrigerators, buildings, etc., will remain relatively stable;
Developments in the furniture, footwear, man-made tannery, etc. are affected by the epidemic, with a limited rate of increase. Figure 38: Substream polyurethane industries that will accelerate growth in the future: 3.5 unaldehyde demand opens up a new round of demand growth in mdi
▪ The panels consist mainly of plywood, fibreboard, chipboard and others in category 4 and are used mainly in the area of wood products such as furniture, architectural decorations, flooring, etc.
Figure 40: The area of downstream application of man-made panels is dominated by furniture. The annual growth in production of man-made plates in our country was 10.33 per cent of the annual composite growth rate in the last decade of 2010-2019. In 2019, the production of man-made plates in our country reached 309 million cubic metres.
The mdi ellipse is an environmentally friendly sheet made of a non-cyanate glucose agent that releases formaldehyde. The man-made glucose agent, typically glucose and phenol glucose, is used. Traditional resins release formaldehyde slowly in the natural environment, while the resin hydrolysis accelerates at high temperatures and humidity and releases more.
A formaldehyde, a process that can last for decades, can cause persistent contamination of the indoor environment. Hence, mdi glues are produced in the environment, and mdi ellipses are created. mdi glues are themselves highly polar and active, can react to wood and can also be used in the environment.
It reacts to the water in the wood. So the glue of mdi without formaldehyde is stronger and more water-resistant. When the same glue is used in traditional man-made panels, the glue content of mdi without formaldehyde is less and the heat pressure is shorter.
Zero formaldehyde is released with zero releases of benzene, volc, and zero harm to human health. As environmental requirements become more stringent in the future, and health is increasingly valued, consumers are more inclined to buy healthy and safe aldehyde-free products, and mdi analex will gradually replace traditional resin glues.
▪ At present, 66.67% of the non-dehyde-added plate glue use is polyurethane, 22.22% is soybean, and 11.11% of the other non-dehyde-added glues are used. In terms of the panel type, the current plating system is dominated, with 81.82% of the enterprises being used, followed by fibre-optics.
Vegetables, only a very small number of enterprises use plywood and wood panels.
Level e0 general plate-plating requires 98 kg of glue per cubic metre at a unit price of $2,100/t, followed by a 15-m3 solidant additive of approximately $220.8/m3 per cubic metre; 25 kg of analized glue per cubic metre for a single price of $18,000/t, approximately 450/m3;
As living standards improve, environmental protection, safety, and health become the focus of consumer attention, and the prevailing paralysing of formaldehyde has led to a lack of trust in environmental building materials, with plans to test formaldehyde in 2019.
88.1 per cent of the population tested for formaldehyde: according to the results of the tests, the rate of qualification for the renovated and second hand rooms was almost zero, 12.7 per cent and 2.3 per cent respectively for the ready-made and furry rooms.
There is a great potential market for 80, 90 anti-alcoholics.
Figure 46: Marriage and residence of the redecorated population in China in 2019 Chart 47: Types of dwellings renovated in China in almost one year in 2019
Shinikawa Bay, push the watch crowd, the Jianchun pillar.
In 2020, China needed 40,000-50,000 tons of ellipses, and in the future, artificial panels needed space for mdi: (1) density of ellipses: 750-800 kg/m3, we selected 775 kg/m3; (2) 4-5% mdi for 1m3 nonaldelates, 775 kg for 1m3 and 1m3 nonaldehyde plates.
The mdi of 31-38.75kg is required, and the mdi of 35 kg is required for the selection of 1m3 non-aldehyde plates; (3) in 2019, the production of man-made plates was 3,08.59 million cubic metres, of which 29.8 million cubic metres were produced by chipboards, and mdi was the first to apply in the plate.
3.6 70 per cent of the potential market in the area of building temperature preservation for lost outside heat in buildings originates from their surrounding structures, with heat losses from the outer walls and windows accounting for about half of the total loss.
Performance, reducing the heat dissipated through the perimeter structure, i.e. raising the energy-saving parameters of building materials, is an effective means of further reducing consumption. After the 1970s, there was a general emphasis on the production and use of warm materials in buildings, abroad.
Some developed countries have imposed energy-saving standards in new construction, and have sought to reduce environmental pollution and greenhouse effects by significantly reducing energy consumption from sources.
Material with the lowest coefficient, only 0.018 w/(mk). With equal heat protection, it uses the thinest material thickness in the same group. In the closed structure of polyurethane hard bubbles, the concentration rate is more than 95%, which makes the material extremely waterproof.
Thermal insulation allows the space protected by it to be in a good insulation environment, which is not comparable to other heat-keeping materials.  The primary applications of polyurethane-resistance materials in our country are for building outer walls, general spatial measurements and counterfeits in towns and rural areas.
(1) In 2020, housing construction was completed at 9.82.18 million square metres and 293.21 million square metres in urban and rural areas, respectively; (2) the less complex exterior walls are usually 7-8 per cent of the building area, and we occupy the buildings according to the exterior walls.
70% of area calculated: (3) PUR plywood thickness in the domestic market is in the range of 50-100 mm, assuming average thickness (4) PUR plywood density: 35-45kg/m3, with 40 kg/m3 selected for calculation;
(5) The mass ratio of combined polyethers and mdi is 1:1.1; In recent years, a series of national standards and regulations have been working to improve energy conservation objectives and have helped to promote the use of polymer mdi in the field of temperature preservation of the outer walls of buildings.
3.7 Future production capacity of mdi is on the order of tons (including bc capacity), with a city share of nearly 27%, becoming the global leader of the mdi industry. According to published information, future company construction of 400,000 tonnes/year capacity is also planned, and we expect to follow.
As the company expansion program progresses, companies increasingly control the mdi market.  Future global mdi expansion regions are concentrated mainly in Asia and the Americas, with Asia and America accounting for 53%, 42%, and Asia and America, respectively, for 53%, while Asia and America account for 54% of the increase in global output.
Energy expansion: overall energy change in Europe is modest. Figure 58: Comparison of capacity in the Americas, 2020-2028 (tonnes)
4.1 Continued R & D inputs. Breaking through the mdi technological process and continuously optimizing. In 1984, Man-hua chemistry introduced 10,000 tons of mdi old production lines from Japan, when real capacity reached only 70-80%, under the full technology blockade of the international giants, in 1994, company and Qingdao Chemical Engineering.
The Institute cooperated in the development of 20,000 tons of annual manufacturing technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, breaking the monopoly of technology in the industry and becoming the world’s sixth largest company with core production technologies. By 30 years, Manchuria completed the development of mdi technology from autonomous research and development to technological breakthroughs to leading global development.
The company is now in the forefront of the industry with the latest generation of mdi technology.
▪ The Mdi production expansion route of the company, with the exception of the original production line and the production lines of the smoke station industrial park, Ningbo I and II, is mostly based on technological upgrading for expansion, the use of national production equipment to replace imported equipment, the increased efficiency of the use of public equipment, the efficient saving of funds and the strengthening of the enterprise's investment advantages.
The company, in conjunction with the long-chain process of polyurethane production, procures only primary raw materials in the industrial chain such as coal, salt, benzene, lpg, coal-chemicals, salinators, petrochemicals coordination layouts, efficient distribution of intermediate raw gas such as hydrogen, chlorine, carbon oxide, etc., to achieve a high level of self-sufficiency of raw materials in the production line and to effectively reduce the cost of raw materials in the product.
At the same time, the company recycled waste salt water from mdi production for chlor-alkali feedstocks, introduced the Hcl Oxygen process, engaged part of the hydrochloric acid oxide in photogas production, reprocessed the production of sludge into construction materials, fully enhanced material efficiency and effectively addressed waste production.
In addition, the company’s supply of heat and electricity in the park has increased significantly as the production line has been enriched, adding efficiency to the use of public equipment such as energy, and building cost advantages in the production of products. At the same time, the company’s roots have expanded reasonably according to the existing production lines, and diversified production of products such as pc, bdo, etc.
4.2 Refine the industrial chain to solve the problem of by-product hydrochloric acid  Use of chlorine gas and toxic light gas in the process of photogasification, resulting in a large amount of production
hci, and how do these by-products, which ultimately contain a large number of hydrolysable chlorinated compounds that cannot be separated, are a headache for mdi production plants? The methods currently used are: hydrochloric acid oxidation (Mwanhua technology, friendship technology), hydrochloric acid electrolysis (Bael-wood hydrochloric acid electrolysis technology), salt.
The main raw materials for mdi are benzidine, formaldehyde, photogas, etc., in which the amphetamine is partly produced through outsourcing and partly prepared through benzene;
formaldehyde is produced by co and h2 and methanol is further catalysed to produce formaldehyde; the primary primary source of light gas is chlorine gas, which is matched by chlorine gas from Ningpo chlor-alkali (assuming a 75 per cent start rate for mdi and a production of 900,000 tons for 1.2 million tons of mdi devices, 450,000 tons of chlorine and 520,000 for Ningbo-Wan-Wan-Wan-Han-Han-Hin production capacity)
Tons for production of 0.886 tonnes of chlorine by-product of 100 tonnes of filamentary alkaline, corresponding to a chlorine gas production of 460,000 tonnes.  Wanhua Chemical (Ningbo) currently has 1.2 million tonnes of mdi capacity, assuming a 75% start-up rate, approximately 450,000 tonnes of hydrogen chloride and 1 million tonnes of salt used water per year per 900 000 mdi produced
Chlorine by-products. Hydrochloride by-products are addressed mainly through pvc, epoxy chlorpropane, and chlorinated hydrogen catalytic chlorine gas devices. KNingbo produces 300,000 tonnes per year of pvc, which currently uses 190,000 tonnes of hydrogen chloride (300,000 tonnes of pvc capacity) per year.
240,000 tons of hydrogen chloride are consumed according to 0.8 and theoretically required); in addition, the epoxy-chloropropane production company, the epoxy-based epoxy-chloropropane industry, consumes about 60,000 tons of hydrogen chloride per year (30,000 tons of epoxy-propane production capacity in epoxy phase I, 2 tons of epoxy-chloropropane production capacity, and the glycerine-based process uses epoxy-chloropropane theoretically for hydrogen chloride).
The remaining 200,000 tonnes of chlorinated hydrogen were converted to more than 18.33 tonnes of chlorine gas and reused into raw materials for light gas through the autonomous development of the chlorinated hydrogen catalytic oxidation chlorine gas device by the Manpower Chemical (Ningbo) Company.
The ethylene project is a good solution to the problem of by-product hydrochloric acid. Based on the raw material consumption of mdi, it consumes 0.75 per ton of benzidine monomer, 0.5-0.6 for chlorine gas monomer, 0.56-0.632 for flaring, and 0.311 for formaldehyde (44%) for formaldehyde and 0.178 for methanol.
The former mdi production capacity of 600,000 tons in Mandarin was assumed to be 75 per cent start-up and 600,000 tons production capacity was assumed to be 450,000 tons in response to mdi, which theoretically required 337.5 million tons of benzidine and 225,000 tons of chlorine gas (required with 254,000 tons of falcon); theoretically, 44 per cent of the concentration of 139.95 million tons of formaldehyde was required.
In February 2021, the smoke station ' s Mangamdi device was technologically modified, with capacity expanded from 600,000 to 1.1 million tons. In February 2021, the raw material package, with ethylene, was launched by the end of 2020.
The problem with mdi raw materials is solved very well. By-product hydrochloric acid treatment shows that smoke stations now produce 1.1 million tons of capacity, theoretically 550,000 tons of hydrochloric acid by-product, and 440,000 tons by-product if based on an 80% start rate. At present, smoke stations have 400,000 tons of pvc capacity. (40 million tons of pvc by-product capacity.)
0.8 The theory requires 320,000 tons of hydrogen chloride, while the remaining portion of hydrochloric acid can be addressed by oxidizing devices. 4.3 The cost advantage of HD2mdi is significant compared to domestic and overseas manufacturers.
Second, through continuous investment in technology research and development over the years, through incentives to internalize a culture of innovation in enterprises, relying on technological optimization and the replacement of domestically produced equipment, companies have developed a clear low-cost investment advantage: through integration, the production chain of polyurethane products, such as mdi, has been perfected
We split the cost of different millsmdi according to the E.C. Report and company announcements, and at the current level of raw material prices, we believe that the cost of the unicorn plants and the Ningbo plant mdi is comparable to the cost of the country.
Figure 67: Global mdi device cost curves  company to continuously refine mdi product types based on pure mdi, polymeromdi products
Liquefied mdi, hydromdi, modified mdi products, which enrich the downstream applications of existing products; on this basis, the company ' s full-scale aromatic icylates and fatty icylates produce a large variety of mdi and tdi layouts, while at the same time disaggregating products such as hdi, ipti, hmdi, etc.
The products also form the supply capacity, are a very small number of international integrated, system-wide suppliers of isocyanate, and provide integrated solutions for downstream applications.
The new project assumes that, with 500,000 tonnes of chemical-smoking plant expansion, Wandow will be the global leader of mdi, and the ability to control the whole industry will be further enhanced. As mdi expands in different applications, mdi
There is still some growth in demand, and we believe that mdi sales will continue to grow in the future (2) tdi:tdi tons of tdi capacity, and that prices for tdi products are expected to remain stable in the future.
As a contribution to full performance, according to the January 2021 report, the company increased its production of petrochemical products by 83.60 per cent on a year-on-year basis (24.24 per cent ring), leading to a significant increase in the company ' s petrochemical business products.
In the future, companies will continue to release products such as lemon formaldehyde, poe, nylon12, water coatings, positive materials, etc.
Considering the competitive advantage of companies in high-quality polyurethane races, with high and relatively stable surpluses, macroeconomic growth is lower than expected: the corporate business climate is more influenced by the macroeconomic situation in the country.
If macroeconomic growth is significantly lower than expected, the demand side of a company’s business may be affected. The risk of deteriorating competition patterns: if new entrants enter the mdi industry, the risk of falling product prices: if the global production of isocyanate is over-invested, or the global economy is growing at a high rate
Downwards, resulting in oversupply or less than expected growth in demand, higher supply of products than demand, and a significant drop in prices of product lines such as mdi. Risk of price volatility of raw materials: companies are now mainly purchasing benzene, lpg, coal and salt as an industrial chain
The main raw materials, of which benzene and lpg are subject to high price fluctuations, which would result in the profitability of the company’s polyurethane and petrochemical operations.The new materials project is less advanced than expected: the new materials project is a future project in which the company will invest.
The Division’s new materials project is not as expected, affecting the company’s future roll-out of new products and the company’s long-term growth.