Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre (CYERC) over-expected performance and cost escalation continued - 22 years semi-annual reviews
On August 29, Hale's semi-annual 22-year report was published. 2202 gross operating income was 61.6 billion yuan, equal to + 8 per cent, net profit to mothers was 4.4 billion yuan, same to + 17 per cent, deduction to mothers was $4.3 billion, equal to + 25 per cent. 22q1 harvest: 1) inward sales: smart family business in China + 13 per cent, q2 affected by the epidemic in Kasati
We still have the same harvest + 20%, and we're showing good results. Reduction of storage swings + digital tools reduces the cost rate, sales rate - 0.9 pct. The pre-loading channel is higher than it is, and the online channel is faster.
Deep cooperation, with 22h1 residential channels earning $5.1 billion (+66 per cent). 2) Outward sales: overseas household electricity and intelligence household business collection + 8 per cent, which grew well beyond the industry; operating profit margin of 5.9 per cent (+0.2 pt). United States market 2. Hale ' s Insight Report - Vision, Prospective
High-end brand revenues exceed 40%, marketed column embedded refrigerators, profile rollers, etc., many new items; manufacturing end vertical integration, with industrial chain integration at the Camden Waterr Plant in South Carolina.
+0.25 pct. The average price of companies under the high-end route continues to rise, and costs insist on efficient manufacturing, increasing the accuracy of demand forecasting on supply chains platforms and increasing the generality of spare parts to lower procurement costs. 2202 E.C. changes to improve the targeting of marketing resources. 2) Improved efficiency in distribution leads to higher stock turnover. 3)
Optimization of spare parts costs; increase in R & D costs due mainly to increased inputs in products and digitization; lower financial costs due mainly to increased interest income and exchange rate earnings; acquisition of group assets to further reduce associated transactions; limited public refrigerators for company affiliates in Harle, Qingdao;
The Division intends to buy 100% of the shares of Qingdao Special Plastics, owned by the Hale Group and its subsidiaries, at $4.95 million. This will help supplement the refrigerator’s home-made capacity and further reduce the day-to-day associated transactions.
On August 29th, Hair Jiji published a 22-year-long report on the prevention and control of the overseas epidemic, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the risk of rising raw materials, and the demand for the end.
22h1: Gross operating income of $121.9 billion, corresponding to +9 per cent, net profit of the mother of $7.9 billion, corresponding to +16 per cent, net profit of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother of the son of the mother of the mother of the man of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of the
Refrigerator: The high end share continues to rise, energy is embedded and fresh, and the freezer opportunity is seized. 22h1 achieved $21.7 billion, or +13 per cent. The share of price segments above 1.5w below the line reached 53.1 per cent, compared to +9.9 pct. Embedded products + 36 per cent, the average pull product price increased by over $1,000 and published Free Embedding Refrigerator
Standard 3.0; lead in the development of the International iec Refrigerator Saver Standard, which invents a substrate refrigeration system; captures the household ' s need for two refrigerators during the epidemic, with a freezer ' s income + 15%. Laundry & dryer: continuing advantages, dryer ' s up and running. Laundry machine 22h1 is collected.
14.8 billion yuan, or +14%. Introduction of new neutron and dry-cleaning machine items, company share of 10,000 yuan high-end market air conditioning: higher profitability, higher speed. Air conditioner 22h1 yields 19.5 billion yuan, or +10%. Partial air conditioner, higher-end market advantage, lower-line high-end market (4000+, cabinet)
The city has a 25.5 per cent rate (+6.3 pct). The reasons for the increase in profit margins are: 1) streamlining sku, 17 per cent improvement in efficiency; 2) upgrading the self-formulation ratio of the five major modules, such as circuit boards, and upgrading the capacity of the industrial chain integration. 3) Establishment of a full-process cost management committee to create a lean accounting model to reduce the value by more than $16 million.
On the plane side, the share of domestic sales is 15.9% (+1.55/pct) and the rate of sales increases are 32%. Commercial sales increase by 26%, mainly in energy-saving technologies; external sales increase by 32%, with heat pumps doubling, and rapid advances in the Americas and South-East Asia.
Household power: The heat is growing fast, and the heat pumper's advantage is clear. The heater and the clean water are generating an income of 6.8 billion yuan, a 15 per cent increase over the same period. The heat increase is 20 per cent, and the air heater double-line market is about 70 per cent. Cooking power: Casati continues to drive. The 22h1 kitchen camp collects $2 billion, compared to +11 per cent, significantly better than the industry.
Of this amount, Kassati earned 46%, dishwasher class + 27%. The share of retail sales under the cooking wire was 8%, compared to +1 pct. 313 three-wing bird smart kitchen shops were added to the 902-home town sink shop.
Operational effectiveness: Reduction of storage turnover + digital tools to reduce cost, sales cost - 0.9 pct. The front-loading channel ratio is higher and the online channel is growing faster. Working with Red Star, depth, 22h1 households earns $5.1 billion (+66%); on-line retail sales + 25%, forecast digital projects, plant directly through purchase orders
(b) Increased turnover in consumer stores, etc., and accelerated penetration of new platforms, such as twitching; the digitalization of specialized stores, with more than 8,000 outlets connected to digital platforms. 2) Outsourcing: 61.5 billion yuan, compared to + 8 per cent, of overseas electricity and smart family businesses, growing robustly and operating.
A profit margin of 5.9% (+0.2 pct) and continued cost-side optimization. American markets: high-end ups and ups and ups. 22h1 battalion, $37.4 billion, +6%. High-end branding over 40%, marketed column embedded refrigerators, profile rollers, etc.
The manufacturing end is vertically integrated, with an industrial chain integrated at the Camden Waterr Plant in South Carolina. European markets: the market share of intense competition has increased further. 10.2 billion yuan, or +13%, in 22H1 Battalion. According to gfk, Heir Europe accounts for 6.8%, or +0.5 pct. Romania ' s refrigerator capacity.
Step-by-step uphill, with a cumulative production of 200,000 units per year, driving the company’s share of embedded refrigerators up. Austro-New Zealand market: operating robustly, the exchange rate temporarily affected revenue collection.
South Asian markets: extra-heavy lead abroad, $4.8 billion in 22h1, compared to +23 per cent. India ' s share of the market 10.4 per cent (+1.2 pct), multi-brand strategy, increased channel coverage to 70 per cent, further increased efficiency in two major industrial parks; 37 per cent of Pakistan ' s market share (+2 pct).
FDRs, HTACs, etc.) + down channel (70% penetration in Level 3+), South-East Asian market: product master + health, $2.9 billion in Camp 22H1, compared to 12%. Channels are further refined, with emphasis on different countries: locking channels in Thailand + 40%, Fi
The end-of-the-line touch point + 51%; the line-to-line ratio rises, and retail sales on the South-East Asian line + 80%. (2) Profit-end: the logic of down payment continues to be realized and performance increases faster than revenue. 2202 Māori rises by 31,81% compared to +0.25 pt. Companies under high-end routes continue to increase their average prices, according to the Oviyun network.
22H1 Air-conditioning average + 3%/+1% below/line, Refrigerator average + 16%/+3% below/line, Laundry average + 6%/+9%. On the cost side, companies insist on sophisticated manufacturing, increasing demand for supply chain platforms Forecast accuracy rates, and increasing genericity of spare parts to reduce procurement costs.
Change to improve targeting of marketing resources. 2) Improved efficiency in distribution leads to an increase in inventory turnover. 3) Optimization of preparation costs; increase in R & D costs mainly due to increased inputs in terms of products and digitization; and lower financial costs.
(3) Operating capacity: The company received 65.8 billion yuan in cash for sales of 2202 goods, compared to 11 per cent, and the cash flow was good and smooth. 86 days of inventory turnover (an increase of 13 days from the same year), mainly increased raw materials. 2. Acquisition of assets of the group further reduced associated transactions
Heil Jiji's subsidiary, Qingdao Heil Special Refrigerator Limited, is planning to acquire 100% of the shares of the Qingdao Special Plastics Company, which is owned by the Heil Group, Caths, and Heil Engineering Development, for $4.95 million. When the deal is completed, the company will be the owner of Hal's Special Refrigerator. The acquisition will benefit Heir Special Electric Ice.
In 2022, the situation in the interior of the country remained critical.
The epidemic has repeatedly exceeded expectations, affecting the company’s operations to some extent. (2) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
3. The risk of rising prices for raw materials is still high. Raw materials are still in shock, white power is produced on a very large scale, and high prices of raw materials can be detrimental to corporate profitability. 4) The end demand is not as high as expected.
Consumption is generally weak and is still on the recovery path. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment