Wang Wei Chul, the domestic business is growing in reverse, the overseas business is robust, the high-end activity continues, and the net profit of 22h1 rises.
• Corporate performance: company 22h1 received $121.86 billion, yoy + 9.1%, net profit from the mother, with slightly better performance than expected. Of this, q2 earned $61.61 billion, y0y + 8.2%, net profit from the mother, $4.43 billion, yoy + 16.5%, net profit from the non-retroactivity from the mother, with 4.30 billion
▪ Reverse growth in domestic operations: (1) Against the backdrop of the 22h1 new crown epidemic and the decline in real estate sales, the country ' s electricity sector registered a 9.9 per cent decline in retail sales over the same period, while domestic domestic electricity grew in reverse terms, yielding revenues of $6.476 billion, yoy + 12.7 per cent, operating profits of $4.94 billion, yoy + 27.7 per cent, mainly for profit
The increase in the share of the various product groups and the rapid growth of the high-end Casati brand. (2) The specific sub-products show that the refrigerators, cooking power, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters and clean water generated $21.74 billion, respectively, and that the company’s high-end brand, Casati 22h1, increased by 20.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with q1 increasing by more than 30 per cent.
The q2 epidemic, which affected a decline in sales and distribution, recovered to over 20 per cent in June, and is expected to resume in the second half of the year. (3) Sub-channels, retail sales of specialized stores, on-line, and furniture and construction materials, yoy+8 per cent, +25 per cent, +66 per cent, optimized layout of online products, and with Red Star, United States of America.
There is a steady growth of the world as a whole, with a significant increase in the high-end brand of North America: corporate 22h1 overseas operations are receiving revenue, institutional investors account for a share of the liquidity.
In particular, 22h1 markets in the Americas, Europe, Australasia, South Asia, South-East Asia, Japan (in terms of RMB), yoy + 6.0%.
Brand revenues such as geprofile have grown by more than 40 per cent, Europe has increased its market share by 0.5 to 6.5 per cent through product-based innovation, and the markets are ranked first, with South Asia, South-East Asia and Japan continuously raising their market share through high-end start-up and multi-brand strategies.
Māori has shown a slight reversal and an optimal cost: the company ' s combined Māori rate of 22H1 is 30.2 per cent, a slight increase of 0.2 percentage points in the same year in the context of raw materials and high freight costs, mainly through the optimization of the company ' s product structure, overall supply chain control and reduction of sku, and an increase in the self-manufacturing ratio of spare parts has led to a reversal of the company ' s Māori ratio.
Increased. The company ' s cost for the 22h1 period was 22.3 per cent, a 0.9 percentage point decline over the same period, mainly as a result of a digital change that resulted in a decrease in both sales and management costs, as well as a decrease in the company ' s financial costs of 0.5 to -0.2 per cent as a result of exchange rates.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.