The Grand Bureau has decided on an event review for Huanko's name “State” - Huankoa (000002).
The company will hold 3.24 billion shares of the Vankoa stock, accounting for 29.38 per cent of the company ' s total stock, and the dollar/equity, according to previously disclosed data, will cost 23.35 dollars/equity to hold the Vankoa stock in the extended family. The large sale of the Vankoa share will result in a loss of 7.07 billion yuan.
The grand bargain for equity has been established, and the shares of the company owned by the Great Shenzhen Underage Group, whose name is the “State”, meet market expectations, and have already shown their attitude following the granting of voting rights to the deep iron, with a 29.38 per cent share.
More than two shareholders hold 25.4% of the stock of the treasurer, Andang is the third largest shareholder, with 6.73% of the shareholdings.
Also, China is a national capital system, but China has a much lower share than deep iron holdings, while China does not interfere in the actual operation of the company, and despite similar commitments, we believe that there will be a huge difference between the impact of the two on the company.
In contrast, deep iron control and influence over the company is far from equal, while deep iron futures are expected to inject some of its assets into the company, which is bound to further deepen its influence on the company.
But the idea of a new major shareholder is no longer the same as that of Vanko.
The semi-annual evaluation of Vankoa (00002) 2016: second-purchase company shares will expire, exit forms and prices will continue to affect the company's shares, and Vankoa (00002): the winds will stop for the best.

We believe that effective corporate governance played a decisive role during the period of the stock dispute, minimizing the impact of the equity level, and that, although the pace of some project sales and take-backs has been influenced to some extent, the company was able to achieve $500 billion in 2017 in probability. Deep iron is now the company’s first shareholder, although it has indicated that it will support the Vanko management team in carrying out operations and management in accordance with its stated strategic objectives.
But it is still inevitable that the strategic intention of the Shenzhen National Finance Committee to integrate resources at the group level will be realized in the future development process, especially when resistance to the “track plus property” model, which has not worked in the previous period, has diminished or even disappeared, and companies will probably move forward with the “orbit plus property” model, which is expected to benefit significantly from the fast-track transport development and the high premium capacity of the on-orbit industry.
However, attention needs to be drawn to the reasonableness of the value of future investors’ concerns, or when they move to deeper iron injections, and the failure of the previous period is expected to provide valuable lessons for future success.
Shenzhen, the first city to explore the “tod” development model, is expected to continue to pursue the concept of the “ppp+tod” model, to continue to actively explore the “ppp+tod” model, to combine deep iron with a high level of development capacity, and to create a high degree of convergence at the strategic level, thus creating a significant competitive advantage, with the prospect of replication throughout the country, if not later, in Shenzhen I.
Deep Steel has said that the Shenzhen Track IV plan to build 18 lines, the first of which include seven new subway lines that can be developed over 4 million square metres. Even considering other qualified developers bidding in the process, the company still has a great advantage in obtaining a larger number of top cover projects.
We believe that this transfer of equity will bring about a significant change in the system of valuation of companies by investors, and that the company’s once low “quick turnover” valuation will be replaced by a “resource-based” housing company, which will be aligned with the valuation system of firms such as the merchants of snakes, land mouths, etc. At the same time, the deep-iron state business background will provide enormous room for imagination in the capital market, and the company is expected to be one of the beneficiaries of the Shenzhen “reform of state companies” and the Great Bay of Australia region in Hong Kong.
The company's sales data for the first five months of 2017 undoubtedly confirm once again the company's industry leadership, but also justify the company's business thinking in terms of urban layout, overseas investment, and diversification of business. We appreciate the innovation and transformation of the company based on real estate, the extension and value of the chain, and the company's achievements in the areas of commercial real estate, old-age property and property management, which we believe are being addressed.
After the stock-equity dispute, it is likely that the company will further enrich its diversified business, leading to a shift from “quick turnover” to a resource-based housing enterprise. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Huankoa (00002): The Grand Bureau has decided on the 10th (seventh) award for the excellent combination of the Huanko name "The Nation" and the "Black Steel" Award for the Industry.
Leung Xiaocui, Doctor, Graduate School of Social Sciences, China. Joined the East Hing Securities Institute in 2015 to study real estate, focusing on the transformation and transformation of the real estate sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.