Vankoa (000002) reported a quarterly review in 2017, and a significant increase in sales in one quarter continues to lead the industry.
In the first quarter of 17 years, rising costs led to a fall in the net share of belongings. The company achieved $18,589 million in operating income in the first quarter of 17 years, an increase of 27.22 per cent in the same year; the main reasons for the decline in net profits of shareholders in listed companies were: (1) an increase of 99.7 per cent in corporate sales in the first quarter of the year.
Sales costs increased by 38.8 per cent over the same period, but the rate of quarterly sales in sales calibres decreased by 0.3 percentage points compared to the same period last year; (2) due to the expansion of corporate management, the Division ' s management costs increased by 29.3 per cent during the first quarter of the year, but the rate of quarterly management costs in sales calibres was higher
The decrease of 0.5 percentage points over the same period last year; (3) the corresponding increase in corporate interest expenditure and financial costs during the quarter due to the increase in the size of the financing; and (4) the inclusion in the first quarter of a project of a higher percentage of cooperation, bringing the share of gains and losses for minority shareholders to 37.3 per cent of the net profits of the company as a whole.
The year-on-year decline in net profits is not an important reference for the year-on-year performance, and it is expected that corporate net profits will continue to grow throughout 2017. The year-on-year growth in sales earnings continues to run the industry.
Of the 9,882,000 square metres sold, the sales amounted to $15,270 million, an increase of 81.1 per cent and 99.7 per cent, respectively, of which the company's single-season sales in Shenzhen, Beijing and Tianjin were developed at a pace that was consistent with the expected sales.
9.177,000 square metres, an increase of 29.4 per cent over the previous year, accounted for 31.4 per cent of the year’s start-up plan, and the completion of the project was 12.43 million square metres, or 5.1 per cent of the year’s completion plan, in accordance with the industry’s seasonal regulations. By the end of the first quarter, 27.193 million square metres had been sold in the company’s consolidated statements.
The total amount of the contract was about $334.94 billion, representing an increase of 19.3 per cent from the beginning of the year (61.9 per cent of the projects were acquired through cooperation), the planned construction area was about 7,644,000 square metres, and the planned construction area was about 4.703 million square metres in terms of corporate interests.
At the end of the day, the money held by the company was 90.970 billion yuan, much higher than short-term borrowing and one-year maturity month, and the subway group acquired 1,553,210,974 shares of specific shareholder rights held by enterprises belonging to the Great China Gang and became the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights in the company.
The company and the subway group will take full advantage of their respective strengths and jointly advance the implementation of the Track+ Property Development Strategy and the overall upgrading of the city mix.
Accomplishment of services for urban economic development. Summary and investment recommendations: Corporate sales are ideal in the first quarter of 17 years, and sales increase continues to lead the industry satisfactorily.
As industry leaders, it is believed that good corporate enforcement, corporate culture, and bold and positive uplifting will sustain good profit growth and give back to investors.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.