The structure of the product has been significantly upgraded to take into account the long-term robust growth of the company, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Annual income + 25 per cent, mother ' s net profit + 33 per cent; 17q4 million yuan, year + 29 per cent, mother ' s net profit 560 million yuan, year + 33 per cent; at the same time, 18q1 income increased by more than 25 per cent, mother ' s net profit rate continued to grow at a high rate in 17 years, with a mid-strategy specialization completed, and the silo age was still to be set at 18 years.
According to the research, the core area of 18q1 has continued to grow at a high rate. 2. Medium liquor: 17 years is an old-word year, with an estimated rate of 5 per cent and over a year of growth.
The price increases and the channels' inventory have been fine-tuned, and 18 years are 18 years of a re-created old-word feature with a significant increase in the number of dealers, which is more than expected; and the wine of the cellar age: it is still in combing and avoids competition with the old-word feature.
It is worth noting that the structure of the company ' s 18q1 product has been significantly upgraded, that the Chinese securities have been listed for 150 million yuan, that the elimination of the tax effect has affected the net profit on the parent by an estimated $110 million, and that the 18q1 company owner has been able to keep the firm growing steadily: 1; the company ' s product series is the most complete; and the medium liquor brand is well known and folded.
Good management and flexible markets operate, and there is plenty of room for growth. Country guests 1573: Focus on the core markets Southwest, North and Central China, while opening up the markets of East and South China; locking in core client groups through the state cellars, brand company operating models, improved channel control, cost-effective and market-friendly.
Taku, who continues to build a great brand of historical sanity, has continued to build high-quality brands. In the middle: special 60, crystal colour, old word combination, special 60 and crystal colours are located at the lower end, commercial consumption and a combination of personal fees, according to a grass root study, during the high 60th spring season, the crystal color is active, and in Sichuan and Jiang Xi.
Leaning optimism; making full use of the branding effect in core areas such as Henan, Hebei and Shandong, increasing cost investments and matching resources, and matching consumer prices, is expected to pick up rapid growth; the drinking price system is completed, and higher costs are expected to lead to rapid income growth.
The 2017 special series has been combed, the state cellars and specials are now more competitive, the terminal channels are more profitable and the channels are more powerful. In 2018, there will be more cost inputs, and the medium- and high-end wine will grow again rapidly.
The marketer's high flexibility, integration into brand companies, easy access and maintenance, will maintain a 35% compound increase in net return profits over the next three years for a high growth in corporate performance. A 30-fold valuation for the company in 2018, the white wine industry will continue to show a steady increase over the next three years, especially as per capita income rises and consumption rises.
The amount of alcohol in the head and second and series of wines has increased by -3%, 0%, 1%, price growth by 1%, 3%, 1%, etc. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.