New Olympics share: high dividends highlight investment value, urban rejuvenation and direct sales contribute to sustained growth. New Olympic share (60803.sh)
The three-year bonus commitment was added to the special distribution plan, and the firm's high dividends were significantly valued. On a date when the company announced a three-year special allocation of investment proceeds from the sale of new energy mining, 23-25, and on 9 December, the company issued an announcement to buy back the sum of $360 million (inclusive) from its own funds.
Practice number: s150052270001, management adjustments are in place, and the performance of the city's burning plates is expected to return to growth.
The new ceo has been working for years in the area of urban gas, with a wealth of business experience and is expected to contribute to the further development of corporate combustion operations.
In terms of gas volume, the power plant's gas consumption was heavy, and the company's retail gas volume fell by 6.91% on a year-on-year basis, and the company actively adjusted its marketing strategy, increased downstream user outreach, and 2023q3 retail gas sales were repaired.
The provinces and cities have yet to launch a price-conservation mechanism, and we expect that the domestic price-contribution process will continue for 24 years, pushing the company’s retail gas gap to be repaired. To benefit from the expansion of the market size and the 7.1 million tonnes/year of low prices, the Association began to supply and sell the gas directly.
By 2023, the company’s direct sales stood at 3.67 billion, and the annual surge would begin, supporting the rapid expansion of direct sales. Profit predictions and ratings: New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas, helping to protect against gas prices.
Volatile, supporting sustained robust growth of profits. Direct marketing operations benefit from market size expansion and 7.1 million tons/year of low-priced ACWW supply, with high growth expected; Retail gas upstream resources
The pool is stable in many ways, the downstream surplus continues to advance, further repairs are expected to be made to the company's city-fired fur, retail sales of cindasecuritiesco.ltd gas is expected to resume growth and improve the profitability of the company-fired business; and the integrated energy business is growing brightly.
As China’s carbon management approach continues to land, the integrated energy market space is expected to open. Risk factors: the country’s economy is falling sharply, and gas consumption is increasing at a slower rate than expected; receiving stations are still in place.
Lower-than-expected progress in building targets; lower-than-expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales; gains on asset disposal, resulting in net profit increases of about $4 billion per year, three-year red forward commitments plus special distribution plans, and significant increases in firm high dividends certainty values
The share is 26.0%. On September 12, 2023, the company issued an announcement to transfer 100% of the company’s share of the new energy mining stock to Kei Hung Tech for $6.67 billion.
On that day, the company announced that it had received the full price of this equity transfer paid by Kei Hung Tech and had completed the registration of a business change of 100% of the stock transfer into a new-energy mining industry. Through the transfer, the company was stripped of the coal business and will focus more on building an intelligent ecological operator for the gas industry; at the same time, the company was awarded a new equity transfer.
On December 8, 2023, the company announced that it intended to sell 100% of the proceeds from the sale of assets.
(c) The cash and equivalent balance of the company ' s net operating cash flows for the year or the end of the period is negative; and (4) the company has a significant presence in the foreseeable next 12 months.
The company’s performance has grown steadily in recent years, with no significant fluctuations, sufficient operating cash flows, and capital spending in the coming years will be mainly for the construction of the Arkayama receiving station and feeder, with no major capital expenditure.
The Red Promises also reflect the company's confidence in future growth in the main industry; furthermore, we expect that the company's core profits and operating net cash flows will grow steadily in the future, and that the company will maintain high dividends over the long term, while the company has launched a buy-back scheme to be used for equity incentives/employee-holding schemes to highlight the public.
On 9 December 2023, the company issued a Repurchase Report on Repurchase of Shares by way of Central Competitive Transactions, which, based on confidence in the future development of the company and recognition of the value of the company, is intended to improve the incentives for company long-term effectiveness by considering the adoption of the Repurchase Party in the company’s board of directors.
2. Urban profits improvement + direct sales expansion, leading to high-performance growth of the company. Some senior executives have been re-elected.
With many years of experience in the field of deep-farming and intellectual transformation, it is hoped that this will help further develop the company’s business. Mr. Cfo Wang Dong-Tou, the shares of New Olympics, has been appointed New Olympic Energy cfo, which will help the company further improve the firm’s financial soundness and transparency of information disclosure.
The new co-chairship of the New Olympics, Mr. Jiang Seung-hoon, with his rich domestic and foreign experience in gas trade, is expected to boost the company’s growth in direct gas sales. This senior executive restructuring is an intra-group movement of staff, management restructuring has landed, and the company will continue its natural gas smart ecological operations.
Business strategic positioning, increased access to domestic and foreign resources, downstream client outreach, dynamic urban gas, direct sales, etc., and steady growth in corporate performance. Price-contribution policies have continued to boost the build-up of gas-resilient growth, with company-owned flaring plates expected in 2024.
With regard to the gross margin, a number of our provinces and cities have since 2022 initiated a 5 to 15 per cent escalation in the gas prices of residents and non-resident end-users. To date, most of the provinces and cities have yet to initiate a gas-contribution mechanism, and we expect that the domestic rate will continue to advance in 2024.
In terms of gas consumption, the country has been recovering well since 2023, and the country’s gas consumption has grown at a rate of 7.3 per cent in January-November, with 2023h1 being held up by industrial gas, mainly by power plant users.
After a 6.91 per cent decline in the company ' s retail gas volume on a year-on-year basis, the company actively adjusted its marketing strategy, scaled up its downstream users, repaired the retail gas sales of 2023q3 with a 0.45 per cent increase in the same year, and benefited from market-scale expansion and 7.1 million tons/year of low-cost supplies.
Since the company opened up its direct sales business in 2020, direct sales have been sustained. In the third quarter of the year, the company has entered into nine overseas lang-suppliers with a combined contract of 9.44 million tonnes/year (approximately 13.2 billion squares/years), of which five have been signed with the United States ng-suppliers.
As of the third quarter of 2023, the New Olympics shares were implementing the Long Concordat 2.34 million tonnes/year (approximately 3280 billion squares/colleges) to support the rapid expansion of direct gas sales. At the same time, the company was running a boat.
The expansion of the Sanng receiving station is expected to match the surge in the future. The pre-handling capacity is 7.5 million tonnes/year, and the processing capacity is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year in 2025.
The advantage of the whole industry chain helps to withstand fluctuations in gas prices and sustain a steady and robust growth of profits. The direct marketing industry benefits from the expansion of market size and the start of supply at 7.1 million tons/year of low prices, and is expected to achieve high growth; the retail gas industry has diversified and stable upstream resource pools, rising downstream prices continue, and the company city has a fire-burning gap.
Further repairs are expected, and retail gas is expected to return to growth, contributing to better profits from corporate combustion. My economy has fallen sharply, with gas consumption increasing at a slower rate than expected; receiving station construction has progressed at a lower rate than expected; domestic gas prices are lower than expected; and integrated energy sales are lower than expected.
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016. The Alliance ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector, has been responsible for research on large energy panels since 2019. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute of Coal
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied coal and electricity, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he worked in coal and coal industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee-Swie, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022, working in the coal industry. Tang Jiayyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.