Reverser city rises, storage surges - annual report 2020 and 21-year quarterly reviews
The annual net operating cash flow of 3,089 million yuan, an increase of 24.52 per cent over the previous year, was reported in the first quarter of 2021. The company ' s total operating income in the first quarter of 2021 was 3,347 million yuan, an increase of 81.24 per cent over the previous quarter, and the return to the mother ' s net profit of 387 million yuan, an increase of 142.45 per cent over the same period.
In 2020, the company generated $7,515 million, an increase of 106% over the same year, and over 35% of the gross gross profit of the company.
A 105 per cent increase, of which 13gw in the country was 60 per cent in the same year and 22gw abroad was 144 per cent in the same year.
The field share has risen significantly, with several countries and regions abroad accounting for the highest share, and the global market share rising to about 27 per cent. In 21 years, q1 had delivered about 8gw, double the same time, and it was expected that accounting companies would deliver more than 50gw in 21 years, with a further increase in the global city share to 30 per cent.
The company's active deployment of upstream core raw materials, guaranteed semiconductor chips, and power devices should be used to secure high year-round production and protect the escort. The storage capacity boom is growing, and the company's core strength is prominent.
In 2020, the solar power storage transformer and system integration market were ranked first in China, and was the champion of China’s storage industry. The company’s storage system was widely used in mature electricity markets such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc., to enhance the depth of wind storage.
In Australia, with deep collaboration with distributors, the share of solar power households in the solar-powered light storage system exceeded 24%. In 2020, the solar-powered storage system delivered 800 mwh globally, a 300% increase over 2019.
1169 million yuan, a 115% increase in the same year. In 21 years, the company’s storage capacity continued to grow at a high rate of one quarter of a billion yuan, a significant increase of 345% compared to 2001.
The first outbreak, the synergies between demand-driven actors and the company's traditional business customers, the company's downstream channels, wind currenters, power station development and steady contributions, the expansion of the new rickshaw business, benefited from the 2020 windcoat, with the company's wind current business earning 1,415 million a year.
The output was about 2gw, with a high rate of growth compared to 20q1. Twenty years of corporate power plant investment and development, mainly as a result of the impact of the epidemic and the crushing of the profits of the pec due to the year-end price increases. Sunshine new energy development systems continued to be optimized, with domestic ground power stations receiving investment throughout the year.
The pace of internationalization has accelerated with the setting of targets above 3gw, the reserve of additional overseas projects close to 1.4gw, and companies have expanded the application of reverse and transmission technologies to the electric automobile industry to provide high-quality power-driven systems for new energy sources.
With a modular design for purely electric, medium, small commercial and passenger vehicles, logistics-specific vehicles, etc., product volumes are expected to double over 21 years. The company’s “upscaling” rating is maintained.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is independent and objective in a diligent and professional manner.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.