Sunshine Power (300274): Reverse transformer tap, consolidated position, accelerated internationalisation, Sunshine Power
In 2020, corporate operating income increased by 48.3 per cent to $19.286 billion per year, net return to the mother, profits increased by 1.19 times to $1,954 million per year, power-station investment development, optical reverse transformers, etc., electricity conversions, according to the annual 2020 report, are the company's main product and the company's main product.
The share of income from equipment was 42.66 per cent and 38.97 per cent, respectively. q1 operating income increased by 81.24 per cent to $3.347 billion in 2021, and net profit from mother-to-manage increased by 1.42 to $387 million.
Energy support services, etc., are the country’s largest photovoltaic inverter, behind which profits have increased, and where a number of competitive advantages support the development of the main industry. 1) Industry track quality, product strength, marketing strategy, and many business developments have been rapid. In 2020, the company’s photovoltaic inverter delivered 35gw worldwide.
13gw domestically, 22gw overseas, 1.05 times higher than 2019 (17.1gw domestically, 8.1gw overseas, 9gw overseas), with a global market share of about 27%, ranking first in several overseas countries and cities. Wind currenters delivered 16gw in 2020, a 3.5-fold increase compared to the previous country.
In 2020, the company’s energy storage system delivered 800 mwh worldwide, and provided an overall solution for projects such as the Mundi power plant in England, the Qinghait high-voltage evacuation base power supply project, the Shandonglai light storage, the Integration Power Station, and the An Quantico North wind storage demonstration power station.
These factors should be taken into account, as the cost rate for the period fell by 2.06 percentage points to 12.64 per cent on a year-on-year basis.) The return was better in 2020, resulting in a corresponding significant decrease in the loss of bad accounts receivable and a corresponding investment gain of $121 million on credit impairment losses compared to assets, which contributed to operating profits.
Multiple initiatives to maintain competitiveness will accelerate further internationalization. The annual report reveals that companies will focus on composting, adding Nanjing, Shenzhen research and development bases; setting up a second overseas factory (the current capacity of India’s production base has been expanded to 10gw) to raise the localization rate of overseas workers; and promoting the co-development of photo-winding hydrogen storage operations.
To help companies maintain a competitive edge in core technology, production management, global market marketing, etc., and to support the long-term development of the main industry. We expect that the photovoltaic reverse transformer will remain at the forefront; synergies in technology, marketing, etc. will help both old and new businesses to develop together; overseas business revenues will take over.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the power source of sunlight (300274); the leader of the inverter has been consolidated, internationalization has accelerated, and the source of financial prosperity in the East has grown.
Master of Arts, University of Shanghai, University of Transport, University of Manchester (financial direction) and joined East Hing Merchant Securities, Huaitai Securities, and Abb Co. in May 2019.
Leading the team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
B.A. in Material Science and Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Master of Economics, People’s University of China, 2019, joined the East Hing Securities, where he studied electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Sunshine Power (300274): Reversers have been consolidated and internationalization has accelerated without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.