Sunshine Power (300274) Annual Report and Quarterly Review - Photovoltaic Inverters are still in the lead, with high growth in storage wind and wind operations Events: Companies issued annual reports in 2020 and first quarter in 2021. In 2020, the company actually increased 24.52% by the same year.
The net profit of the owner of the parent company was $387 million, an increase of 142.45 per cent over the same period; operating income Reverser output grew at a high rate, with the city still leading. During the reporting period, companies continued to focus on total equity/flow (million shares)
Technology research and development, promotion of photo-store integration innovation, strong promotion of global branding strategies, deep-farming focus, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) market sub-markets, taking advantage of global marketing, services and supply chain advantages, global competitiveness and impact
The 12-month maximum/minimum (millimeter) strength continued to rise, with a global shipment of 35gw by photovoltaic reverse transformers, including 13gw in the country and 22gw overseas. As of December 2020, the global aggregate load of corporate reverse equipment passed 154gw.
Sunshine Power (300274) Sunshine Power During the reporting period, companies consolidated and increased the layout of the European and American markets and seized more of the new (300274) annual reports — photovoltaic reversals
Market opportunities. The company has now built 20+ molecular companies overseas, and the five major global service providers continue to lead and store energy operations are growing rapidly. Regional, 50+services, 80+ certification service providers.
–2019/04/01 Markets for distribution channels were further strengthened with a well-developed network of technical support and marketing services. — In 2020, company photovoltaic reversibles continued to grow globally, with several overseas countries and municipalities
During the reporting period, companies increased the strategic layout of wind energy operations, consistently insisting on research and development to keep wind currenters ahead of technology, and improved technology.
Wind storage and post-winding market maintenance, raising the visibility of solar power in the wind power industry, and promoting high-quality wind power from a wide range of operational perspectives. In 2020, wind and wind transformers delivered 16gw, a 351% increase.
The first two-way power in the industry to master a single wind cooling and a three-digit vac (900-1140v) system innovation program has become the industry label. Several self-measured R & D platforms have been built, and a combination of rtlab/rtds semi-physical simulations has been achieved.
In conjunction with the National Networked Electricity Institute, the China North Electric Institute, and the University of Tsinghua, 25 computer-type joint experiments were completed. 45 patent files were submitted throughout the year, 18 applications were processed, 14 were authorized, and the storage capacity grew rapidly, increasing the depth of wind storage.
High business growth, the release of 1500v full-scale energy storage system solutions, and significant efficiency gains have been identified as key underpinnings of the current pressure for affordable Internet access, where new energy + storage can be scaled up. Corporate storage systems are now widely used in mature electricity markets such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc.
In North America, the share of industrial and industrial energy reserves in solar power is more than 20%; in Australia, the share of solar power households in solar power is more than 24%. In 2020, the Sun power storage system delivered 800 mwh worldwide, in close collaboration with distributors.
There were no safety incidents, extensive application experience in FM peaks, assistive renewable energy grids, microgrids, business and household storage.
Several projects, such as the Light Storage Integration Power Station in Shandonglai County and the Anhui North Wind Storage Demonstration Station, provide an optimal transformation of power station development operations. During the reporting period, the Sunshine New Energy Development System continued to optimize, resource conversion and locking were continuously enhanced, and the country ' s ground power stations received investment targets for construction throughout the year.
Over 3gw. The pace of internationalization has accelerated with the development of new projects in Viet Nam, Chile and other countries. Distributive energy operations have been successfully transformed from pro-poor project development to business photovoltaic development, and active exploration and layout of the user-side storage market has led to the creation of industrial reserves.
It's a case-by-case model. The household photovolt optimizes the channel strategy, focuses on the big business, focuses on distribution, and has a 160% increase in capacity over the year. Investment advice: the company is the leader of a domestic photo-reverse transformer, the market position is strong, the product performance is strong.
The annual net profits of 28.58, 35.82 and 4,698 million yuan, respectively, correspond to eps 1.96, 2.46 and Sunshine Power - Photovoltaic Reverse transformers, which are still in the lead, with high growth in storage wind and wind operations
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.