Events: wave information released a performance forecast on the evening of 10 July, and company expectations for the first half of 2024
The 24h1 battalion registered a higher rate of growth of over 60% in the same year, confirming the high performance of the server industry. According to the company’s performance forecast \triangleright, market demand for the server industry gradually improved in the first half of 2024.
In the first half of 2024, the financial sector initially measured a growth rate of more than 60% in business income over the same period, which is a strong guarantee of a significant increase in net profits.
Focusing on the impact of accounting standards, the company’s real profitability may be underestimated. Considering the increase in the company’s \triangleright stock reserve in the first half of the year, this has led to a significant increase in items such as inventory, an increase in the impairment of assets, and an increase in the profit end
In the case of 2022q1, the rate of increase of 48 per cent in the year-on-year rate of revenue per wave quarter and 67 per cent in the accounts receivable section ratio resulted in a single-quarter credit impairment loss affecting a profit of $458 million for the period, a fall back with the accounts receivable in the second half of the year, and the company ' s credit impairment loss for the year was only in the million-volume range.
Changes in accounting lines due to rapid growth may affect the company ' s perceived profits in the single quarter, and the actual profitability is more likely to be expected if the impact of the impairment is excluded.
Wave Information (000977.sz) First Quarterly Report, 2024: Global Server Market Report, first quarter: Global Server Market warranty, first quarter 2024
5.9%. In China, the top two of the world ' s top wave informers, the global market for server arrivals is 11.3%. 2. Wave informs (000977.sz) are reported in 2023: A full embrace of aigc, the wave accelerates the development of the ai product matrix. 1) A large model training area, wave
3. Wave Information (000977.sz) Incident Review: City Information has a leading one server, supports a mainstream one-a-accelerated chip at home and abroad, is oriented towards application excellence, achieves ari-calculation over 80 per cent of the actual arithmetic capacity and is optimized through a computational strategy
4. Wave information (000977.sz) event point review: release source 99% linear extension; 2) application needs for the integration of ai large models with a common setting, wave information use of servers to support a processor with an ai acceleration function, first achieved in industry based on common processing
5. Wave Information (00097.sz) Tri-quarters 2023, supporting the operation of the 100 billion-parameter model; 3) In green low carbon, wave information innovation research and development (R & D) All-Liquid: significant growth in q3 battalion, focusing on the gpu supply situation
A variety of new and efficient heat-dispersing technologies, such as coolers, immersion coolers and so on, achieve full-storage cold coverage of server products.
It is expected to remain high, and the company has a prominent role in the server sector, and we believe that the current corporate valuation is lower and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.