Wave information (000977.sz) 2024h1 Performance forecast: Rapid income growth, second half Wave information is the world's leading t infrastructure product,
RMB 550-650 million, an increase of 75.56 per cent to 107.48 per cent in the same year; deduction of NPR from the parent programme and service provider, business coverage calculation, storage, network in three key areas: cloud computing, big data,
Full-scale digitization, including artificial intelligence, margin computing, etc., maintains a fast-growing trend in corporate revenue in the second quarter. Companies are expected to achieve the same business income trend in the first half of 2024, mainly benefiting from: (1) a sustained recovery in the demand for universal servers; and (2) a second-quarter order for their servers.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: progress towards delivery. We believe that, with the support of both the development of the overseas ai industry and domestic policies, the domestic ai server industry is now growing rapidly, with large customers from domestic operators, finance, the Internet, etc.
In the second half of the year, the company, the leader of the domestic service provider, is expected to maintain a faster growth trend. With a slight decline of 1.7%, we judge that the main reason is that: 1)ai servers have higher unit prices, and the Māori rate is lower than the traffic rate.
We believe that in the second half of the year, companies are expected to open up new customers in overseas and domestic industries, and their overall profitability is expected to rise. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies will benefit from the global trend in the ai industry in the current round.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the wave of information (000977.sz) 2024h1 performance forecast: rapid income growth, net profit rates expected to rise in the second half of the year, the source of the financial boom in the East.
I don’t have, do not have, do not have, nor will the future be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report Wave Information (000977.sz) 2024h1 performance forecast: rapid income growth, with net profit expected to rise in the second half of the year
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.