Annual Report Review: Significant Income Growth, Cost Management Wave Information is the world ' s leading t base structure product, with net return profit of 597 million yuan (Yoy+90.6%).
Programs and service providers, business-cover computing, storage, network critical areas, providing full-scale digitization of cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, margin computing, etc.
During the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in income from sales orders. In the first half of 2024, the company realized business income as a result of the increased demand for its client servers. According to the company ' s semi-annual report, at the end of June, the company had signed a contract, but had not yet fulfilled or had not fulfilled its compliance obligations, with a corresponding income of 13,957 million yuan.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: billion yuan, with a net profit rate of 1.4 per cent, and an increase of 0.2 percentage points in the same year. The company’s increased profitability is largely due to significant income growth and good cost control.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company will benefit from the global trend in the ai industry in the current round, and we expect that the source of the financial boom in the East (000977.sz) will be reported in the second half of 2024: significant revenue growth and good cost control
The source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
The wave information (000977.sz) was evaluated in the semi-annual evaluation of 2024: significant income growth, good cost control, and no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.