Wave Information (000977), 2024-month performance rating, high corporate performance and continuous improvement in the technical layout of smart-assessed products, Robubin.
Chen Wei-gwang's performance is largely due to the gradual improvement in market demand in the server sector in the first half of the year, firm's close to business development opportunities, improved product line layouts, strong outreach to domestic and foreign customers, and increased server sales
In terms of profitability, Māori sales were 7.74% in the first half of the year, a decline of 3.66 pct compared to the same year, with a high rate of growth in overseas operations as the company’s server market continued to be at the top of the world. As the global i-mixed arms races intensified, the need for arithmetic continued to rise.
Disruption and intensification of the distribution of smart-assessed products, rapid growth of company operations, and continued high global market occupancy of server and storage products. According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, the main data are as of 30 August 2024.
2024q1, the company’s server market is the second largest in the world, China; 2024q1, the company’s storage capacity market is the third highest in the world; and China’s first. Subregionally, the company’s overseas business is growing rapidly, with 2024h1, and the company’s revenue from overseas sales is $12,264 million, a significant increase.
In terms of algorithms, an open-source model of roe (ttm) “source 2.0-m32” was launched in 2024 to help companies achieve an efficient landing application.
In terms of numeracy, the company launched a new generation of open and accelerated computing servers, nf5698g7, and multi-ai server products such as a stable, efficient and multi-arimental platform, and co-published with Intel a universal server, leading the industry in the realization of a multi-billion-dollar model of server support based on a common processor.
. In terms of data infrastructure, the company has released a generation-ai storage solution to meet the high requirements of large model applications for storage performance and storage capacity. In terms of interconnection, the company pushes out the home starter, based on the super-ai e-net switch made by the nvidiaspectrum-x platform.
X400, optimised for the big one model scenario, which is more robust than the traditional roce network. Investment advice: companies, as global leaders in IT infrastructure products, programmes and service providers, continue to refine and enhance the layout of intelligence products and technologies and are expected to continue to benefit from artificial intelligence in the future.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.