In 2024, in the face of a wave of artificial intelligence plus opportunities, companies continued to innovate in technology.
On August 24, the company released its semi-annual report for 2024, during which period it achieved operating income of 42,064 million yuan, an increase of 68.71 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 597 million yuan, an increase of 90.56 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company’s contractual liability was $7,725 million, or 8.27 per cent more than in the other half, reflecting the company’s adequate hand orders, and its expected sustained performance in the second half of the year.
Arithmetic industry, where companies are industry leaders, insists on “application-oriented, system-centred” and promotes innovation in algorithms, arithmetic, data and interconnectivity across the board, accelerating the landing of artificial intelligence plus.
Actively explore large model algorithms, continuously improve modeling efficiency and explore intelligent boundaries: in the area of computing, develop a new generation of system-centred computing structures, create open, diverse, green meta-brain computing products and programmes that provide powerful calculations for the innovation and application of artificial intelligence
Power platforms; data-based, continuous development of a new generation of high-emission, low-delayed integrated storage technologies that provide storage platform support for the management of big-volume data across the ai process; interconnectivity, top/minimum price within 52 weeks
Co-ordinated new generation of super-ai Ethernets to provide efficient interconnectivity for large-scale ai systems. In 2024, companies continued to focus on cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, computing, continuous innovation in R & D, production, delivery, service models, business insurance.
Wave Group Limited has been growing rapidly. According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, the market share of corporate servers, storage products and products continues to be at the top of the world: first Litdu in 2024, server position.
Second in the world, China first; first in the first quarter of 2024, storage capacity was ranked third in the world and first in China; second in China was the market for liquid cold servers in 2023; and second in China was the market for edge servers in 2023.
In terms of algorithms, companies continue to promote the overlap of the "source" model, the "source 2.0-m32" open-source model launched in 2024, together with the pai, can help companies achieve greater efficiency.
In terms of computing, the company has launched a new generation of open and fast computing servers, nf5698g7, a stable and efficient multi-arimental platform, a joint release with Intel of a universal one server, and a first-ever server base in industry.
At the level of the data infrastructure, the Division has released a solution for the generation of the ai storage, which helps users accelerate the collection of data for the large models.
In terms of connectivity, in 2024, the company launched the Super-ai Ether Exchange, which is the country’s first base.
It was built on the Nvidiaspectrum-x platform, with the advantages of high infestation, low time delay, high reliability, roce optimization for the big one, 1.6 times higher than the traditional roce network performance, and provided a leading ai network performance for large model training and reasoning.
In the first half of 2024, the company's overseas receipts reached $12,264 million, compared to the global server market report, which shows that global server market sales were maintained during the first quarter of this year.
Growth, with sales of $40.75 billion, or 59.9 per cent, compared with 2,82 million, or 5.9 per cent, was recorded, of which Waves and Waves, the world's top two, China's first, had a global market share of goods delivered by servers of 11.3 per cent, an increase of 50.4 per cent, and a higher rate of growth among top5 manufacturers.
I. Global server market demand has grown, and the wave is a leading server provider, and overseas operations are expected to grow at a sustained rate, providing vast growth space for companies. The area is long-term, with deep technological advantages and a strong leader, and performance has increased in the second quarter.
With sufficient hand orders, three quarters are expected to continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Downstream customers’ demand expands less than expected; industry competition increases; and product technology research and development is less developed than the data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable and are now publicly available, and independently judged and concluded, seeking independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.