High performance growth in 2022h1 and sustained breakthroughs in new energy sources in products
The company published its semi-annual report, 2022h1 generating $5,146 million, an increase of 15.51 per cent, and a net return profit of $1,354 million, an increase of 26.82 per cent. For the first quarter of 2022q2, the company achieved 2,632 million, a single-quarter Māori rate, a rise of 188 pct, and higher profitability innovation.
Millions of yuan, or 22.97 per cent of the year-on-year growth, with revenues of 48.85 per cent; 25.66 structural optimization of manufacturing and service lines, and higher prices for product sales and profitability. We maintain profit projections, and we expect public-power devices to be used continuously in new energy markets, etc., and carbonated silicon mosfet is expected to open up bulk supplies.
The company’s power plant industry, which is based on medium- and high-end applications, has achieved significant industrialization. The company’s advanced medium- and low-pressure and advanced high-pressure mosfet are marketed on a large scale in the areas of 5g communications, charge posts, industrial controls (photovoltaics) and new energy vehicles.
The sales in the field of electric poles have increased more than eightfold over the same period in 2021, with photovoltigbt certified and supplied in bulk in the global head. The company has increased the technological overlap and industrialization of the restricted products, and the first generation of carbonated silicon mosfet has multiplicity of products on more than 650v/1200v/1700v platforms, and is new.
The energy vehicle obc has passed application tests and is expected to enter bulk supply with 2022h2.
With regard to crystal circles, the company ' s bcd proxy platform ' s leading edge was further expanded, with 0.11 micro-bcd technology level breakthroughs in the end area -- company information update report.
In terms of containment, the company has developed 60 micro-minus chip encapsulation technology, copper-clipbond technology and rewinding technology, both sides.
The rapid development of the power semiconductor market is expected to benefit fully from the application of key core technologies related to power containment, such as radiant technology, to power devices, such as mosfet, ipm Growth One Information Update Report, and module containment.
2021h1 High Growth, Active Distribution and Capacity Building