Utility shares (000938), computer equipment, etc., are designed to create an industry-wide layout based on customer demand.
The company published a quarterly report, which generated revenues of $7.77 billion, an increase of 152.9 per cent in the same year, and net profits of $316 million, an increase of 696.76 per cent in the same year.
Xinhua San was included in the consolidated statements as of 1 May 2016. During the consolidation period, the Xinhua San Group achieved net profits of $883 million for parent owners, the overall Māori rate remained stable, while the low profit was mainly due to 1) the late delivery time resulted in a number of large ones.
Secondary costs: 2) The use of HP systems during the Xinhua San Information System transition period has resulted in the payment of a large amount of Xinhua Platform services; 3) Xinhua San has introduced a retention bonus for his staff. As Xinhua San is on track, these one-time payments will not occur in the follow-up operation.
Cost, the company’s performance is expected to increase considerably in 2017. With Xinhua III’s total equity/flow (million shares) added to the purple shares, the company’s cloud-net-end industrial chain layout was further improved, and the company’s “crown-end” industry chain was further improved.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) shows a solid foundation for sustained growth in performance.
The industrial layout, which is based on many years of effort through endogenous and extended development, now basically covers the main areas of cloud-side industry taps, future growth prospects, and covers the main areas of services that provide a one-stop shop and solutions for clients.
--2016/08/31 Increased client experience. To achieve the above objectives, the company has increased its access to cloud computing, big data, information security, storage, etc., by building research and development bases in various locations, including Beijing, Hangzhou and Nanjing.
Research and development inputs in the domain, constantly upgrading existing product lines and introducing new and innovative products, now companies have applied for more than 7,000 patents, more than 90% of which are inventions. Brand advantages are highlighted, industry is prominent: companies have been focusing on brands for years of their existence.
The strategy, through the promotion of the Cloud Services strategy, promotes the company's unis purple and H3c brands. After years of accumulation, companies have a large and stable number of high-quality customers in downstream industries such as government, finance, energy, electricity, telecommunications, transport, medical care, etc., based on authoritative institutions.
In 2016, the H3c brand was on the domestic enterprise market, with high competition in switchboards, routers, wlans, and client groups, including all 985 and 211 higher schools, four majors, three insurance companies, silver unions, three operators, and so on.
In the education sector, for example, the next-generation campus network of the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (SUM); the maintenance of a two-fold first share in the field of dispatch and information in the national grid batch collection; and in the petroleum sector, a strategic procurement agreement was signed with Chinese oil, with a first share of the two-year framework agreement for petrochemicals;
In the financial sector, they have been involved in consulting, co-researching, and building a new generation of data centres for financial institutions like the Chinese, the China Peace Group, the Chinese insurance policy, the Post Office Bank, and others. The company’s prominent industry position and brand advantage have underpinned sustained growth in its performance.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.