Self-financing leads, with high performance elastic growth of nearly 40 per cent – semi-annual review of Eastern securities 2017
Eastern Securities published its semi-annual report for 2017: in the first half of the year, the company achieved $4.628 billion in operating income, which was an increase in the same year.
During the reporting period, companies managed to overcome the adverse effects of the market, with revenue rising by 59.98 per cent, well above the average industry level. Of this amount, securities sales and transactions generated an increase of 964 per cent, amounting to $1,850 million, representing an overall increase in the collection ratio of four, with significant efficiency gains for subsidiaries.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had a surplus of self-employed transactions.
The Unit maintained its industry leadership by maintaining it at the forefront of 300 billion in comparison with the depth of 300 million; inter-bank operations were first in the market; the first bond announcement agency qualification was obtained; and the Ficcc operation continued to advance and the foreign exchange business began to be actively prepared.
At the end of the reporting period, companies had provided 114 new three-boards of municipal services, with a balance of 2,879 million yuan in municipal business, while companies were ranked fourth in the total number of market transactions and instantaneous market performance indicators.
The fifth place in net operating income is the Fund’s outstanding management capacity, its excellent investment performance, and its active management of equity cemetery funds, solid products, the China Harbour Strategic Fund, and the Hong Kong Dollar Bond Fund, all of which are among the top performers. To form a complete off-site business chain, other lines of operations have great potential for development.
During the reporting period, the total size of the company ' s counter market operations amounted to 18,977 million yuan, an increase of 180,56 per cent over the same period. The online hosting and operation of an outsourced product portfolio of 683 products, an increase of 32.42 per cent over the same period, and the size of the business of $44,942 million, an increase in the capital of the company, were intended to raise funds in a non-public manner.
The increase in the size of the capital of the company, if approved for release, will be a positive boost to the market position, profitability, resilience and combined competitiveness of the company.
Eastern securities (600958), annual rating: capital is self-resilient, capital is in the vanguard, leading the firm ' s performance against the industry cycle has increased significantly, the potential for marketing and innovation has increased, and proactive management of performance has increased.
We look forward to the company’s future development, and we expect Li Feng, the Executive Vice-President of the Institute, to serve on the National Economic and Social Council, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.