On July 17, 2017, Shinda's brilliant push, the securities industry's perspective: a higher margin of security.
Net profits in the securities sector are expected to increase by 4.9 per cent in 2017 over the same period, with a continuation of the downward trend in brokerage and credit transaction processing rates, the volume of transactions subject to market conditions and the contribution of first-time listed revenue to sales, and the negative impact of the new refinancing regulations in the short term, with an expected 19 per cent increase in the income from the investment portfolio in 2017. The corridor operations have become a regulatory focus, with the size of the pipeline operations declining, and the revenues from the pipeline operations falling slightly in the same proportion.
The regulatory level is very concerned about business risks, and the policy environment is increasingly stifling industry valuation levels. The securities industry is currently undervalued and has a better margin of security.
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy forwards, a combination of Eastern securities (600958). Market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
Change, follow-up reviews, and if stock changes are recommended, explain. [Excellently] For the next three months, we're looking at the best, and we think that these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market.
1. Corporate development strategies are clear. The corporate development strategy is designed to become an integrated financial services investment bank, with the following major steps: first, the top 10 entering the securities industry. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and second, the three-year corporate strategic plan has four main dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, customer-driven and innovation-driven.
2. Innovative business is growing rapidly and companies are more resilient. In 2016, in a vulnerable situation, the role of innovation in supporting corporate revenue collection was evident. The company’s stock stock pledge, repurchase interest income, new three-board market turnover, etc., was a leading industry, fostering new income and profit growth points for companies.
This is higher than other listed companies in the industry. The impact of market developments on self-employed businesses in 2016 has dragged the company ' s performance throughout the year, but the current market situation is acrylicitiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing.
The company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange in December 2016, and the company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange. As an a+h-marketer, and with an increase of 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars in October 2016 for the foreign subsidiary Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), the company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange.
In terms of the company’s income structure, the share of self-employed business is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry. The market dynamics in 2016 held up the company’s performance throughout the year, but the company’s June performance brief showed that the Eastern Stock Exchange’s operating income was $1.061 billion.
A net profit of 537 million yuan, or an increase of 234.77 per cent and 240.88 per cent, respectively; cumulatively, at the end of June, the operating income of the Eastern stock parent company amounted to 2,764 million yuan, a net gain.
In July 2015, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. The securities industry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved. This report is produced and published.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.