Incidents: Eastern securities issued in mid-2017, with companies achieving operating income of $4.628 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 59.98 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies; Eastern securities (600958.sh) with management operations well above the industry average.
The market environment has improved the company’s operating income. Since 2017, a stock market has improved since the same period last year, with the two markets trading slightly back in the first half of the year, but Eastern securities, funds, and bond exchanges have grown in reverse and market shares have increased. Markets have improved not only for the benefit of the company’s brokerage, but also for the benefit of the research assistant.
In the first half of 2017, the net return on corporate investment increased by 20.71 per cent over the same period, with excellent self-employment and management performance and excellent investment management capacity. In terms of corporate income, self-employment and financial management accounted for a higher share of self-employment and elasticity than other listed companies in the industry. In the first half of 2017, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management operations was $2,072 million and $644 million, respectively, compared to the same amount.
In terms of size, corporate fully-owned subsidiaries have steadily increased the size of their fiduciary assets management and have further strengthened their proactive management advantages. In the first half of 2017, Eastern holdings managed their assets more than $170 billion; medium- and long-term performance was excellent, with proactive management accounting for as much as 96 per cent of the assets.
First Coverage: Self-Finded Specialized Bonders - Eastern Certificates, Rapid Capital Enhancement through A+h Stock Distribution, Multi-Specific Bond Financing and Self-Profit Growth of Companies, and Deep Report on Market Competition for Companies 2016.08.18
Self-employment drags down corporate profits - Eastern securities reporting, profitability, risk resistance, providing firm capital guarantees for business transformation and innovation development. Self-employment drags profitability, higher corporate performance elasticity - Eastern Evidence
Risk factors for Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.: the risk of continued decline in transaction volumes and the volatility of self-employed operations; the risk of lower access thresholds; and the underperformance of innovative operations.
\triangleright, a comparison of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, has been in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. There are multiple-dimensional research experiences at the international and national levels, and in macro-strategy and industry.
In July 2015, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. Sindha Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which has been approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.