In the securities industry, there's a continuing warmth, a return to high elasticity, a return to high elasticity, and a return to high elasticity. In the second half of the year, there has been a steady upturn in market activity, leading to a steady rise in key indicators, and a shift in banking and insurance in the larger financial sector.
The National Conference on Financial Work emphasized strict regulation and protection against financial risks, the overall regulatory environment of the securities sector remained biased, the securities industry was currently undervalued, had a better margin of security, and now had better medium- and long-term investment opportunities. The market shift in August had been maintained at a higher level of water and bamboo research assistants.
This period [excellent push] combination: Eastern securities (600958). [excellent push] is a weekly product of industry, gathering policy forwards, market hot spots, industry depths, looking for one.
The Eastern securities (600958), with only 1-2 shares, are updated on a weekly basis if the offer is not made.
The company’s development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps to that end are: first, to enter the securities industry.
Top 10. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and secondly, the three-year corporate strategic plan has four main dimensions: capital-driven, and they believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, build talent-driven, client-driven and innovation-driven.
Self-employment, management and management are excellent. Self-employment and management are relatively high in terms of the company ' s operating income, compared to other listed companies in the industry. The net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management were $2,072 million and $644 million, respectively, in the first half of 2017. On the same scale, the size of the assets management entrusted to the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiaries, the size of which is steadily increasing and the proactive management advantage is further enhanced.
The size of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is over $170 billion; medium- and long-term performance is excellent, with the size of active management accounting for up to 96 per cent of the size of entrusted asset management.
To date, the company has completed the issuance of $15 billion in bonds. In recent years, the company has seized market opportunities to rapidly increase its capital strength through the issuance of a+h shares, the financing of multiple types of bonds and the growth of the company’s own profits.
Strength, profitability, and resilience provide firm capital guarantees for business transformation and innovative development of companies.4 Performance improvement is higher than expected, looking at firm performance elasticity. From a corporate income structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry.
57.16%, well beyond current market expectations. Market conditions are now warming, and self-employment and brokerage are expected to enhance corporate performance. Related studies: First Coverage: Self-Finance-driven Specialized Bonds - Eastern Securities Insight Report (206.8.18 ), Self-Lowing Companies Decline in Profiting - An Eastern Stock Exchange (2016.8.30), Self-Lowing Level and Higher Corporate Performance Flexibility (2017.4.10), Self-Finance Performance Shows Good Performance and Performance.
In comparison, research in the financial sector started in July 2014. With international and domestic research experience in multiple dimensions, such as macro-strategy and industry. Interactions with mainstream media such as Xinhua and others are frequent.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.