On 14-15 July, the National Conference on Financial Work was held, which emphasized the need for financial work to focus on the economics of service entities, the prevention of financial risks and the deepening of financial reforms.
On 24-25 July, President Liu focused his next step on developing institutional investors, maintaining ipo normality, supporting the reorganization of public mergers and acquisitions, and expanding the two-way opening of capital markets. We believe that the two meetings revealed at least that high-level attention to financial risks, targeted capital management, and fund affiliates, on the one hand, are under considerable contractionary pressure;
On the other hand, capital markets will have important direct financing functions, investment functions, and investment opportunities. The securities industry now has historically low valuations, better security margins, and medium- and long-term investment opportunities.
This period [excellent push] combination: Eastern securities (600958). [excellent push] is a weekly product of industry, gathering policy forwards, market hot spots, industry depths, looking for one.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. Eastern securities (600958).
The company’s development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps to be taken to that end are: first, to enter the securities industry, they believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, and to build the market.
The top 10. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and secondly, the three-year corporate strategic plan has four main dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, client-driven, and innovation-driven.2 Innovative business has developed rapidly and corporate performance has become more resilient. In the case of vulnerable situations in 2016, the role of innovation in supporting corporate revenue is evident.
In terms of the company ' s revenue structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry. The impact of market dynamics on self-employment in 2016 has dragged the company ' s performance throughout the year, but the current market situation is one of interest.
Some warmth, self-employment and brokerage are expected to enhance company performance.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The company is expected to benefit from the opening of Hong Kong with the opening of the deep port in December 2016, when stocks are traded. As an a+h-marketer, in October 2016, the company increased its foreign affiliates ' Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) by 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to 2.1 billion Hong Kong yuan, thus enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
4. Performance improvement is more than expected, looking at firm performance elasticity. From a corporate income structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry.
In July 2015, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for the portfolio advisory business that the CVC has resumed. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.