On 14-15 July, the National Conference on Financial Work was held, which emphasized the need for financial work to focus on the economics of service entities, the prevention of financial risks and the deepening of financial reforms.
On 24-25 July, President Liu focused his next step on developing institutional investors, maintaining ipo normality, supporting the reorganization of public mergers and acquisitions, and expanding the two-way opening of capital markets. We believe that the two meetings revealed at least that high-level attention to financial risks, targeted capital management, and fund affiliates, on the one hand, are under considerable contractionary pressure;
On the other hand, capital markets will have important direct financing functions, investment functions, and investment opportunities. The securities industry now has historically low valuations, better security margins, and medium- and long-term investment opportunities.
This period [excellent push] combination: Eastern securities (600958). [excellent push] is a weekly product of industry, gathering policy forwards, market hot spots, industry depths, looking for one.
The Eastern securities (600958), with only 1-2 shares, are updated on a weekly basis if the offer is not made.
The company’s development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps to be taken to that end are: first, to enter the securities industry, they believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, and that the market will be built.
The top 10. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and secondly, the three-year corporate strategic plan has four main dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, client-driven, and innovation-driven.2 Innovative business has developed rapidly and corporate performance has become more resilient. In the case of vulnerable situations in 2016, the role of innovation in supporting corporate revenue is evident.
In terms of the company ' s revenue structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry. The impact of market dynamics on self-employment in 2016 has dragged the company ' s performance throughout the year, but the current market situation is one of interest.
Some warmth, self-employment and brokerage are expected to enhance company performance.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The company is expected to benefit from the opening of Hong Kong with the opening of the deep port in December 2016, when stocks are traded. As an a+h-marketer, in October 2016, the company increased its foreign affiliates ' Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) by 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to 2.1 billion Hong Kong yuan, thus enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
The company’s revenue structure shows a higher share of self-employment than that of other listed companies in the industry. In the recent past, the company’s fast-track report shows that the previous seven months’ parent companies had achieved business earnings of $3.038 billion, with net profits of $1.410 billion, an increase of 71.76% and 57.16%, respectively, well above current market expectations.
Research: First Coverage: Self-Finance-driven Specialized Bonds - Indepth Report on Eastern Securities (2016.8.18), " Self-employment-delayed corporate earnings decline -- comparison " , in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. Multi-dimensional research experience in international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry. Frequent interaction with mainstream media, such as Gyanyan, Xinhua, research assistant. Graduated in 2015 from Central University of Finance and Economics, Graduated in 2013 from Shandong University of Finance. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015, responsible for research in the financial sector.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.