July 24th, 2017, Shinda's brilliant push. Securities industry perspective: valuation restoration is expected to continue.
Net profits in the securities sector are expected to increase by 4.9 per cent in 2017 over the same period, with a continuation of the downward trend in brokerage and credit transaction processing rates, the volume of transactions subject to market conditions and the contribution of first-time listed revenue to sales, and the negative impact of the new refinancing regulations in the short term, with an expected 19 per cent increase in the income from the investment portfolio in 2017. The corridor operations have become a regulatory focus, with the size of the pipeline operations declining, and the revenues from the pipeline operations falling slightly in the same proportion.
The market is now warming, valuation repairs are expected to continue, and investment opportunities are already visible. [Excellently] portfolio: Eastern securities (600958).
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that combines policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth and is of great value to investors seeking absolute returns.
Eastern securities (600958), for which only one or two shares are added.
1. Corporate development strategies are clear. The corporate development strategy is designed to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps towards that end are set; first, entry into the securities industry is our top priority for the next three months, and I am the top ten. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely driven by self-employment; and second, the three-year strategic plan for companies has four main dimensions: capital-driven, and capital-driven.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly outpace markets, build talent-driven, client-driven, and innovation-driven.2 Innovations are growing rapidly and companies are more resilient. In a vulnerable environment in 2016, innovation has a clear role to play in supporting corporate collections.
In terms of the company’s income structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies. The impact of market performance on self-employment in 2016 has dragged the company’s performance throughout the year, but current market conditions are warmer, allowing the company to run its own business and broker business, and are expected to improve the company’s performance.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company is expected to benefit from the opening of Hong Kong with the opening of the deep port in December 2016, when stocks are traded. As an a+h-marketer, in October 2016, the company increased its foreign affiliates ' Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) by 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to 2.1 billion Hong Kong yuan, thus enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
4. Performance improvement is more than expected, looking at firm performance elasticity. From a corporate income structure, self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry.
In July 2015, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for the portfolio advisory business that the CVC has resumed. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.