August 21st, 2017: Sindha's brilliant push. Securities industry perspective: the results of the taxonomic evaluation are coming out, and the strong are going to be strong or will continue.
In 2017, the classification of coupons was evaluated, with the strong standing or continuing. Class A accounted for 41 per cent, class B for 49 per cent, and class C for 9 per cent. Of the top 10 sales earnings, only the country-based securities were rated as aaa (only 11 coupons were rated aa). The classification evaluation results served as a prudent condition for the "applications for additional business types, new business outlets, distribution of markets" etc., and were the basis for the “new business, pilot scope of new products, and promotion sequences” of high-rated coupons.
The trend will be further consolidated, and companies with low taxonomy findings will face a number of negative effects, such as more business inspections, higher rates of investor protection fund contributions. In view of the long-term trend, classification evaluation systems may lead to polarization and stronger industry patterns.
M & As restructuring is growing rapidly and directly financing the transformation of the real economy. The CSRC states that reforms and regulatory measures to promote M & As restructuring have yielded positive results, that the market is becoming more market-oriented, that the market order is more regulated, and that M & As markets are increasingly playing a larger role in promoting national economic development. By market calibre, M & As transactions in 2013 amounted to $8.89.2 billion, rising to $2.39 trillion in 2016, representing an average annual growth rate of 41.14 per cent, the second largest in the world, and M & As restructuring.
The financial workshop focused on raising the share of direct finance, with large equity and debt markets in the coming years, market hot spots, deep industries, and pursuit.
The securities industry currently has a historically low valuation, a better margin of security, and a better medium- and long-term investment opportunity. Market investment sentiment was maintained for the first two weeks of August at the top of the industry’s coverage companies.
This period [Excellent Push] Portfolio: Eastern Securities (600958). They believe that these stock trends will significantly defeat the market and build Eastern Securities (600958).
The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps to that end are set out: first, to enter the securities industry.
In Beijing, the top 10 are located in the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side, 9th Street. Because of the weakness of the company’s brokering business, it is largely driven by its own business: second, the three-year strategic plan for the company has four main dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, client-driven, and innovation-driven.
In 2016, the role of innovation in supporting corporate revenue was evident in the vulnerable context. The company’s stock stock pledges back interest income, the new three-board market turnover, etc., led the way, fostering new income and profit growth points for the company. From the company’s revenue structure, self-employment is higher and more resilient than other listed companies in the industry. The market situation in 2016 has held up the company’s performance throughout the year, but the current market situation is more volatile.
The company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange in December 2016, and the company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange. As an a+h-marketer, and with an increase of 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars in October 2016 for the foreign subsidiary Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), the company is expected to benefit from the start-up of the Hong Kong stock exchange.
In terms of the company’s revenue structure, the share of self-employment is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry. Recently, the company’s fast-track report showed that the parent company had achieved business income of $3.038 billion in the previous seven months, with a net profit of $1,410 billion, or 71.76% and an increase of $71.76%, respectively, over the previous seven months.
57.16%, well beyond current market expectations. Market dynamics are now warming, allowing companies to run their own business and brokering operations, and are expected to improve corporate performance.
In July 2015, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for the portfolio advisory business that the CVC has resumed. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.