With a steady recovery in the trajectories, the Chinese bus (601766.sh) official network of China will benefit from demand. Since 30 May, several announcements have been issued to optimize the prices of high-iron cars, including:
We believe that the single-day increase is a catalyst for the high-fixed fare. The increase in passenger traffic, the recovery of the base of railway equipment, and the imminent bidding for iron.
Van, over the past three years, the bid for iron-driven cars has been far below the average of previous years. In 2019-2022, we put in 5474 km, 2,000 km, 2168 km, 2082 km, respectively.
The density of 0.8 vehicles/km requires the addition of a motor vehicle complex of 1172 units. As a result of the disease since 2020, the number of railway passengers arriving has declined significantly, the investment in fixed railway assets has continued to decline, and the group, of which only 29.5 and 87 units were purchased in 2021 and 2022, respectively, and the number of moving teams exists.
In the kilometre, an additional 250 units are required. Five-high iron passenger traffic is restored beyond expectations, some lines are high, iron lines are hard to get, and all cars are sold out at the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge. We believe that the traffic is over-expected or has led the iron to re-engineer the bidding plan and expand vehicle purchases.
The resumption of passenger traffic also boosts the need for vehicle maintenance. In mid-2022, vehicle repair exceeded the revenue of $30.008 billion, representing 37.3% of railway equipment operations, with the maintenance income of the mobile unit accounting for about one and a half and the income of the mobile group approximately 50%. On the one hand, the country has a high iron unit.
High, major repairs are under way, and the demand for maintenance is expected to be released further over the past three years, owing to the low maintenance and maintenance needs of vehicles, which have become more efficient, as passenger traffic resumes. On the other hand, based on the data from previous years, the level of profit from company maintenance operations has generally been higher than that of the entire vehicle, so that this year's return to passenger traffic has been accompanied by a recovery in passenger traffic.
By statistical caliber, the business climate is gradually returning steadily, and it is hoped that it will be maintained as travel flows move. The company is expected to benefit as a leading, well-developed, technology-class supplier of equipment on a global scale.
The new industry flourished, creating a second development curve. The company’s new business, which in 2022 had a real operating income of $77 billion, reached 35 per cent, with 2301 operating in excess of railway equipment.
The new medium-sized industry consists mainly of wind foliage (market share second), new energy car parts (including electric power, power drive, igbt, etc.), new materials, environmental equipment, etc.
10%. For the company ' s future, it will benefit from this year ' s iron tender in the short term, and the railway equipment needs are expected to recover; in the long run, the turnkey equipment business will serve as a fundamental vehicle for the company ' s long-term sound development and will build a second-growth curve through the parallel development of new industry operations.
Investment Recommendations: In the context of the Mid-Assessment, the NCC ' s requirement for a medium-sized car is for a world-class firm, and we believe that the valuation can be done for the Westgate, Alston, and so on, and that most of the historical valuation areas are personally committed to producing the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
The London School of Political and Economics, a master’s degree in economics, eight years in securities practice, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. In 2016, the best share of new wealth was awarded to the University of France, a master’s degree in engineering from Harbin Industrial University, and in 2018, a member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.