q1 railway equipment operations are growing rapidly, and the traffic is going to build up the Chinese Chinese vehicle (601766.sh). In recent days, the company has published a quarterly report for 2023.
Revenue from the industry was $32.379 billion, an increase of 5.65 per cent in the same year; the company achieved a net return of $615 million in the first quarter, an increase of 18.01 per cent in the same year; the non-net profit of $204 million was realized; and the economy was diluted.
During the first quarter of the year, the company achieved an operating income of $8,641 million in railway equipment operations, which was 61.53 per cent higher than in the previous quarter: $7,310 million in urban rail and urban infrastructure operations, compared to the previous quarter, where the company recorded a significant increase in rail equipment operations, mainly moving cars and trains.
As a result of this increase, the motor vehicle business earned $2,559 million, the bus business earned $171 million, the motor vehicle business earned $3,732 million and the train business earned $2,179 million. The company's urban track and the urban infrastructure business earned 34.19 per cent less than the same period in the previous year, mainly because of the fact that the company's business income was lower than in the previous year.
The growth in the business of the new industry is mainly due to the increase in income from products such as storage systems, new materials, etc. In the context of the domestic tradable equipment market, the construction of trunk lines, the liberalization of railway operations, and the growing diversification of investment operators, we believe that there is a need to improve the quality of services available.
The company’s deep-farming railway equipment will remain a market leader in the new industrial competition. The railway’s fixed-assets investment has been on a good scale during the past quarter, and the track industry is getting better.
Road fixed asset investments are showing a better performance. According to Ministry of Transport data, goods volume is 1,87 billion tons in one quarter, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year; transport fixed asset investment is 7,205 million yuan, an increase of 13.3 per cent in the same year.
This represents an increase of $113.6 billion and a cumulative increase of 17.6 per cent over the previous quarter in capital investment in the railway transport sector.
The atmosphere is gradually returning steadily, and it is hoped that it will be maintained as the flow of travel moves continues. Companies are expected to benefit from a global lead, full-scale, and technologically high-quality supplier of equipment on the rails, with overall industry rising, growing performance throughout the year, and growing steadily over the long term.
In the face of the strategic plan of the Tenth Five-Year Plan, companies will strengthen the foundation, build up the capacity, be proactive, be proactive, be responsive to the challenges, explore the patterns of change, take advantage of the opportunities, and manage the future.
The company's main business approach will be to keep the overall tone of the work, anchor the world's top corporate goals, lock in high-quality development poles, focus on the “seven new breakthroughs”, stimulate the “three main thrusts”, optimize the “four mechanisms”, capture the “eight priorities” and strive to achieve qualitative effectiveness.
A reasonable increase in both the ups and downs, creating a new pattern of high-quality development across the board, and increasing performance. Investment proposal: Given the company’s leadership in the equipment industry on track, the current industry landscape and its profitability, we expect a steady growth in corporate performance.
We are committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, eight years in Securities, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, University of Harbin Industries, 2018; member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.