It's still good for profit, pending the recovery of the railways and new operations.
(a) The urban track and urban infrastructure operations achieved operating revenues of $5,572.9 million, an increase of 2.15 per cent over the same period;
At the same time, companies are determined to promote local railways and industrial and mining markets, promote municipal railways, ppp projects, cross-border markets, and actively pursue multi-routine development.
In the context of the liberalization of operations and the growing diversification of investment operators, we believe that the company’s extensive experience of deep-farming railway equipment will remain a market leader in the new industrial competition. Railway fixed-assets investments have been reduced slightly, and corporate profitability has remained stable.
In the last two years, the volume of fixed-assets investment in railways has been slightly reduced, with cumulative completion of $71.09 billion in 2022, the volume of rail passenger traffic has declined over the same period, the volume of rail cargo transport has continued to grow, and the performance of the rail industry has been somewhat reticent, but corporate profitability has remained relatively high.
In the context of the construction of a modern integrated transport system, the company will grow profitably and steadily with more efficient, environmentally friendly and reliable railing equipment.
New industries provide important growth points for international operations with core competitiveness. Companies have expanded their involvement in new industries. In 2022, they achieved growth in energy storage equipment, new energy vehicles, and wind and wind equipment, with wind and power generating revenues of $30,843 million.
During the reporting period, the growth of offshore fleets, urban rail and rail operations in overseas operations led to an increase of 21.7% in the company’s overseas operating income and the progressive realization of the sea.
The company, as a global leader, well-developed, technology-class equipment supplier, is expected to sustain steady growth over the long term. Investment advice: taking into account the company’s leading position in the equipment industry on track, the current industry landscape
We expect that corporate performance will continue to grow steadily. With the company's goal of “making plus services” and system solution providers providing high-quality products and services, we commit ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects our research views.
The London School of Political and Economics, a master’s degree in economics, eight years in securities practice, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. In 2016, the best share of new wealth was awarded to the University of France, a master’s degree in engineering from Harbin Industrial University, and in 2018, a member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.