The core profits are growing steadily, and the integrated layout builds advantages.
The share in the new Olympics, published in the semi-annual report of 2023, achieved a revenue of 67,170 million yuan in the first half of the year, a decrease of 8.15 per cent, and a net gain of 2,204 million yuan (net of 1,381 million yuan), an increase of the same year. The cash share is no less than 30 per cent of the core profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
There has been an increase in profitability, free cash flows plentiful and core profits from the impact of the Liang Yunan and one-off projects amounting to 3,169 million yuan (year-on-year +30.93 per cent), free cash.
Gold currents, $1.946 billion. The company’s main business continues to grow, coupled with prudent financial management, and successive years of free cash flows are supporting the firm’s steady increase in its rate of distribution.
Total sales of natural gas by 2023h1 amounted to 18,062 million (a year-on-four.1 per cent). In the first half of the year, gas consumption showed a gradual recovery of 1949 billion (a year-on-year + 6.7 per cent). Direct sales: direct sales by 23h1 amounted to 2,236 million (a year-on-year + 11.7 per cent) with a price difference.
For the first half of the year, the company signed a new contract with the United States company Chelney, and Chevron, Doldar, has set prices for the next five years and signed a medium- and long-term purchase and sale contract with China Oil and a cooperation agreement with the canoe facility.
Over 10 million tonnes/year cumulatively, access to these JCMB resources has led to a gradual increase in corporate autonomy and a further optimization of the resource structure.
Field insight, excellent safety management, and leading general concepts of energy, cementing natural gas zero, creating a landscape ecology of natural gas, creating an integrated industrial layout Upstream gas sources: companies create diversified and resilient resource pools, and on the one hand, increase
On the other hand, the international pool of resources is continuously optimized, and efforts are being made to build an international lang tank.
One is the establishment of an international resource irradiation nationwide with a strong delivery network, supported by the Choonshan project, with active links to ecological partners; the second is a rich delivery network, with access to key access download points, and the promotion of cross-provincial and trans-network connections; downstream clients: the company has 254 urban gas projects, with 20 markets covering the entire country.
The company relies on a large client base to develop integrated energy operations and value-added operations to meet the demand for diversified, low-carbon green energy products and services.
The company has now successfully acquired Sandong Province Peak Engineering Design Limited to acquire power regulation, design, consulting qualifications and professional capabilities to rapidly develop the foundations for new energy operations. In addition, the company has made significant efforts to expand the external market, with an aggregate of $6,757 million in hand orders, of which hydrogen
During the reporting period, a new contract was signed for a demonstration project for the integration of hydrogen from the green electric system and hydrogen energy from the energy utility, Inc., to produce 660 tons of hydrogen per year after delivery; a contract was signed for the liquidization and re-gasification of 1 million m3/d natural gas from the Sook gas field in Kazakhstan;
The Victory Field carbon dioxide-drive pilot project, the company’s first single ccus project, provides the basis for a subsequent low-carbon business development. Gas demand is not as high as expected; and market prices for ng, both domestic and foreign, are exceeding expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
In January 2022, he joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute of China in 2021, where he worked in the public utility sector.