There has been a sharp increase in domestic sales and significant rehabilitation of retail gas gross differences (600803.sh) due mainly to a decline in non-cash factors such as fair value gains, exchange gains and losses.
The annual share of cash is no less than 30% of the core profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. The recovery in domestic gas consumption has been marked by a sharp increase in domestic direct domestic sales of 2023h1, with a billion-dollar increase of 6.7% compared to 6.7% in the same year, and a recovery in natural gas consumption as a result of the economic recovery.
2023h1 achieved a total gas sales volume of 18,062 million, a 4.11 per cent decrease in the same year; of this, 2,236 million were directly sold, representing an increase of 11.74 per cent in the same year (1,09 billion, a decrease of 6.91 per cent in the same year (7,979 million, a decrease of 11.7 per cent in the same year);
Upstream gas prices have stabilized, downstream positives have continued to improve, company retail gas price differentials have improved significantly in the first half of the year Oil contract gas prices have shrunk significantly, civil gas contract coverage has increased, market extraction prices have declined significantly (in July, lang from China fell 26.6 per cent compared to the previous year)
The CIF fell by 57.1% on a year-on-year basis, together contributing to the recovery of the cost of upstream gas purchases by companies; the marketization of our natural gas prices has continued to advance, with emphasis on adjusting residential gas prices since this year, and some of the non-resident gas prices that were not adjusted last year have continued to rise.
A smooth stack with a better downstream surplus, with companies achieving a retail gas gross gap of 0.52 yuan/moderate in the first half of the year, with a difference of $10.9/million in heating (same as -59.6 per cent), a persistent gap in overseas gas prices, and companies pre-empting International Association of Governors profits through a paper-based combination, with a continuing high gross difference,
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
\triangleright gas: On June 26, 2023, the company signed a new h-link agreement with the United States of America.
The contract volume, 1.8 million tonnes/year, was supplied for a period of 20 years from 2026 and, to date, the company has signed five hh-linked low-price associations with the United States supplier lang; on 7 July, the company signed a medium- and long-term contract with China Oil for the purchase and sale of natural gas, further increasing the advantages of domestic and foreign sources of gas;
In 2023-2024, the company was committed to direct domestic gas sales, while the profit from high-freight overseas resale operations was expected to continue; after 2025, it was hung up with hh.
The company’s direct sales business is expected to remain high. Retail gas: companies have a stable, diversified domestic resource pool, with downstream business users selling about 80% of the gas, supporting the good price of public-private combustion operations; the domestic economy recovered in 2023 as international gas prices stabilized.
Sioux, where gas consumption is expected to rise in a resilient way, we expect a higher rate of retail gas growth in companies, and a further recovery of retail gross spreads. Integrated energy services are growing at a sharper pace, looking at the future market space for integrated energy under the “double carbon” goal.
2023h1 has completed construction and put into operation 42 general energy projects, with a cumulative total of 252 active energy projects, bringing together 15,664 million kilowatt-hours of combined energy sales for companies, including cold, heat, electricity, steam, etc., a 45 per cent increase over the same period. At the same time, 62 general energy projects are under construction.
After all the projects built and delivered reach 45 billion kilowatts of potential combined energy sales. With the continued landing of our carbon management thinking and the continuation of low-carbon rehabilitation and construction in industrial parks, the country’s integrated energy services market is expected to open up.
Profit forecasting and rating: The New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas and are effective against fluctuations in gas prices \triangleright, supporting sustained robust growth in profitability.
(a) ACVM gas sources, downstream domestic sales are synchronized with international resale operations and, with the opening of domestic markets and the implementation of more ACVM, the high growth and high profitability of direct sales is expected to continue; and the upstream pool of resources for retail gas operations of companies is diversified and stable, with a continuous improvement in downstream favourable prices;
With the benefits of a return to international gas prices, a recovery in the domestic economy, a recovery in the retail gas volume of companies, and a repair of the retail gas gross margin; the growth of the company ' s integrated energy business, which is bright, as the country ' s carbon management thinking continues, industrial parks, factories, construction low-carbon renovations and construction continue.
Risk factors: severe downs in the domestic economy and less than expected increases in natural gas consumption; lower than expected construction of receiving stations; lower than expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016. The Alliance ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector, has been responsible for research on large energy panels since 2019. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute of Coal
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied coal and electricity, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he worked in coal and coal industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee-Swie, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022, working in the coal industry. Tang Jiayyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.