New Olympics shares (60803), public utilities have increased their sales volumes, and the red will show confidence in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
The achievement of a net return of $2.20 billion, an increase of 29.9 per cent in the same year; the realization of a core profit of $3.17 billion, an increase of 30.9 per cent in the same year, net of the impact of non-cash items and one-time items; and the firm's commitment to allocate cash dividends for the next three years by an annual increase of not less than $0.15/units (including taxes) to demonstrate management confidence.
The company has a diversified and flexible pool of capital, one that raises the three oil contracts, secures the base plate, reduces the cost of using it, the other, grabs the signing window, continuously optimizes the international pool, and owns the natural gas pool.
Over 10 million tonnes/year. The company owns 500 million units of its own gas storage facilities and collects 62 million units of its own gas storage capacity through a virtual combination of 23, Qingshan, and Guangzhou, and 254 urban gas projects covering 20 provinces across the country, mostly along the south-east coast, where gas consumption is above the national average.
In the developed regions, companies have a strong distribution capacity and performance delivery capacity to effectively meet customer demand The retail operations of natural gas have declined and the volume of gas sold has increased at a sharp rate. 2023h1, the total volume of natural gas sold was 18.1 billion, a 4 per cent decline compared to the same period, with direct sales/retail/breathing volume of gas at 22/12.2 billion/37 billion, respectively.
One billion parties, just like the other - 23 per cent/+96 per cent, with a sharp increase in the volume of direct sales, the company has signed a new contract with the United States company Chelney, with 1.8 million tons/year, and with Chevron, Dordall and China, has set prices for the next five years, and signed medium- and long-term purchase and sale contracts and cooperation agreements with China and China for the use of the canyon facility to further optimize the resource structure.
High growth in sales is expected. • There are plenty of integrated energy projects in progress, and construction has accumulated $6.8 billion in hand orders. 2023h1, combined energy sources sold 15.7 billion kWh, a 45 per cent increase over the same period, with a ratio of the respective sales of steam/cool, heat/electricity.
In terms of construction, companies have made significant efforts to expand the external market, with an aggregate of $6.76 billion in hand orders.
New Olympic shares (600803), natural gas operations are growing steadily, and integrated energy sources are growing efficiently (2023-03-26)
2. New Olympics shares (600803), with three phases of expansion of storage capacity and sufficient cash flow for development purposes No direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or observations in this report.