Direct sales growth & repair of retail price differentials, with high points of corporate confidence (600803.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
• Direct sales growth & retail price spread repair, with high scores highlighting corporate confidence and maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 2023. Companies reported operating income of $67.17 billion in the first half of 2023, corresponding to 8.2 per cent; the impact of real value changes, exchange gains and losses, etc., declined. In 2023, company 1 profit growth benefited from direct domestic sales.
• Direct sales of gas contributed to higher performance, retail exchange-rate mechanisms continued to improve Direct sales of natural gas: 2023h1 direct sales of $2.24 billion, i.e. + 11.2 per cent, direct sales by companies since 2022.
Gas retailing: 12.16 billion, or 6.9 per cent, of retail gas volume in the first half of the year, with business and industry, with more upswings in residential gas prices, smoother price regimes, and company retail hair spreads or will continue to grow. Natural gas wholesale: 3.67 billion, or 2.8 per cent, of total gas volume in the first half of the year: integrated energy operations: public services.
A total of 42 projects were completed and put into operation, with a cumulative total of 252 projects delivered, with 15,664 million kilowatt-hours sold for cold, heat, electricity, etc., compared to +45.0% per cent. Energy production: coal production declined, with 1.88 million tons of coal sold in the first half of the year, compared to 26.8 per cent, mainly as a result of the replacement of contractors.
• Integration of energy operations into the construction of natural gas smart ecological operators
Roughly locked gas sources: 1.8 million tonnes/year of the company’s new contract with the president of the United States company Chelney, and 2 million tonnes of decision-making contracts entered into force in the first half of the year. Chevron, Dordall and China have set prices for the next five years, and have signed medium- and long-term purchase and sale contracts with China Oil and a cooperation agreement with China Oil on the use of the canyon facility.
The CHRAJ accumulated more than 10 million tonnes/year of resources and built an international lang tank to capture 10 lang ships.
The physical industry is structured to optimize the distribution model by integrating domestic and foreign resources, creating a period advantage for natural gas and integrated services – corporate annual reports and quarterly reviews, integrated smart operating platforms, and a significant increase in the sales of combined energy such as cold, heat, electricity, etc.
2023.4.29 Platform: Introduction of online trading platforms by companies to meet user dynamics, with the addition of the first half of the year ' s good gas network platform, Direct Marketing & Coal Major Contribution, 3-quarterly report core
The number of certified users is 597 and the volume of the transaction is 2.69 billion yuan, gmv 9.08 billion yuan.