New Olympics shares (60803.sh) 23h1 direct sales lead to a 30% increase in the net return to the mother, with a red commitment to show confidence in development.
With a small drop in revenue, direct sales contributed to the growth of core profits. 2023h1, the company achieved operating income of $67.170 billion (-8.15 per cent) and lower gas prices in the first half of the year, resulting in a decline in gas sales revenue; the net return to the mother earned profits of $3.169 billion (+30.93 per cent), mainly as a result of the increase in direct sales profits.
A sustained expansion of the gas resource pool, with more than 10 million tonnes/year. The company signed up with the new president of the United States company Chelney, 1.8 million tonnes/year, with the effect of a final investment decision-making contract made by the nettdecade 2 million tonnes/year, with Chevron and Daudar setting prices for the next five years and signing medium- and long-term purchases with China Oil.
The contract and the canoe facility used a cooperation agreement to accumulate more than 10 million tons of natural gas resources per year. At the same time, the company expands unconventional resources such as Xinjiang, Da Tang Energy, Shanxi Coal, Chongqing Shale, etc., and continuously expands the gas pool to reduce the cost of gas and improves the safety of the gas source.
The company builds gas industry intelligence, operates gas networks, links gas demand side and supply side, provides scene data, empowers and aggregate gas industry ecological parties, and solves supply-demand matching problems. 2023h1, good gas network recognition.
597 certificate users, with 2.69 billion shares and 9.08 billion shares; cumulative certified 2981 users, with 18.8 billion shares and 52.4 billion dollars.
The share is not less than 10 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the current year, and the accumulated benefits are distributed in cash over the last three years.
Annual increases are no less than 0.15 US$/equity (including taxes). As at 31 July, companies held a New Olympic energy investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Billion dollars, 8.15 per cent lower than the previous year, and international domestic gas prices fell, resulting in lower sales revenues in the first half of the year; Māori rates and net interest rates rose in the same year, with higher cost rates. The increase in corporate revenue of 1.60 ct, which benefited from the growth of direct sales, was mainly due to a marked increase in net interest rates.
Billion Dollars (+6.08%); Reduction in current loan repayments and bond cash outflows, positive financing cash flows, net currents, figure 6: Three cost ratios for companies continuously expanding the pool of gas sources, direct sales contributing to core profit growth.
18 million tonnes/year, 2 million tonnes/year, final investment decision-making contracts are in effect, and Chevron, Dowdall, has set prices for the next five years and has signed medium- and long-term purchase contracts with China Oil and cooperation agreements with the canoe facility, which has accumulated more than 10 million tonnes/year.
Unconventional resources such as Gwanghua, Da Tang Energy, Shanxi Coal and Chongqing Shale Gas have continued to expand the pool of natural gas, reducing the cost of gas use and improving the safety of gas sources. 2023h1, in direct sales, retail gas and batches of companies, the amount of gas used by business and industry is 9.18 billion, a decrease of 8.9 per cent compared to the previous 8.9 per cent, and the amount of gas used by residents is 2.806 billion.
The same 1.3% increase in profits from the current period’s direct sales business contributed to the same increase in corporate core profits. The creation of smart platforms for gas networking, conglomerates and upgrades in the enabling industries.
Eco-side, solves supply-demand matching problems. 2023h1, good gas grids have 597 new certified users, trading on a billion-dollar scale, with a cumulative value of $52.4 billion.
Not less than 10 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the current year, and not less than 30 per cent of the annual distributed profits realized in the last three years accumulated in cash; the annual increase in the distribution of the cash dividend in the next three years (02,688.hk) was not low, and as at 31 July, the company held 369 million shares in the New Olympic Energy, representing the share of the issued shares.
Investment recommendations: increase profit forecasts to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Taking into account fluctuations in domestic and foreign gas prices, and the firm's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; author's failure to study it in the past, now or in the future