National gold foliage medicine (600196.sh) 3-quarter delay, research and development into harvest.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average 3-quarterly report of ambulatory medicine 2017: income of 12.960 billion, 21.83 per cent increase in year-on-year, net profit return of 24.19 billion, increase of 11.13 per cent increase in year-on-year, net profit of 1.856 billion non-returned mothers, increase in year-on-year
11.70 per cent of the net cash flow from operating activities was 1,723.4 million, an increase of 13.12 per cent over the same period. The reconstitution of the anti-tnf alpha anti-bodies fluids developed by the controlling subsidiary, Hwang Hanyan Biotechnology Co. Ltd., Shanghai, in the course of the first quarter of the year, was used to initiate clinical ii experiments for the treatment of filamental silver chip adaptive disorders.
Litoque anti-injection fluids for non-Hoochkin lymphoma treatment, developed by Hwang Hanjian, are accepted for review by the National Directorate of Monitoring and Administration of Drugs.
(b) As a domestic biopharmaceutical leader, P. 2. Modification of the gland acquisition programme, breakthroughs in internationalization - recovery of resistance to R & D into the harvest period and sustained high R & D investment to ensure future growth.
a. R & D costs of $700 million, an increase of 45.90 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the continued increase in research and development into harvest period, innovation-driven integrated medical kits, monoclonal antibody bioinnovants and bio-like drugs, small molecular innovators and research and development inputs;
4. " Income over-expected, innovation-driven integrated medical groups far from b. domestic declared production of rectangular antibiotic analogues for cd20 targets, currently in the country "
Aerial-Regular Medicines, 201.7.4.28 The City's Reedoven Anti-Injection fluid is only Merowa of Shanghai Rhode Pharmaceuticals Ltd. According to Acquisition of Cml Surplus, accelerated innovation driven
Imschpa, 2016, Litosha's anti-injection fluids were sold in China at about RMB 1.5 billion. It is estimated that the market penetration rate is 10%, and we believe that the market penetration rate will gradually increase in the future, assuming peak penetration, as biochemistry is listed and health coverage is covered.
The rate is 40%, with more than one third of the drug users covered, and the discounted value is more than 1 billion: the fastest clinic in the country, followed by the state cell, the Sinda creature, and the clinical period for rheumatism-like arthritis in the same area.
c. Reconfigured anti-tnfa monoclonal antibodies developed by Haruhan Biotechnology Co. Ltd.
During the year, the tnf alpha inhibitor was sold in China for about 950 million yuan. d. Anti-star medicine, as a domestic biopharmacist, entered the harvest period.
It is divided into biosimilar, biobetter, innovative biopharmaceuticals; re-assembly of human rats, anticd20 monoclonal antibody fluid declaration production, injection re-organisation of her2 monograms, 111 phase of the Long antibody clinic, and at the first team, with 3-5 new projected for the coming year
The product has entered clinical phase 111: and the priority products have been synchronized in international clinical work to promote the internationalization of core superior products. At the same time, the company has restructured the insulin injection, recombined the glyph insulin injection, recombined the recombination of the lysium and injected fluid into the clinical stage, which is expected to be completed in 18 years.
Overall, after many years of investment, the company has entered the harvest period for biological medicines. The company’s own operations have continued to grow at a high rate, as a result of a combination of state drug control and performance.a. The National Drug Control Unit earned $20.8418 billion in the first and third quarters of 2017, a net 8.10 per cent increase.
We believe that the performance of the National Drug Control Unit is expected to improve as two-vote, zero-sum, etc. policies are in place and price reduction and return payments are gradually put in place. The nuclear self-employment module is growing at a high rate.
(b) Pharmaceutical plates: A high rate of growth in the number of beneficiary species. The core species of platinum, pre-delegnant milk, non-buzzitor, pequetic sodium di sodium have entered health care in 2017 and have been released at an accelerated rate;
There has been a rapid increase in the sale of artemisinin-based ammonium antimalarial products in the core products of cardiovascular care (Eudier) and anti-infection treatment. More than 3,500 people have now grown.
Overall, we expect the company's pharmaceutical plate to be c. Medical services: scale effects are emerging, with high performance growth.
The construction of the State Institute of Harmony and the Shanghai-Photo-dong Hospital is also under way. The construction of projects such as the Tsaizhou Zhedong Hospital, the Tamerin Cardiovascular Hospital, the Tamerin Brain Hospital, and the Jong-hoon Hospital and the Guangzi Hospital are actively seeking new opportunities for medical treatment and acquisition.
The strategic layout of a combination of high-end medical care, second- and third-line municipal specialists and general hospitals.d. Medical instruments and medical diagnostics: hpv reagents, medical beauty packagings and dental digital products.
Sisiram's successful listing in Hong Kong has been based on an active integration effort to expand its cooperative business with offshore enterprises and to seek investment opportunities and the introduction of high-end medical devices in fine domestic and foreign appliances, with the aim of providing accurate medical care.
(e) Medical distribution and retailing: The distribution network under the National Drug Control Unit has covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government of China. We believe that as the two-vote system lands, the impact of distribution on state control will decline, but direct sales and retail operations will continue to grow at a high rate and will benefit from the future.
Increased concentration of industries and greater profits from value-added services from the industrial chain.f. Internationalization: completing the acquisition of India’s gland, relying on its platforms to expand overseas markets. To date, more than a dozen raw materials have passed through the United States of America, the European Union, the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare and the German Health Service, among others.
One raw drug passed the WHO-pq certification, and one oral solid agent production line was certified by Chongqing Pharmacists through Health Canada and fda certification in the United States. ▪ To reiterate our recommended logic: the constant profit/loss ratio of the compound medicine is increasing in terms of profit structure
High, increasing share of drugs and devices in recurrent gains and losses; significant annual increases in R & D inputs to value restructuring; years of investment in R & D and medical services into harvest period; and companies turning over vehicles into agent exports and cell therapy through mergers and acquisitions of gland, joint ventures with kite, etc.
On the whole, the re-star medicine became an innovative-driven, integrated medical group, with a high market position and a further opening of future space. Without taking gland into account, we expect the company to return net profits in 17-19, respectively.
30.9/35.6.4140 million and if gland sodium hepato is successfully injected in the United States, it is expected that the gland as a whole will have a profit of between RMB 200-300 million, which will be further adjusted according to the pace of the product. Taking into account the valuation re-engineering resulting from the improved profit structure of the company and the harvest period for research and development,
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.