The re-stardry (600196) pharmaceutical biology is performing as expected, and biopharmaceutical research and development is advancing steadily at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
One billion (+11%) and a net profit of $1.86 billion (+12%) from withholding and returning to the mother. Sisram has completed the segmentation of the market and the medical dragon head has developed. The sisram main energy source medical equipment, including lasers, strong pulses, infrareds, radio frequencies, etc., is used mainly for medical beauty and microcreation therapy.
With revenues of $100 million, $110 million (+9 per cent) and $120 million (+7 per cent) in 2014-2016, segmentation has helped to broaden sisram ' s access to finance, speed up resource consolidation, speed up product R & D and outreach, complete glandpharma acquisitions, and internationalize further.
About 74% of the stock acquisitions, with no more than $1.09 billion. Glandpharma, India’s first manufacturing firm for injecting drug production approved by the United States of America, acquired high-quality pharmaceutical production capacity and an efficient regulatory market registration capacity.
Strong profitability, with revenues of about RMB 1.5 billion (+10 per cent) in fiscal year 2017 (2016q2-2017q1), and net profits of about RMB 400 million (+32 per cent), is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, given that Glandpharma has 26 danda batches and 100 Darda varieties under review.
• Continued high-intensity R & D investment and steady progress in biopharmaceutical development. The company attaches great importance to R & D investment and is actively developing cutting-edge areas of biopharmaceuticals, such as building a leading national research and development platform for bio-like drugs, and working with the global cyto-epidemiology pioneer kite to build an immunization treatment industry platform.
700 million yuan, a 46 per cent increase over the same period, was used mainly for single antibiotics, small molecular innovations and consistency evaluations.The company announced on 30 October that Litosha single anti-injection fluids (bio-like drugs) were used for non-Hoochkin lymphoma treatments were reviewed for cfda drug registration, and the antitnf-α monohuman cloning antibodies were reorganized (biological)
According to Imschpa, in 2016, Litochone and tnf-α inhibitors achieved steady progress in sales of biological drugs of about 1.5 billion yuan and tnf-α, respectively, in China, and innovative drug research and development in the harvest period will provide a catalyst for companies to upgrade their valuations.
Intensity R & D promotes product innovation (2017-08-30) 2. Anti-Starry Medicines (600196): sisram has not developed, has not received, nor will it receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.