Restar medicine (600196.sh) Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital, medical services next to city Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital is one of the largest private level 3 hospitals in Shenzhen City and has a second generation of assisted reproduction centres. Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital is a department of health and family planning in Shenzhen City.
The Board approved the establishment of a for-profit medical institution, which was opened in 2004 in the heart of Shenzhen City and built the Qingxing Medicine Chang, with over 800 professional doctors, technicians and operating management teams; it is now the Shenzhen City Regulations.
One of the three largest private for-profit general hospitals; at the same time, its second generation assisted reproduction centre has reached 10,000 people, with more than 600,000 visits in 2016. The Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital received its main operating income in 2016.
RMB 325.93 million to realize a net profit of RMB 40.37 million; in January-June 2017, the Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital realized a net profit income of RMB 162.1 million and a net profit income of RMB 2.
The value of the acquisition is reasonable and the synergy is clear. 1) The type of acquisition is reasonable.
2.5-5 times the amount of income, the transaction is equal to about 4.5 times the amount received by Hengsheng Hospital ' s main business in 2016. 2) Synergy is reflected in: the construction of regional assisted reproductive centres for general gynaecology; and the evaluation of the Mission ' s Expeditions-Retrogical Medicine Corporation, 2017.8.30.
Existing hospitals form a regional synergy, team and management output. By buying it, Xinxing medicine can use 5. "In excess of income expectations, innovation drives an integrated medical group far away from the second generation of assisted reproductive centers in Shenzhen Hesing Hospital to build a level-III assisted reproductive education in Shenzhen and even in South China. "
The Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital will become the regional medical platform for the restar medicine in Shenzhen City and is expected to become a comprehensive health service for the deep-seated urban communities.
(a) The group's mother has played an important role in the expansion of health services in the south of the country;
The Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital will also use its professional advantages as a training base for the upgrading of medical management, medical technology and medical services in the other member hospitals of the Qingxing Medicine Hospital.
Li Ying Lei, with more beds, will soon form a multi-bed medical complex, with synergies and scale effects.
The company has an excellent management team in the field of medical services, which ensures long-term stability in the company's operations a. Since it entered the field of medical services in 2009, a number of hospital investments have been made and purchased, and the initial formation of high-end medical care in developed coastal cities, second-line municipal specialists and polyclinics has been established.
The combined strategic layout has become an industry leader in the investment and management of hospitals. b. The current scale effect is largely in the form of joint purchasing + management of exports. Companies reduce costs through joint purchasing, which leads to an increase in the Māori rate, which we believe will be raised in the future with the market.
The expansion, the bargaining power of the medical community, will be much more significant. As hospitals mature, become more managerial and operational, and well-qualified doctors emerge, this will lead to the consolidation of the company’s new hospital, the training and the acquisition of new hospitals, which is expected to increase further in size.
In addition to the synergies between hospitals, there will be greater synergy between the company’s pharmaceutical services and its pharmaceutical operations.c. Resonance has an excellent management team in the field of medical services.
At a time when the value of M & As was generally higher, Remorts stopped large-scale M & As, focusing on the integration and improved management efficiency of existing hospitals, it seems extremely wise to do this: second, companies strategically avoided the more competitive front-line cities, avoided them.
Instead of competing with public hospitals in first-line cities, efforts are focused on two or three-line cities, where public hospital reforms are taking place and are growing rapidly in the Blue Sea. Meanwhile, the Inter-Torian, relying on the existing medical services at the highest end of the spectrum, d. Retrospectively, is expected to work with insurance companies, etc.
▪ To reaffirm our recommended logic of increasing competitiveness through a step-by-step enrichment of their product categories and profitability.
To value the re-engineering; research and development and medical services, after many years of investment, into the harvest period; companies, through mergers and acquisitions of gland, joint ventures with kite, overcrowding, entering the first echelons of agent exports and cell therapy.
High and future space opened further. Without taking the gland list into account, we expect net return profits for the company in 17-19 to be 30.9/35.6 and 4.140 million, respectively, and if the gland iono injection is successfully approved in the United States, it is expected that it will be possible for the company to make a net return profit of 300.9/35.6 and 4.140 million, respectively.
The gland as a whole for 18 years, with profits between 200 and 300 million yuan, will be further adjusted according to the progress of the product. Taking into account the valuation re-engineering resulting from the improved profit structure of the company and the harvest period for R & D, the relevant report rating ratios in the market will be analysed
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.