Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk)
Innovative medicines will gradually enter the harvest period and research and development capabilities will be re-recognized: companies will be rich in single-resistant R & D pipelines and, after many years of investment, will be gradually entering the harvest period: the registration review of cfda antibiotics developed by companies will receive a notification of registration, the declaration is faster than expected and is expected to be the first to be marketed;
The hyllx02, the hlx03, are all in three stages of clinical progress and are expected to be on the market in the future. In addition, in the case of antibiotic innovations, the company has recently reorganized the antipd-1 humanized monoclonium antibody injection fluid (hlx10).
The recomposition of the anti-pd-l1 monoclonal antibody injection fluid (hlx20) has been accepted by the cfda clinical trial registration, and the development is progressing well. We believe that many potentially bio-like drugs from the company have been steadily advanced, and that innovative medicines will be declared clinically.
This will allow the market to rediscover the company's R & D strength, which will have a positive impact on the company's valuation, and the expansion of health services, where synergies will be evident: the company has entered the health service portfolio since 2009.
Since then, several hospital investment and acquisitions have been completed, and the strategic layout of a combination of high-end medical treatment, second- and third-line municipal specializations and general hospitals in developed coastal cities has been initially developed. The Chen City Hospital, the “United Family Hospital” Hospital, has developed some branding and social effects that benefit companies.
The continued expansion of medical service operations; the start of the rehabilitation project at Jong-woo Hospital, Guangji Hospital, the share of old institutional investors in the circulation of shares in Wenzhou; the good operation of the year's sick hospital, which provides a good basis for the company's model of social capital management;
The restructuring of the former Xu Mine-related medical facility will facilitate the company ' s participation in the conversion of mixed ownership hospitals and the integration of the medical industry chain: the acquisition of Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital will allow the company to have direct access to assisted reproductive table, which will facilitate the expansion of medical services in the South China region; the company will rely on the whole industry chain.
In recent years, a series of framework agreements have been concluded with various local governments, universities and hospitals to build hospitals, with a wealth of resources, and it is expected that the number of beds not available will go beyond 10,000 (currently 3,000) and that the advantages of scale will be apparent.
They believe that building on a company’s vast medical network will bring good synergies in the future to the pharmaceutical industry, medical diagnosis, and medical treatment device plates. Profit predictions: the growth of in-house business is stable, innovative drug research and development is gradually entering the harvest period, and public-private research and development will continue.
The Division's outreach activities in the areas of medical services, diagnostic reagents and medical devices will together contribute to the firm's robust growth. We expect the firm's net profit strength to be re-recognized by 2017/2018/2019, and the value of a/h shares is now relatively reasonable, and the company's a/h shares are “buy-in” construction is maintained.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.