Reverser taps perform beautifully, after the power station operation, Sunshine Power (300274) quarterly and annual reviews.
This represents an increase of 85 per cent in the same year and a gain of 0.71 yuan per share. 1 quarterly report issued by the company in 2018 generated $1.706 billion, representing an increase of 36.76 per cent in the same year and $203 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, representing an increase of 57 per cent in the same year and a gain of $0.14 per share.
\triangleright, the key reason we've seen for this year's total number of light-voltage machines in China is that distribution will grow beyond expectations. Due to pressure from subsidy funding gaps, the government started to guide the form of photovoltaic-mounted machines online, one of which is that full access to the business roof in the distributed form may be included in the indicator management, so it's here.
Before the introduction of the policy, i.e., before the inclusion of indicator management, we expect a wave of pre-emption, and when the policy comes up, there will be large-scale looting of this type of power station. Second, the distribution system will be more encouraged by the policy of self- or self-inflicted self-inflicted self-inflicted development, which will reduce the pressure on policy funding, and we will judge that the number of self-inflicted or self-inflicted distribution units will increase significantly this year.
Reverser operations account for 30% of the country’s cities, and new products are being developed to strengthen their leader. Companies cover 3-3000kw power, with 15% of the city’s conversion efficiency. Companies target various types of power stations, such as hill power stations, hydroelectric power stations, large ground power stations, household power stations, distributed power stations, etc.
While US 301 has had some impact on China’s photovoltaics in the first quarter of this year, the reverse transformer is not within range. We see the relative advantage of the reverse transformer industry in the face of international trade policy disruptions, and the ability of companies to continuously develop new products and continuously raise value for money, and the vanguard position will be consolidated.
Power station operations have grown rapidly and have become more well-placed. In 17 years, the company's integrated power system generated 42 per cent of its revenues, reaching $4.667 billion, and gross \triangleright accounts for 30 per cent of the company's total Māori. The company has taken the lead in leading the race, reducing poverty, and is taking the lead in large surface power stations, soil restoration and photovoltaic combined electricity.
Stations, offshore photovoltaic power stations, agro-photo-complementary power stations, etc., have accumulated extensive construction experience, laying the foundation for subsequent companies to continuously expand their systems integration operations. Corporate business earnings grew by 36.76% in the first quarter of 18 years, mainly because of the increase in power station systems integration operations, which we expect to maintain a high rate of growth.
The light-voltage machine has reached its expectations, and the inverter's price falls are higher than expected.
Yang Joki, head of the basic chemical industry group, nine years of securities industry research experience, is good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, clicking here to enter text.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.