The performance continues to grow, with clean power switching the world's leading runners on 24th of April, 2018.
And a quarterly report in 2018, in 2017, companies achieved $8,886 million in operating income, an increase of 48.01 per cent; of that amount, 2017q4, operating income of $2,244 million, a decline of 19.06 per cent, a decline in the ring ratio.
Over 53gw, an increase of 53% in the same year, over 100gw in the world, an increase of 33% in the same year. Corporate power station systems integration operations and reverse changer sales both grew faster. 1) 2017, sunshine continued to lead the global market for photovoltaic converters, global output was 16.5gw, and domestic output was 13.2gw, an increase by the same year.
Thirty-five per cent, or 3.3gw, from abroad, an increase of 170 per cent in the same year. The confirmed sales volume of 14.3gw, an increase of 41 per cent in the same year. Photovoltaic reverse transformers contributed 3,682 million yuan, an increase of 48 per cent in the same year, and photovoltaic reverse transformers, an increase of 38.7 per cent, an increase of 5.6 percentage points in the same year.
The company’s overall performance has grown considerably as a result of the higher growth in power station integration operations. With the gradual growth of the photovoltaic, storage, and energy systems, smart energy sources have increased investment: 1) The domestic household use of the fluorescent market has ushered in the New Year, with the company taking the lead in creating the Sunhome brand, based on a dynamic user market.
1. Three-quarterly reports are above expectations, with households planning to use photovoltaic companies, through which the three-tier network of cities, counties and towns will be covered and 10 township and village networks will be achieved in the short term.
3. Photovoltaic blocks have grown steadily and have developed rapidly in storage and energy, entering high-end markets in Japan for the first time, becoming the first direct-flow side storage energy project in Japan
In 17 years, the stock can earn $64.3 million, the Māori rate, the third quarter of a decline in performance, the storage capacity, the smart energy demonstration project.
Jin, sign the Smart Energy Innovation Platform to fully utilize its own performance growth in light-voltage, energy storage, new energy vehicles, etc. 5. Reverse transformers and storage of existing R & D advantages, while also accelerating the surge in key core technologies in the field of smart energy
Capable, new-energy vehicles enter the harvest period, break down and nurture high-quality business for future rapid and sustained development, which will facilitate further intellectual development.
A global leader in clean power conversion technologies, with a revenue target of $12.5 billion in 2018: in the future, the transformation of global energy sources will accelerate, with the cost of renewable energy generation falling steadily as technological progress takes place.
In this context, sunlight power sets a new vision for the next 5 to 10 years, and companies will focus on the area of clean power conversion technology in the future, and the company’s mission will be upgraded to:
Access to clean electricity for all, the vision has also been upgraded to “become a global leader in clean power conversion technology.” In 2018, the company achieved its target of $12.5 billion in sales revenue: 1) to accelerate the expansion of the home-based photovoltaic market, 2) to continue to improve the spectrum of the entire spectrum of optical converters, large, medium, small, micro, etc. 3)
Business, FM, microgrids, etc., create storage boxing products, 4) focus on the use of motor vehicles, mobile bus production of platform-based electro-control series products, 5) optimize the upgrading of float products and design competitive distribution solutions, home-based photovoltaics, etc.
Cost rates have risen and advance receipts have increased significantly: company costs increased by 40.66 per cent from the same period to the same period in the year in question in 2018q1 and net cash flows out of operating activities in 2018q1 amounted to $1,336 million, or 100.41 per cent more than in the year in question; sales of goods received $1.748 billion in cash, or 153.02 per cent more than in the same period.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board