\triangleright has issued an announcement that the original shareholders of the Consort's Sputnik and their co-activists are going to go to Purple Gold, a fully-owned company of the UV Mine.
An international transfer of 17.51 per cent of the shares of the companies it held, and a transfer of 7.31 per cent of the shares of the former second-largest shareholder, Shinsa Hong, to Yi Jin International, will result in a total of 25 per cent of the shares of the company being held by the company, as shareholders in the company, a 20 per cent reduction in the shares of the company held by the Tibetan Innovator and its co-actors, and a 20 per cent reduction in the shares of the company,
Holding the company ' s shareholdings has fallen to 9.89%, making it the second and third largest shareholder of the company; transfer of 35 yuan/shares, purple gold, and potassium lithium expansion projects are expected to accelerate.
The company, which is a global leader in prospecting, mining operations, cost control, is rich in mineral resources, potassium, lithium production processes are mature and leading, and, with purple gold holdings, is expected to empower the company in the future to improve corporate governance, Qiuzu
Lithium plates, which rely on the full capacity of infrastructure, such as purple gold, are expected to accelerate the process of landing the company's Mesozo project, with synergies with the Purple gold saline lake project in Tibet; potassium fertilizer; and research assistant, South Snow.
The future growth of the company is concentrated in Laos, where it is experienced and internationally well-known to operate abroad, and where it is expected to contribute to the progress of the Lao project in terms of licensing, mining, etc. Lithium mining operations are in competition or will become a lithium platform for purple gold.
\triangleright has a professional competition in lithium mining operations, and Purple is committed to giving priority to companies operating potassium fertilizer, lithium mine-related industries.
It's a world-class lithium resource reserve for the two lakes, and it's a three-wheel-drive growth plan to achieve 25-30 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent production by 2028, and if assets are consolidated in the future, it's public.
In-depth Tibetan mining (000408.sz) reports that potassium lithium copper is expected to be significantly upgraded to become a global leader in the lithium industry.
Salt Lake, with 10,000 tons of electrical carbon capacity, 24 per cent of the share in the meta-tzo mine through the SWF, Mimi Review: Copper+potassium Fertilizer Super-expected performance, three-wheel drive
In the context of the planning for the production of 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the Lake Tsaline, in the course of a 50,000-ton mining certificate, the centre of lithium prices has fallen significantly.
Potassium salt mine, one phase of which plans to produce 2 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride and double postpartum capacity.) Copper: holding 5. Tibetan mining (000408.sz) incident evaluation: launching of the "Quantum Return Double Uplifting" programme of action, highlighting development confidence - 20
A significant increase in copper production to 185,000 tons, with significant elasticity in the copper plate; 4) Purple gold mining, which is expected to become a controlling shareholder, is expected to accelerate the process of landing the expansion project and increase certainty of growth.
It is evident that the Dragon II III expansion project opens up the space for growth and the future development of purple gold, and we expect the public \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.