Long-power technology (600584), 2018 semi-annual report evaluation Long-power technology company realized operating income of $11,303 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 9.50 per cent in the same year;
The net return to the mother is $11 million, a decrease of 87.80 per cent in the same year; the net loss to the mother, rather than the company’s main business, is falling. In the first half of last year, the net profit to the company was $193 million, a minority of tens of thousands. Thus, the company’s main business is improving.
In the first half of the year, companies continued to focus on restoring and upgrading the profitability of the Starfleet industry, increasing the share of non-communication-type products by restructuring the product structure, strengthening cooperation with key clients, and global production capital.
In the first half of the year, the income from the company was $607.14 million, an increase of 16.10 per cent over the same period; net profits, $43.59 million, a decrease of $15.217 million over the same period.
Long-term, operating income of $5.69 billion, an increase of 11.70 per cent over the same period. According to a report by the Institute of Tuan Industries under the banner of Trentforce, corporate sales earnings in the first half of the year ranked third in the top 10 external control plants in the world’s integrated circuits.
80% of the division has become a corporate client. Advanced containment technology has been developed with advanced international counterparts, and large-scale production has been achieved. According to the research institute Yoledévelopment, the company ranks on the global market at 7.8% of its share of advanced containment crystals.
The company's application to an industrial fund, a core power semiconductor, and a publicly released share in the gold investment pilot has been approved by the CVM. Once released, the former third largest shareholder's industrial fund will be the third largest equity fund.
The company’s first major shareholder. The total amount of funds raised will not exceed $4.05 billion and will be invested in the following projects: 2 billion annual items of communications in high-density integrated circuits and modular encapsulation projects, communications and object networking in intermediate sealed circuits industrialization projects, repayment of bank loans.
In order to raise funds, the project is a state-of-the-art wrapping technology, and the sealing product is mainly used in the mainstream industrial market, and the future market is promising and will be conducive to the long-term development of the company. In addition, the company proposes to repay the loan of $1.08 billion in silver and bank loans, which will help to reduce corporate financial leverage, reduce financial costs, and increase financial costs.
These two years are the peak of the construction of the domestic crystal mills, which will increase as the crystal mills become operational.
The company, as the third-largest indigenous sealing company in the world, will benefit from the release of domestic crystal-crystal capacity. Business integration is not as good as expected; industry climate is not as good as expected.