1. The depth study by the Power Hydroelectric Company (CFC): With two main tap reservoirs, the water supply between the two main reservoirs, the water supply between the two main reservoirs and the new energy loads, the volume of electricity generated by the water between 2023 and 1q24 has increased by the same amount.
Southern rainfall is lower than in the same period of the year, and it is expected that the main rivers will have less water before the rainy season.
+243.8 per cent for the completion of 1.9 billion kilowatt-hours of power generation, and 1.1 billion kilowatt-hours and +254.0 per cent for the completion of 1024.
The price of electricity on the clean energy market in Yunnan Province continues to rise. In Yunnan Province, the power supply is highly dependent on hydropower for high consumption and demand in energy industries.
On average, the cost of electricity and water on the Internet was 0.219 yuan/kwh, compared to 4.2 per cent in the same year; in Yunnan Province, 1~2m24, the price of electricity traded on the market for clean energy was higher than $0.29/kwh. The ceiling was floated.
+3.6 +3.6 PV prices fell by 61.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 23 years, mainly as a result of the entry of new energy sources into the era of parity + market-based Internet access, and the structural decline in electricity prices due to the increase in grid parity projects. 23 years of high capital spending and long-term viewing of sufficient red-loading space. 23 years of corporate capital
Toba and Sichuan are scheduled to start production in 24 to 25 years, reducing the pressure on cash flow while bringing about performance growth. The company is committed to no major investment plan.
If a major cash expense occurs and the asset-liability ratio does not exceed 75 per cent, the cash score will be red, and the share will be no less than 50 per cent, and there will be sufficient scope for future dividends. Downstream electricity demand will be less than expected, water will be less than expected, and wind and light will not be as high as expected.
Energy access carries a price risk, more services, more services.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market