In Yunnan Province, the short-term pressure of the Sichuan hydropower contribution is clear: at the power end, 1q24 river basins come from the same water.
\triangleright compared to flat, small bays and stubble reservoirs have been tasked with grid-regulating tasks, ladder capacity has not been fully released (4.4 billion kilowatt-hours more than) and the water storage effects of the Catoba hydroelectric power station have been reduced to 10 river basins in the first quarter of the year.
The number of power stations completed amounted to 1,411 million kilowatt-hours, a 15.7 per cent decline over the same period; of these, five stations combined completed 2,178 million kilowatt-hours, a 13.8 per cent decrease over the same period; and a single quarter, a flat power station under the Sichuan hydroelectric flag completed the power supply, a tight household source.
At 276 million kWh, there was a 15.5 per cent increase in the same year; at 1,727 million kWh, the company ' s combined primary and secondary hydropower production of less than 250,000 kWh increased by 2.6 per cent in the same year (237.10 kW in Sichuan region and 1488,000 kW in Yunnan region). At the price of electricity, the current winter and spring drought in Yunnan province continues, and electricity supply and demand in Yunnan province remains tight.
In January-February 2024, the average price of marketed transactions in the province rose by 4.8 per cent from 1.43 per kilowatt to 0.3152 yuan per dry-war hour, but in view of the relatively high price of electricity, the company was in the province.
At the financial end, the combined Māori rate of 1q24 was increased by 1.7 pcc on a year-on-year basis, mainly from Sichuan Hydropower. Debt optimization was significant: some of the company’s power station generators, distribution equipment and mechanics depreciated years.
In addition, the company ' s debt financing structure has continued to be optimized through, for example, pre-positioning of stock debt through low-interest-rate funds, with a 60 bp drop in financing costs in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, a 45 million yuan decrease in corporate interest throughout the year, a 6.1 per cent decrease, and a strong cash flow for the company that will continue to reduce the size of interest-bearing liabilities, interest
Cost is expected to fall gradually and increase profit levels. Investment proposal: q1 Sichuan Water \triangleright \triangleright to offset performance pressure due to falling electricity prices
Energy utilities (600025.sh) performance forecast for 2022 The marginal contribution of electricity is evident, as the future release of storage in the two main reservoirs in Yunnan Province will gradually lead to increased power generation; financial excellence will result in sustained endogenous growth.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.