The industry continues to be high, the clinical coronary is very strong, and the in-depth study of the Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) May 20, 2019.
The country’s cro is entering a period of gold development, with the greatest potential for clinical development. The global cro growth has slowed to 10%, has reached maturity, and the concentration of high-competitive patterns is stable.
During the period of gold development, compound growth will remain at 20%, the fastest growing market in the world. Clinical crón is the largest area of breakdown (over 67%), driven by a two-fold rise in inputs and penetration, and will maintain a 30% compound increase in the future.
With the ability of teams, resources, and ancillary services, Tag is able to enjoy the moats of the city - high client bonding, making them strong and strong. The backbone and investment operations together drive growth in the future:
Engineers’ dividends, innovation waves and collateral purchases drive demand booms in domestic and foreign markets, firm-owned orders and a steady increase in the number of employees, and provide steady performance for chenjx1@csco.com.cn
Source; investment operations that contribute to sustainable performance under the benefits of domestic policies The company is qualified for portfolio investment consulting and achieves business flow and industry extension.
M & A support strategy layouts: progress to international coro through industry chain integration and international multicentres. Companies have been buying and buying since they were listed: first steps have been taken to integrate the whole industry chain, reducing customer transfer through one-stop service
Ben, Visibleness: Upstream operations lead, project-driven acquisition of new orders, business coherence and synergies are increasing; companies have completed the Asia-Pacific regional layout, which will accelerate the development of services networks such as Euro-American to strengthen countries
International competitiveness, more international R & D projects, and progress towards an international cro. As a national clinical leader, the industry dividend of the period of gold development will be better served, the main business will grow steadily and the investment business will go to a premium, driven by both domestic and foreign markets.
The company deserves a certain premium for its performance elasticity, while waiting for contracts to be executed, for financial assets available for sale and for equity incentives to be tested, which further enhances its certainty of performance.
I. National clinical cro tap 1, deep-dry clinical cro 15 years, "Innovative clinical cro" lead sheep, 20 years of medical clinical experience, with a stable and strong core team.
S.T.S. was founded in 2004 and reformed in 2010 and in 2012 was Ye Xiaoping and Cao Xiaochun, who signed the agreement as co-actors with 24.82% and 8.75% shares, respectively; the share pledge of major shareholders was 29.15%.
The university doctor in immunology, who worked in the medical registration departments of Xianyan Youngsen, Shanghai Rhodes and Xubao for more than ten years (6 years as Director General of Medical Registration in Shanghai) showed him the great prospect of the Chinese market of China ' s cro market, Cao Xiaochun (Zejiang University) with medical background from his fellow students.
M.A. in Pharmacology (M.A.) co-founds Teg medicines; many others are medically backgrounded and clinically experienced. More emphasis has been placed on human development and technological innovation, laying the foundation for the company to become a local clinical leader.
A number of SPIs have been implemented, and high performance demands an increase in confidence in development. The sharing of corporate growth dividends has been facilitated by the implementation of SIPs and equity incentives on several occasions, which have allowed core team stability and firm strategy to move forward steadily.
Incentives are 470 core technicians and employees who have worked for more than three years, sharing benefits, retaining talent and fully stimulating motivation and effectiveness. Performance appraisals based on the plan can be released, highlighting the company’s confidence in the rapid development of the future.
Through M&As and self-building, successful integrated industrial chains, international multi-centre clinical and Asia-Pacific regional service networks have developed talent, brand, resources, and size advantages. Crow is a talent-intensive industry. Companies draw on the global experience of the development of the industry.
Development strategies for acquisition: (1) starting with a single, small-scale clinical cro, gradually completing the complete coverage of the entire cro industrial chain from bedfront to market; 2 building up teams of professionals and enriching their clinical project experience (skill in multi-disease areas and new biotechnologies) to continue to expand for companies
Building on scale; completing the development of the Asia-Pacific Regional Service Network and continuing the process of internationalization and expansion, leading the way to becoming a small number of home-grown cro-businesses with international multi-centre clinics, acquiring more clinical resources, attracting more domestic and international clients and increasing the scale of the impact on the international cro giants.
There are currently 33 subsidiaries (including 20 in the country and 13 overseas), 95 mainland China service points and 11 overseas offices in the United States, Switzerland and Singapore, with over 4,000 professional teams working with more than 730 clinical laboratories in the interior.
As many as 1,500 high-quality, efficient, one-stop-shop, integrated solutions for over 600 clients have created such advantages as talent, resources, size, brand, further improving the quality of services and client stickivity, and companies are expected to be strong.
The company provides a one-stop-cro service to domestic and international drug plants, including pre-clinical bioanalysis, cmc and bel trials, clinical phase.
Project management, clinical surveillance, data management and statistics, smo, etc. for clinical i-iv trials.
Over the past 10 years, the market has seen more than 49 per cent increase in compound returns and 57 per cent increase in parent net profits. Companies in the first quarter of 2019 achieved more than 609 million yuan, or 28.69 per cent, compared with 28.69 per cent, and mothers in net profits of 146 million yuan, or 51.72 per cent.
Benefiting from a wealth of business types, a wave of domestic innovation research and development, clinical trials and clinical counselling services, both growing steadily, and the domestic market growing at a sharper pace. From a breakdown of the main industries, two major industries have gone hand-in-hand: the PBST has achieved income of 1,103 million yuan (+34.51%), with the innovation drug development wave.
Motion-driven, core business 1 - 1v major clinic achieved 918 million yuan (+43.57 per cent); clinical advisory services achieved 1,195 million yuan (+44.63 per cent), of which data management and statistics analysis and smo achieved 319 million yuan and 206 million yuan, respectively, at the same rate of increase.
See, domestic and foreign markets work together: the rapid growth in the number of clients and large clinical orders as a result of increased research and development of innovative medicines by domestic pharmaceutical companies, the expansion of domestic operations (+84.42%) and their share of the benefits from the high profile of the innovative pharmaceutical industry, and the growth of investment returns that are sustainable.
At that time, the return on investment achieved an income of 119 million yuan (+122.77 per cent) and a profit contribution of 19.61 per cent, as the company took advantage of its own platform for highly synergized equity investments (mainly in innovative pharmaceutical projects) to make them risk-controlled and sustainable, and
The Māori rate has steadily increased, the overall cost rate has declined and the level of profitability has been increasing. The scale effect of the internationalization process has increased steadily from 2016 to 2018 as a result of the business structure optimization.
Per capita income-generating industries are leading and operating cash flow is healthy. Equity incentives keep corporate teams stable and efficient, increasing the average income-generating level per company to $59.2 million (2018), surpassing the level in the drug-ming Kandeh sector first. As a M&A firm, corporate goodwill is up to the first quarter of 2019.
At $1.015 billion, or 32.57 per cent of net assets; at $19 million, based on the results of the goodwill impairment test, the public accounts for the unsatisfied North Medical Ingenuity. With respect to cash flows, companies match their sales cash inflows with receipts, and operating cash flows are often higher than net returns to their mothers.
The firm’s financial soundness and the quality of its performance growth are reflected in the adequacy of the order, the steady growth of the financial assets available for sale, and the increased certainty of performance in both the main business and the investment business.
In investment business, companies use the advantages of professional platforms to increase innovation, higher performance requirements, and the confidence that companies continue to grow.
The company has been growing rapidly since its inception, and it is expected to continue at a high pace and long-term, mainly in the underlying industries: the global market is huge, China is experiencing the fastest growth in its high profile, and the demand for innovative medicines has surged, pushing the country into a period of gold development.
Corporate operations: Large clinical and related service operations continue to grow steadily, sustained investments are made, and the operations are highly synergized to contribute to performance elasticity.
The internationalization of multicentres of competitiveness and scale for the world is gradually being upgraded from indigenous to international. Second, China’s coro has entered a period of gold development, and its leaders are better able to enjoy the dividends of industrial growth.
As the coro has effectively helped pharmaceutical companies to improve R & D efficiency and reduce costs, the global coro industry has reached maturity after 10 years of high growth, with a more stable and concentrated pattern of competition, and is expected to maintain a 20% growth rate in the future, the fastest growing market in the world. Clinical coro is over-represented.
67%, the largest segment, will maintain a high growth rate of 30% in the future. Clinical cromas have a significant too-effect (long project duration, high customer stickyness), and Tag, as the head of a domestic clinical co-done, is expected to be strong with the advantage of professional teams, rich resources, one-stop service, etc.
The largest and fastest-growing clinical area is in the area of breakdown, and Tags is expected to be strong with such advantages as clinical resources, service networks, professional teams and high value for money. 1.Cro becomes an important link in the medical research and development industry, effectively improving R & D efficiency and controlling costs.
The inevitability of the boom: addressing the research and development dilemmas of pharmaceutical companies, improving efficiency and reducing costs.Cro (contractresearch and development organization), divided mainly into pre-cro and clinical coro, with the aim of providing drug discovery, clinical and marketing for pharmaceutical research and development in pharmaceutical companies.
The whole life cycle of service is the product of a professional division of the pharmaceutical chain. As pharmaceutical markets compete more and more, drug research and development is taking longer, less and less success, input costs are getting higher, patent cliffs are getting worse, and large and small drug companies are increasingly choosing to cut off non-core drugs.
Research and development (R & D) operations are outsourced to professional cro institutions, thus achieving research and development objectives to improve R & D efficiency, reduce the risk of failure, and control cost inputs. According to the Increarch data from Ante, Japan, pharmaceutical companies can achieve a reduction of up to 40% of R & D costs and save by working with cro.
10-20% of the clinical trial time. The coro institutions increase R & D efficiency through specialization and reduce R & D costs through scale effects. With close attention from imitators, the patent challenge has been reduced to five years, so new drugs have been introduced.
The time frame for R & D is particularly important, not only to determine the investment in R & D, but also to determine the time frame within which a monopoly can be earned by an enterprise when it is listed. For a cro institution with a professional team and a resource profile, when it receives an R & D order from a downstream pharmaceutical firm, it is a doctor with the appropriate clinical qualifications to go upstream.
The effective interface of treatment institutions is accompanied by constant and good communication with inspection services to ensure high-quality and efficient completion of the research and development process. The role of the co-agency in raising cost reductions in drug research and development has become more evident in the pharmaceutical research and development industry.
The size of the market is determined by global R & D inputs and the penetration rate of the market, and the new wave of drug R & D has prompted global pharmaceutical companies to increase their R & D inputs (both biopharmaceuticals such as pd-1, which are also encouraged by domestic policies), while increasing the number of pharmaceutical companies that are improving efficiency and reducing costs.
Drug research and development using the cro model has led to an increase in penetration; therefore, research and development inputs and cro penetration have together driven the rapid development of the cro sector and have further increased its ceiling.
The global cro growth deceleration is about 10%. The concentration of cr10 is over 45%. The global cro harvest is slowing down to 10.64% in 2008-2017, according to frost&sullivan data;
By 2021, cro industry penetration (cro industry collection/pharmaceutical industry R & D inputs) would be over 58%, with an overall size of $68.7 billion. According to iMAPglobal, the global cro market has a high concentration of long-term M & As (mainly United States companies), with Kuntai and Kang.
Ning, inventivhealth, among others, has more than 45% of the world’s top 10 cro companies.Cro is in the prime of the country’s development.Cro’s compound rate will be maintained at 20%, and clinical collage will increase by more than 30%.
We have a late start in the coro industry, with more than 20 years of development history, and are now growing at full momentum, the fastest compounding market in the world. According to Frost&sullivan 60 billion dollars, the compound growth is 20% higher, with clinical cro growth faster than preclinical cro.
At present, the main players in our market can be divided into indigenous cro (represented by Tag, Pharmacy, more than 500) and transnational cro (represented by Kuntai and Clarence), where the industry is in a state of development and low concentration.
Cross-country cro is more experienced and sophisticated (but more expensive); indigenous cro has a greater localization and value-for-money advantage than cross-country cro, a rich indigenous cro clinical resource, a long-term familiarity with the country ' s clinical system and a stronger service capacity.
3. Multi-factor driven the country into a period of gold development, with the highest clinical potential for growth and high market-scale growth: good policies, access to finance, market expansion leading to increased investment and increased penetration
China has become the most advanced developing country in emerging markets (after the United States) by virtue of its high number of patients, its engineers' dividends, and its low cost. According to a.t.kearney, highly educated professional and technical talent, China has developed the coro industry vigorously.
Cro, especially the clinical coro, enjoys a double dividend of increased R & D input and penetration (preclinical coro benefits mainly from the global cro industry transfer).
In the context of policies to encourage policy proliferation, evaluation of consistency, and procurement of quantities, the traditional model of generic drugs is under tremendous survival pressure, with domestic drug companies increasing their investment in research and development and embarking on innovative paths. In this context, there is an emerging group of small-scale innovation companies (biopharmaceuticals) in the country.
The research and development needs of these small pharmaceutical companies are even more pressing, the domestic pharmaceutical market is in a good financing environment, which provides adequate funding for such companies, and the coro agency decides that the investment in research and development in the new pharmaceutical company is determined by the funder, so that the industrial policy environment is much better and worse.
In 2016, China’s pharmaceutical market reached $124.3 billion, surpassing Japan’s third largest drug in the world (only twice).
In the United States of America and the European Union (EU); as a result of increased ageing and increased morbidity, Chinese medicine was expected to reach US$ 17,82 million in 2021, with a super-global average of 7.5 per cent for cagr, while Chinese cities would reach 12.1 per cent, and industry standards would gradually be brought into line with international standards with China ' s accession to Ich.
According to projections, global drug companies are expected to invest $181 billion in research and development in 2022. Research and development costs and prescriptions require more willingness to outsource drug companies’ research and development, and a higher penetration rate in the cro industry.
With a US$ 30.5% penetration rate; and a projected increase in the tro penetration rate to 46.5% in 2021. Since China’s early years were dominated by generic drugs, its market demand was low, penetration rates were lower than the global level, and there was much room for future upgrading as domestic medical innovation rose.
Clinical cro is the largest segment of the breakdown: continued demand is strong and clinical cro accounts for more than 67% of the market. According to statistics, clinical cro is the largest segment of the market, with a global market size of $30.2 billion in 2017, accounting for the city of cro.
In 2017, the country recorded 40 billion yuan in clinical crón. Clinical crón was the largest. 1 was the longest (about 5-7 years, 2/3), the most expensive (over 1/2) and the most expensive (by patient recruitment, clinical examination, etc.) due to the fact that the clinical cro was the longest used throughout the research and development process (about 5-7 years).
Specialized services, such as smo and numeric analysis, can be effective in improving the efficiency of pharmaceutical companies' research and development, and about 50% of the world's drug companies currently choose to have co-cro-based clinical practices (1-iii) with high penetration in the industry and will continue to increase.
2 For new drugs that will be marketed in their own countries, each country explicitly requests the need to conduct per-bed trials in their own countries. As more and more multinational drug companies target China's vast pharmaceutical space and choose China as the starting point for new drugs in the future, cro uses more experienced foreign companies.
Domestic clinical cro demand. 4. Teg's strengths highlight the promise of constant strength, excellent service and project capacity (decision efficiency) client sticky, high client sticky.
Clinical cro is a industry with low entry thresholds, but very high barriers, and after years of sedimentation in the clinical cro field, Tag has enjoyed the moat -- the customer is extremely sticky. First of all, Tag and the client had a long and consistent cycle of clinical cooperation before entering into a relationship.
Sex, first, is examined by the client for two to three years before the contract is signed after verification and quality has passed, and normally, without quality problems, the client will not change the cro-cooperatives (conversion of talent and orders is a determining factor in the size of the company and the company’s largest moat).
The team’s continued expansion indicates that it has sufficient capacity (supply) and a steady increase in the number of orders awaiting completion indicates that demand remains strong and future performance growth is more certain. Tag has the advantage of: a experienced and stable professional team and industry leader sop, providing professional clinical programmes and high quality.
Project management implementation saves time for clients, while the quality and quantity of talent also determine whether the company has the capacity to enter into more contracts; a wide-ranging network of services and a wealth of clinical resources can improve the efficiency of communication and problem solving, as well as the ability to maintain a gap with researchers in real time.
Good relationships; 3 high-value one-stop service, with a price advantage over cross-country coro, while one-stop service lowers transfer costs for customers; 4 high-quality customer resources and long-term partners, the company was among the top 25 pharmaceutical companies worldwide as early as 2015
Twenty-three providers of services have become long-term partners in pharmaceutical companies such as Belang Medical, Sea and Biological, after years of testing for quality, and future companies will compete for more drug companies as global priority suppliers to lock in more potential order resources.
A stable, high-quality team provides products, mature sop and rich countries, rich in innovative drug research and development experience.
The need for specialized services, experience in international project management, comprehensive coverage of major cities in the country.
There's a whole range of good clinical trials, solid capital strength to ensure sustainability, relationships and excellent reputations.
Development and client financial security III. Clinical trials and advisory services sustain steady growth in performance and investment returns contribute to elasticity
Driven by steady growth, the engineering dividend has continued to shift to China in part of the foreign pharmaceutical enterprise project, creating a new wave and the procurement of new medicines for domestic pharmaceutical companies, outsourcing the development of harmonized evaluation tests and related demand for follow-up operations (e.g. data statistics and analysis and smo) with the help of teams and resources.
The advantages of one-stop service are expected to increase city occupancy, order orders (market demand) and the number of employees (capacity supply) are expected to grow with strong performance growth; investment operations contribute to performance, driven by policy dividends, will be more sustainable, be certain, and allow for forward targeting of potential clients upstream or
Main business: The number of employees and orders has increased steadily, the performance contribution has increased steadily, operational synergies have been highlighted, and staff and orders have continued to grow.
Consistency and synergy, effective efficiency gains and cost containment. With employees (+21.28%) and number of orders. Clinical trial technical services: provision of services such as process tracking and monitoring through bra.
In 2018, the company was involved in 166 domestic clinical pilot projects on innovative medicines (28 biopharmaceuticals and 138 chemicals), of which 9 863 were planned, 10 countries had major scientific and technical specializations, and its integrated operational capacity had been improved and continuously recognized by the industry: 1cde clinical trials implied
Two of the company ' s difficult high blood pressure drugs apropitentans became the first publicizing projects: 2 of the 63 rare disease drugs that were included in the priority review of cde, with the company in the top 5; 3 part of the period of Gonowe, the first type C hepatic innovation in collaboration with the lyric biology; and 3 part of the period of Gonowe.
The company has successfully achieved one-stop clinical services in the first country where it worked with the Quantico Quantico. The company has achieved the above-mentioned excellence, enabling it to achieve a higher reputation, attract more high-quality clients, and improve its contract offer.
The number of clinical applications for innovative medicines in the country is expected to increase by 40%, driven by the I-iv phase large clinical (long-term) and i-Pharma Be (short-term) operations.
At a high rate of growth, the number of clinical applications for chemicals in 2011-2017 was more than 29%, and the number of applications for new medicines in the next three years continued the trend. As a leader in the focus on innovation, the company’s major clinical operations benefited directly, with the city expected to reach 15%.
Operationally, according to the Drug Clinical Trial Registration and Information Publicity Platform, the number of evaluation trial files for 2018 exceeded 800 (over 600 accepted) at 30%. While the city is concerned about the level of procurement affecting the willingness of pharmaceutical companies to make consistent evaluations, it is based on national push belts.
Progress and determination in volume procurement (subject to consistency evaluation, which is expected to begin in the second round of volume procurement) and the need to continue to be tested through cro, i.e., as pharmaceutical companies would not abandon the market, would continue to increase in the short term.
Clinical advisory services: Numerical, smo, cmc, and instrumentation-based service platforms Data statistical analysis operations: with little policy impact, providing a stable cash flow and future global integration for greater efficiency. Companies operate the business through subsidiaries such as Mesda and Gianthaig.
A small number of domestic institutions involved in the global pharmaceutical research and development chain are available to analyze samples of data from researchers in bio-experimental experiments. Digital operations are a large, space-based sub-business under cro, with a relatively small and highly technologically high policy impact, and hence a high and stable level of profit.
The future demand for statistical data analysis in the pharmaceutical industry will accelerate with the informationization process, with China's engineers paying a full dividend for overseas operations and domestic clinical end-stream growth, expected to maintain a 30% increase in the future.
Sphere integration to achieve cost control and efficiency maintenance through unified billing management of distribution projects smo: client satisfaction is very high, and business expansion continues to be achieved. Through subsidiary Simmer, operations are carried out through crc (clinicalresearchcoordinator), the Clinical Research Association
As a new company, as a result of a high degree of synergy with large clinical operations,
A high rate of 57 per cent growth was achieved in 2018 (based on the same service network), with customer satisfaction reaching 97.5 per cent and awarded the “Most Value Partnership Award” by Sanofy.
The company will continue to expand in order to open up its business and maintain a high rate of business expansion.c cmc and bioanalysing: carried out through subsidiary Fangda, led by biosampling (bio)
In 2018, the United States Concord was acquired to provide security and toxicology services and is expected to improve in the future.
Multi-country orders. In conjunction with the high growth of 43% in 2018, the business is expected to benefit in the future from the continuation of the consistency evaluation Be experiment, the national policy dividend on innovation medicines, and the addition of multi-centre clinical orders, which will result in more orders and high growth in the long line.
According to the company announcement, Gao-Yu, Obo will act as the port share of the participants in the cornerstone investor, ipo, expressing the support and recognition of each other’s capital for profitability and growth. Medical devices cro: forward-looking blue sea market, initial construction of a whole-of-industry chain platform.
There is a horizontal expansion of the EB, JTTT, etc., to medical devices, which have been laid down in the cro, industry-wide chain service platform, almost complete. Because of the shorter cycle of research and development of medical devices than drugs, the industry is also in a state of import substitution (relatively low risk, high demand) and companies are forward-looking.
The Bureau has demonstrated its professionalism and leadership in the Blue Sea market. As the company is gradually integrated, the platform ' s synergies will be further enhanced and its competitive advantages consolidated.2 Investment operations: reserve high-quality customers, with sustained returns
Focusing on high-synchronous investments in innovation, forming strategic partnerships, and storing potential clients. Companies are deploying upstream to industry through various forms, such as industry M&A funds and angel investment funds, combining their innovations with clinical co-location and experience, and constantly investing in the most promising innovations and fewer.
The research and development component of high-volume generics achieves multiple objectives: (a) strategic partnerships with major pharmaceutical companies (e.g., Hepley, Watson, Heng Swe, etc.) to reserve high-quality clients for major business ventures such as corporate large-clinics; (b) potential high-quality M&As based on industry chain layout needs; and (c) access; (d) high-quality M&As.
In 2018, companies invested in related projects. Together with the domestic research panels and the Hong Kong Exchange, which provide a better exit environment for innovative drug investments, companies are expected to earn 50% of their investment earnings over the next three years.
iv. Towards an international cro: M & A support industry chain integration and international multi-centre clinics. To consolidate leadership and avoid future development bottlenecks, companies continue to integrate M & As based on forward-looking strategic layouts (injection of high-quality asset expectations).
Gradual industrial chain integration and international multi-centre clinical development to achieve early growth from indigenous to international tro; M&A support industry integration to enhance business coherence and synergies through upstream business orientation.
In order to improve the whole industry chain layout and expand the market as soon as possible, companies have been buying and buying since they were listed. By acquiring Fonda, Korea, dreamcis, and establishing subsidiaries in places like India, the company has initially completed the extension of the chain; except for the direct acquisition of well-established and mature companies.
In addition, companies also incubate premature targets through industrial M & As funds, until the profits are gained and the acquisitions are injected in order to reduce M & As risk and enhance certainty expectations. At present, companies are able to provide one-stop services with an integrated advantage to reduce customer transfer costs and increase customer access.
Sticky, and as the project moves forward, it keeps getting orders for the next step, business coherence and synergy improves, to some extent, its performance certainty.
Data from the Registration and Publicity Platform, our international multi-centre experiment has increased from only 3 in 2002 to 86 in 2018, with a total of 23.33 per cent cagr, although most of it is currently carried out by multinational drug companies, but no more international multi-centre clinics will be developed by innovation-based drug companies in the country to open up more overseas markets.
There are nine international multi-centre clinics in the state of Chihuahua. At present, the company is actively preparing for early participation in international projects: the Asia-Pacific region has almost been laid out (South Korea, Hong Kong, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, etc.) and a new Eastern European affiliate was added in 2018 to accelerate construction.
The company's network layout in Europe, its expansion of European operations to take over more international multi-centre clinical trials Rapid growth, driven by increased research and development inputs from pharmaceutical companies and a rise in the penetration of cro, adding domestic policy dividends and co-operation in domestic and foreign markets, as the firm's absolute leader in this segment, clinical testing techniques
Two major services, clinical research consulting, will maintain a complex growth rate driven by orders and a double-up of staff, and a restrictive equity incentive scheme whereby the cost of total equity amortization will be distributed separately over the next three years, with a positive impact on the company's long-term development.
Companies that are expected to enjoy tax benefits remain unchanged and are expected to grow at a steady rate over the next three years. Comparable companies include a share of medicine, Ming Condé (preclinic) and pharmacism (molecule blocking), indoctrination (preclinical and security assessment), Conlongization (preclinical and security assessment) and global cro
A share is comparable to the average dynamic market surplus of 2019, industry dividends during the development period, major business growth driven by both domestic and foreign markets, investment, and operations will contribute to sustainable performance elasticity, pending execution of contracts, availability of financial assets and sale.
For the first time, a “uptake” rating has been given. Our pharmaceutical-industry policy is in the process of reform and improvement, if changes in policy lead to pharmaceutical innovation.
With a retreat of enthusiasm and a decline in total R & D investment, the market size of the cro industry will be reduced, and firms will be faced with bottlenecks. Companies will increase their combined capabilities and their individual business resilience, including by expanding their reach.
Cro is a talent-intensive industry, and talent is the core competitiveness of companies. In a context of increasing competition in the market, firms run the risk of losing talent.
Mergers and acquisitions are an important way for firms to develop rapidly, and thus generate greater goodwill. Business models in some areas are still in the exploratory phase, and subsidiaries are in the integration phase, and companies may be exposed to the risk of impairment of goodwill that fails to perform.
4. Investment returns are not as high as the expected risk performance will have a negative impact. Companies focus on investments that are highly synergized with the main business in order to control wind risks and achieve multiple objectives such as business flow.
Schedule 1 summarizes the financial analysis and valuation indicators from open compliance channels, and the analytical logic of the report is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his or her research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.