Innovative drug booms, Cro taps, full employee motivation, 9th of 2019, Juddji.
The research assistant Xu Wangyang has entered the period of development of the country’s clinical core, with industry growing at an average rate of more than 20% per year.
As a labour-intensive industry, the cost of human labour and the resources available for the testing of beds in the country are clear, and in the context of China’s continued international harmonization of drug-testing policies, China’s drug-testing policy is becoming increasingly more efficient.
Clinical verification of the impact of the 722 events has gradually been eliminated, and overall industry profitability has increased. The field of Tiger medicine in clinical countries is unique and returns on investment are sustainable: companies
For many years, the deep-farming industry has the wealthiest clinical trial resources in the country, and has a strong bargaining power and the associated level of clinical advisory services, given the relative scarcity of domestic clinical resources. The core subsidiaries are on track, reaching the pharmaceutical (bioanalytical, cmc) port unit.
Listing is expected to accelerate, with more access to fund-raising and faster company business expansion; Mesda (data statistics operations) is gradually beginning to take over offshore data management operations; Hangzhou Smmer benefits from the rapid development of Smo operations, with projects and professional teams expanding; and Korea's subsidiaries, dreamcis, are gradually losing.
The number of direct-investment projects is estimated at 70-80, and the introduction of the Biotech Board, which provides a better platform for financing and capital exit for innovative pharmaceutical companies, is expected to enhance core employee stability in the future, including through the introduction of the Staff Holding Scheme and restrictive equity incentives:
Launch of the second phase of the employee holding scheme, which proposes to buy back up to $100 million from the second-tier market, including core executive directors, deputy general manager zhuanyin, and company core technology (industry) personnel ($85 million, or 85 per cent); and introduction of the 2019 restricted equity incentive
With the rise in orders and incomes, the number of employees in the company increased to 3214 in 2017, and the salaries of the employees remained steady, with the average annual salary maintained at around $200,000, while per capita efficiency continued to increase.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on high growth in the industry and the vanity of the corporate sector, we are in the prime of the industry's development, the company as a clinical front business, the high growth of the portfolios, and the high overall performance growth is expected to continue, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Risks in the period of risk, low return on investment, 1. In terms of the value of investment in Tag medicine, the country's clinical coro is entering the period of gold development with an average annual growth rate of over 20 per cent in the industry.
According to the projections of frost&sullivan, the annual compound increase in global sales was 9.6 per cent between 2014 and 2018, and the global scale of the industry is expected to reach $68.7 billion in 2020, with the industry accounting for 58.3 per cent of total R & D investment.
With the impact of international outsourcing of pharmaceutical enterprise R & D to emerging countries, biopharmaceutical parks, talent and innovative drug vc/pe blow-out developments, consistent assessment of the location of the industry and the further strengthening of the trend towards globalization in the cro sector, the coro industry has been able to develop across borders.
With a 21% annual compound growth rate, we will have more than $60 billion market size in the industry by the end of 2020. Whether in terms of familiarity with the local market, labour costs, and the abundance of human resources, or in terms of the rise of domestic innovation drugs, the status of increased clinical declarations, the advantages of the indigenous coro are evident, and we believe that the indigenous coro will be in the future.
1.2. In the clinical field of the country ' s co-location with 20 hospitals since 2017, it has been rich in clinical resources and has completed the construction of 20 hospitals with beds.
This increase of nearly 1,000 units has effectively alleviated the constraints of the Be project ' s clinical resource shortage, with 11 of the 17 clinical research centres established under bilateral agreements and 6 under third-party agreements, with 9, 17 and 17 cooperation agreements in place as of 2016-2018.
The average per capita remuneration of companies is at the forefront of the industry and has an advantage in attracting talent. At the same time, compared to the average income-generating situation, companies are gradually less affected by the 722 industry, and the per capita income-generating level is gradually moving towards the industry’s leading sheep medicine, Ming Conde, figure 2: per capita income-generation (million yuan)
1) Domestic policies to encourage innovation are frequent, and firms, such as procurement, are forced to step up their research and development efforts on new drugs. Industry continues to grow at a high rate. According to frost&sullivan, the country’s coro industry (including pre-cro, coro, etc.) is projected to be more than $60 billion in 2020, with an annual compound increase of more than 20%.
The company’s deep-deep clinicalcro industry, with the country’s wealthiest clinical trial resources, has a stronger bargaining power and associated levels of clinical advisory services in the context of the relative scarcity of domestic clinical resources.
With a projected domestic clinical market of $6 billion in 2020, or about $40.3 billion in market space, companies are expected to obtain a market share of more than 10 per cent, or $4 billion, in line with industry leadership, compared with about 2.3 billion in 2018.
Out of channels, the company still has $1.15 billion available for sale of financial assets, and will also benefit from platform advantages and 2.
Tiger Medicine is a contract research organization (cro) that specializes in the provision of full process services for clinical trials for new drug research and development. The company was founded in 2004 in Hangzhou, with 33 subsidiaries, with 60 major cities and Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Australia, Canada, the United States of America.
With more than 3,200 internationalized professional teams in place, the country, among others, has successfully conducted more than 920 clinical trials for more than 600 clients around the world. Tag medicine has been called “innovated cro” for its participation in more than 130 domestic clinical trials of innovative medicines.
2.2. Corporate equity structure: Founder of the Science Department: Ye Xiaoping (Chairman of the Board) directly holds 24.82% of the company ' s shares, is the company ' s first-largest shareholder, Deputy Managing Director Cao Xiaochun holds 8.55% of the company ' s shares, and Ye Xiaochun is a co-actor of the Cao Xiaochun family.
The company’s president, Ye Xiaoping, a Ph.D. in immunology from Oxford University, United Kingdom, has been working for decades in Xian Yangsen, Xubao, and Rhodes medicine. Through more than six years, the company has built a nearly 100-person internationalized professional team.
Corporate ownership: “Innovation cro” provides specialized clinical research services mainly for research and development of medicine and health-related products at home and abroad, covering the i-iv period of clinical trial technical services, data management and statistical analysis, registration declarations, clinical trials
On-site services, smo services, medical tests, medical translations, central laboratories, central video, drug safety alerts and third-party inspections, etc. Since its establishment in 2004, the company has gradually expanded to cover the entire country and abroad, bringing the number of employees to 4,000.
Teg medicines have been called “innovation cro” for their participation in more than 130 domestic clinical trials of innovative medicines. 2.4. Corporate profitability industry leads. Cfda launched a self-checking of drug clinical trial data on 22 July 2015.
A clinical trial agency and cro have had a profound impact on the cro industry, with a delay in the determination of the Department’s clinical trial technical orders and a rapid drop in income from high growth. After two years in 2015-2016, the growth of public and traditional orders and their digestion have gradually taken place at the point where the entire collection has taken place. As old orders have been absorbed, new orders have been moved.
Gradually, the company's profitability has increased.
In November 2018, the company launched the Workforce Equity Plan 2018 (draft), which was introduced by Mr. Ye Xiaoping, Chairman of the company.
It is proposed to use its own funds to buy back some of its shares for later periods in order to implement the employee holding scheme. The total amount of the repurchase capital is not less than 25 million yuan yuan and does not exceed 50 million yuan yuan yuan, and the repurchase price is not more than 52 yuan/equity, while the company undertakes a new period of employee holding scheme, mainly to stimulate core technical (operational) personnel of the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
At the same time, the company discontinued the 2018 equity incentive scheme and launched the first period of the Restricted Stock Incentives 2019.
The coro industry is highly talent-dependent, with the company’s human cost as a share of the overall cost having declined in the last few years, but still stands at over 44%. Thus, the stability of the company’s personnel structure is an important basis for the company’s continued development.
3. In 2017, the country ' s clinical coro entered the period of development gold with an average annual growth rate of more than 20 per cent. The coro, a customized R & D service, provided drug research, discovery and clinical research services mainly for research and development pharmaceutical companies.
In recent years, pharmaceutical companies have chosen to strip away their non-core operations, taking into account the pressures of financial costs, reducing the risk of research and development and accelerating the marketing of new medicines, leaving their own core of pathology research, the discovery of new drug targets and the operation of the early stages of drug research and development.
Currently, the country’s cro market is composed mainly of transnational cro and indigenous cro. International giants include, inter alia, quantiles, covance, etc., cross-national cro has a full-chain research and development capability that covers the drug discovery phase, pre-clinical research, clinical research, and registration of new medicines, but because of the clinical cro.
This is a high and long cycle, so the multinational giant R & D outsourcing service is mainly based on clinical crón. The indigenous crón is currently divided into preclinic crón and clinical crón.
According to the projections of frost&sullivan, the annual compound increase in global sales was 9.6 per cent between 2014 and 2018, and the global scale of the industry is expected to reach $68.7 billion in 2020, with the industry accounting for 58.3 per cent of total R & D investment.
With the impact of international outsourcing of pharmaceutical enterprise R & D to emerging countries, biopharmaceutical parks, talent and innovative drug vc/pe blow-out developments, consistent assessment of the location of the industry and the further strengthening of the trend towards globalization in the cro sector, the coro industry has been able to develop across borders.
With a 21% annual compound growth rate, the market size of our industry will be more than $60 billion by the end of 2020. We believe that the next few years will usher in a period of local gold development, which will gradually take on a more important role, and that 1) the indigenous coro is familiar with the domestic market and can provide most of the pre-clinical or clinical laboratory research services and research costs.
Given the high cost and long cycle of clinical cro, which is an important component of R & D spending, firms are more focused on value for money in the selection of cro suppliers. The cro industry is a human resource-intensive industry, and China’s labour resources are richer and cheaper than the United States.
Figure 15: Comparison of per capita remuneration (US$/year) The core subsidiaries of the company have higher labour costs as a percentage of the overall cost, with 63.2%, 67%, and 60.95% respectively in 2016-2018. The country has a wealth of labour resources, with more than 60,000 graduate students in the medical field each year.
2) China’s rise in innovation medicine, which has been instrumental in the innovation of medicine, has encouraged the introduction of policies related to innovation medicine, which has led to a rapid increase in the number of new drug declarations and ind batches, as well as the clinicalization of medicines.
The impact of the volume purchases, i.e., the current high price of generic drugs, for example, Ndelcavee, has fallen by more than 90 per cent, while the world currently has six antibody drugs in the top ten sales, of which Adami monomer sales amounting to $19.9 billion. For example, the target drug development of pd1, cd20, vegfr and her2 in the former country has been on fire.
Clinical Experimental Technical Services: Growth driven by Innovative Medicines Encouraged, Consistency Evaluation Clinical Testing Technical Services consist mainly of i-iv clinical trials, registration operations, and Be Trial Operations. Clinical Testing Technical Services increased 73.17% in 2017 compared to the year, a significant increase, mainly due to the success of Be Test Operations:
1) Successfully built with 18 hospitals, with an increase of nearly 1,000 beds, effective mitigation of the shortage of clinical resources for the Be project 2) integrated with the resources of the parent company Be coalition, working to address technical and managerial challenges in the Be project 3)
Bed Research Centre. As the country ' s early clinical laboratory cro enterprise, which has so far accumulated a wealth of clinical research business 1) Innovative drug clinical research capacity: companies are involved in 91 innovative drug varieties, with more than 150 innovations
Clinical research, covering areas such as tumours, liver diseases, AIDS, endocrine, cardiovascular and rare diseases. Several mainstream areas of research and development and corresponding target drugs. The company is implementing 52 domestic clinical trials on innovative medicines. 2) High-level international multi-centre clinical trials are well-positioned: companies are involved in more than 100 international centres.
In terms of domestic clinical resources, the company has worked with more than 1,500 clinical trials. The company’s 2018h1 clinical laboratory technical services generated $500 million, a 50.9% increase in comparison.
By the end of 2017, the following advances were made in the company’s i-iv clinical trials and registration operations: 1) of the domestic innovation drug project, 30 of the i-clinical trials, 11 of the ii-clinical trials and 11 of the iii-clinical trials. The company’s main clients are domestic and foreign large- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, with domestic clients providing services mainly for the development of innovative drug plants.
These partnerships have a stable and high-quality client resources as of the end of 2017, with 1,496 clients, including 973 domestic and 523 foreign clients, and 16 of the top 20 pharmaceutical manufacturers worldwide, working with companies. Tag medicine successfully built with 18 hospitals, increasing the number of beds by nearly 1,000, effectively mitigating clinical resource shortfalls for the Be project.
At the same time, Humboldt State's fully-owned hospital, Conber, is to be built into a more capable i-clinical hospital in the country. Figure 21: Māori rate of company clinical laboratory technical services. Māori rate of company clinical laboratory technical services is rising, the impact of “722” is decreasing, and the subsidiary dreamcis is increasing.
At this stage, historical orders with lower prices are gradually being absorbed, while new contracts have been reasonably raised, bringing the Māori rate back to 44.08%.
By the end of 2015, the company had 267 employees, 94.38% of whom had undergraduate and higher degrees. In October 2015, the company signed a contract with the stockholders of the dreamcis.
In order to enhance its competitive edge in the market, the year dreamcis has consolidated and expanded its market share in Korea itself, using low prices and high-quality marketing strategies, which have reduced the Māori rate of company clinical trial technical services by 7.54%. Corporate management has taken a number of measures to improve contract offers, improve productivity, reduce human costs, and integrate human resources both within and outside the country.
The subsidiary ' s Māori ratio will gradually rise, with a deficit of $7,161.5 million in 2017, a decrease from the same period in the previous year, and a balance of profit and loss achieved by 2018h1, with a series of company adjustments beginning to bear fruit.
5. Clinical research advisory services: subsidiaries are on track, and companies are on a new step. In addition to clinical trial service operations, clinical research-related consulting services account for 51 per cent of the total income (first half of 2018), the business module is largely owned by subsidiaries, and now the company has developed clinical trials techniques.
Services, data management and statistical operations, bioanalytical and cmc operations, investment operations, smo operations, etc., and health industries that go hand-in-hand, both within and outside the country. Fonda medicine is primarily responsible for bioanalysis, cmc, financing for domestic and international listings of prospective Hong Kong shares will promote public finance.
The Division expanded its operations, particularly its domestic operations; Mesda was primarily responsible for the management of medical data and statistical analysis, and, in a situation of shortage of human resources within the country, Teg, based on Mesda, integrated resources such as Caring-Tek and Taiwan-Tek, forming a statistical analysis business team of nearly 400 people; and Hangzhou Simmer was primarily responsible for Smo operations, which was supported by its parent company.
Some of the advantages of the network are the rapid establishment of the smo service network, which provides medical institutions, applicants and cro companies with specialized clinical test personnel. 5.1. Fonda Medicine — Bioanalytics, key cmc maps — the stock market is expected to accelerate the pace of development
Fonda’s pharmaceutical business covers bioanalysis, cmc, etc., and includes China and the United States, one of the most important current subsidiaries of the company. Fonda is a frontagelabs, a major part of the United States, and has taken on bioanalysis, drug metabolism, and drug-degenerative dynamics.
The average number of new contracts for the period 2016-2018 was $76,000, $67,000 and $78,000, respectively, with approximately 158 commissioners covering the country ' s bioequivalency operations as at 31 December 2018.
Bioequivalency services are provided in 17 clinical centres in the cooperative hospitals, 11 of which are established under bilateral cooperation agreements and 6 under third-party cooperation agreements. The vast majority of 466 clients are biotech pharmaceutical companies in the United States, including Jassen, beigene,
Blueprint, celgene, freseniuskabi, rhodes, and Yang Zian Pharmacy, Haizheng, and green leaves in China. The top five clients contributed $12.47, 13.70, and $23.89 million, respectively, during the year.
When Fonda is listed in the Hong Kong market, Hong Kong's Teg will hold 51.45% of the issued stock in medicine, and the company will continue to hold ownership in medicine. Through the Hong Kong stock market, Fonda is expected to increase fund-raising channels and accelerate business expansion.
Mesda, a fully-owned subsidiary of Teg medicines, was established in 2005 in Shanghai, mainly in the area of clinical trial data management and statistical analysis operations, and is able to provide offshore services to large pharmaceutical enterprises in Europe and America for their clinical research.
Statistical support for clinical research reported to regulators in the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, China, and elsewhere. The focus on timely delivery and high-quality statistical results led to a good reputation for biometrics and a global vendor award in 2016.
Data statistics operations were less influenced by policy, and in 2014 Mesda made a significant contribution to corporate performance in the face of Testag ' s difficulties in developing clinical trial technical services. From 2013 to 2016, Mesda made the largest net profit to Tag in the Department of the Commons. In 2017, Mesda achieved business income of 153 million yuan, a net gain.
7.123.6 thousand yuan, after the subsidiary Fonda’s medicine.Fig 24: Medda’s net profits.Mesda has a professional statistical analyst and, in a country with a shortage of human resources, Teg is based on Mesda.
The data management centre team and the Mesda team began to integrate, and the data management centre gradually began to take over offshore data management operations, with benefits of $630.98 million achieved in 2016, but still below expectations; benefits of $8.73 million achieved in 2017, while not yet achieving the expected benefits, increased by 38.37 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Following the strengths and weaknesses of the subsidiary, business integration of the business-related subsidiaries has led to new attachments to the statistical business Hangzhou Simmer - benefiting from the rapid development of Smo operations, project and professional team expanding Hangzhou Smmer Medicines and Technology Ltd. was established in May 2011 to provide primarily clinical trial centre management services
The central management organization (smo) is one of the largest smo companies in the country, focusing on the provision of clinical research (crc) services to clinical laboratory institutions and researchers. Smo’s main business is to assist researchers in specific matters related to the medical judgement nature of clinical trials in Central Africa by sending a clinical research coordinator, crc (clinicalresearchcoordinator).
Sex work to ensure that the clinical research process is in line with gcp and the research program. Through the establishment of a professional smo management centre, on the one hand, the quality and progress of the company’s business-clinical trials are better controlled, and on the other hand, the field of practice is expanded.
Hangzhou Simmer seized the opportunity of smo's rapid development, completed the construction of 48 major city service networks nationwide in 2013, built up 200 specialized smo service teams and set up operating protocols for international standards.
(sops) In 2017, as client acceptance of crc services increased, Hangzhou Simmer continued to grow at a high rate, with over 340 projects and over 900 employees per year. The number of employees increased by 350% over five years, benefiting from the high rate of Smo operations, as well as Hang stint on staff management training and good pay incentives.
6. Deep in the chain of innovative medicine industries, with sustainable returns on investment Companies cover the entire industry chain of innovative research and development, while companies establish domestic and foreign equity investment institutions, such as tgskyinvestimltd., by participating in the establishment of multi-purpose investment funds in the pharmaceutical industry and M & A funds.
Investments in high-quality innovation projects, both within and outside the country. The company has 1,150 million available financial assets up to 2018q3, mainly through a fund that invests and ends up recognizing the benefits, and the number of direct projects is estimated at 70-80.
Industry is focusing on innovation research and development, and companies are investing in innovative drug research and development, building on the experience of new drug research and development over time, and the advantages of the Cro platform. As domestic policies to encourage innovation continue to be introduced, policies such as consistency evaluation promote reform in pharmaceutical companies, and in-country initiatives are being developed.
Bedcro is in the prime of development, growing at an average rate of over 20 per cent per year in the industry, and the company, as the country's leader, has leading clinical trial resources in the country, as well as derived clinical research advisory services, has a wealth of domestic and international orders, corporate brands and years of industry experience are expected to gain more clinical resources for drugs, enhance the marginal effects of development, and, at the same time, revolve around the clinical context.
Pilot technical services with high value added from the company ' s clinical advisory services. Based on the company ' s wealth of clinical trial resources, sound clinical advisory services teams and industry leaders, we, like the country ' s coro industry, enter the golden age of development, the company, as a clinical coro leader, is subject to domestic policy and policy.
The growth of the domestic and foreign industries is driven by the prospect of high performance, and is therefore covered for the first time with a “buy-in” rating. 1) Clinical trials are less advanced than expected. Clinical trials have lower-than-expected risks than clinical data results, especially during the clinical iii phase.
2) Clinical trial resources are lower than anticipated risks. Clinical trial resources include hospital beds and eligible patients on the basis of the bed, with lower than expected risks as clinical projects increase. 3) Investment returns are lower than expected. Corporate investments are lower as clinical success rates are approaching later stages of the project.
There is a risk that clinical results and progress will fall short of expectations.