Performance continues to be visible, with the policy of future high-growth determinations, the annual Teg Medicine (300347.sh) and the quarterly follow-up.
Wang Xiaoqi, Meng Yu Wei, shares in a listed company, net profit of $154 million, an increase of 53.26 per cent over the same period; and the realization of non-return.
Information for the preparation of this report 609 million yuan was collected by companies in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 28.69 per cent in the same year; 146 million yuan in net profits by shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 51.72 per cent in the same year;
The net return to the mother was $112 million, an increase of 61.26 per cent over the same period. eps 0.29 yuan was achieved. — For other financial indicators, the cost of corporate sales in 2018 was $54.444 million, or 36.99 per cent more than in 2018, mainly due to the increase in sales team staff and the increase in market outreach costs;
Costs of $314 million, an increase of 32.87 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase of $6.386 million in the listing of frontageholds and an increase in rent, office fees, etc.; and treasury fees of $18.127 million for corporate sales in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 36.35 per cent over the same period;
1.2018-10-27 Tri-quarterly report tracking: q3 slowdown, without prejudice to long-term development prospects 2. Our analysis and judgment
(i) Performance is as expected, major business is growing at a steady pace, domestic business is rising at a higher rate, companies are performing as expected, and costs are well controlled over time. For clinical trial technical services, revenues of $2.301 billion were achieved in 18 and $191 in 1901, respectively, and revenues of $1,103 million (+34.51 per cent) were achieved in 18 years, of which the clinical, i-iv, etc.
During the reporting period, the company made a series of achievements in clinical laboratory technical services.
This includes the completion of the iii and part ii tests of the first 1st type C hepatic innovation drug, the iii phase and the ii phase. Speed update Industry records: one-stop service for clinical research for the first country to produce a similar drug - the Cd20 for the Hanan Han Likang (cd20): exemplify that out of the 63 drugs prioritized for review on the basis of rare diseases, the company ranked first among the five types of declared quantities.
With regard to clinical research-related counselling services, revenues of 1,195 million yuan (+44.63 per cent) have been achieved in 18 years, of which data management brings about revenues of 481 million yuan (+43.43 per cent) from pharmaceutical bio, cmc, dmpk and safety and toxicology operations; and video income of 26,586.2 million yuan (+48.07 per cent) from operations.
We believe that the main reason for this is the rapid growth of the clinical laboratory industry, driven by the surge in domestic innovation in drug research and development, and the stabilization of the number of Be tests, driven by the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency. At the same time, the Division has accelerated the internationalization of services networks in Asia and the Pacific, Eastern Europe, the United States, etc., while creating a new overseas ministry.
On the subsidiary side, Fangda earned $563 million in 18 years, an increase of 18.11 per cent, a net profit of 5903.29 million, a gain of 9.39 per cent in 18 years and a net profit of $82,497,500, a gain of $8,497,000.
During 18 years, dreamcis achieved $119 million, an increase of 25.63 per cent, net profit of $23.1507 million, and Hong Kong Tag $3.3662 million in 18, net profit of $7.92246 million.
During the reporting period, the company ' s business expansion was based on: (a) participation in several new medicines, investment funds and M & A funds in the health industry, to accelerate the pace of equity investments; and (b) new offshore subsidiaries to expand Europe.
Continental operations; (3) operational synergies and complementarities through strategic cooperation. Concrete progress is shown in table 1. We believe that corporate investment M & As funds can generate investment returns on the one hand, and the professional advantages and risk-control capabilities of M & As on the other hand, can be used to increase the high-quality project reserve: a new Romanian subsidiary could help accelerate the company's network in Europe.
To expand European operations and actively prepare companies for large-scale international multi-centre clinical trials in the future; strategic cooperation with the maritime and pharmaceutical industries in Kyushu is conducive to maximizing their respective strengths, achieving operational synergies and complementarity, and contributing to a win-win partnership in the field of clinical research on innovative medicines.
Teg's equity investment is intended to be with the Ningboh investment and other donors, the Hibang Integrated Experiment Area, the Hibang Integrated Experimental Area, and the Huo Seong Jia. The investment is focused on biomedicine, medicine.
Investing in medicine and health start-up fund, phase II. Investing in medical devices, students.
- Health and life of medicine, including medicine, biotechnology and medical services.
The area of investment is focused on biopharmaceuticals and biochips.
Developmentco.,ltd. co-sponsored the creation of a new drug dollar investment base, which focuses on early projects in innovative medicines and new technologies, including small molecular drugs, biopharmaceuticals, cell therapy, genetic editing.
The new drug fund in the field of investment is to be launched with investments of up to 80 million yuan in self-owned funds.
It focuses on early projects focusing on innovative medicines and new technologies, including small fractions, biopharmaceuticals, cell therapy, genetic editing drugs, etc.
The investment is focused on health care, including, but not limited to, medicine, medical equipment, medical health.
Domesticly dominated start-up, long-term and mature firms, such as health equity investment enterprises.
The investment area is mainly the health-care industry.
Tiger's equity investment is going to be with the Watson Bioinvestment Platform, the Volga Pharmaceuticals Investment, and it's going to be celebrated by the Spaniards, and it's going to be invested in the Healthcare Industry.
The acquisition fund is in the area of biopharmaceuticals, and the Teg equity investment is proposed to be launched in the Suzhou industrial park in Suzhou with Kaiping Su and other donors.
In industrial parks, you can open up a partnership for investment in equity.
Teg's equity investment is intended to be invested with Ning Bo-Wixing and other donors in Chengdu, a partnership for entrepreneurship and investment in Chengdu.
Enterprises operating in the country in the fields of medicine, biotech, medical services, medical devices, equipment, diagnostics, medical care, animal health and other health-related areas may invest in equity or for the purpose of investing in equity. ]
The investment fund for the pharmaceutical industry in Kyushu is mainly based on innovation.
In 2018, companies were involved in the creation of a large number of new drug investments and M&As in the health-care industry, with the emergence of high-quality and innovative drug projects of investment value, with significant investment effects and a rapid increase in returns.
The company realized investment returns of 119 million yuan (+122.77 per cent), representing 25.17 per cent of the net return to the parent; and in the first quarter of 2019, the company realized investment returns of 42.851 million yuan (+123.23 per cent), representing 29.45 per cent of the net return to the parent. (iii) Continued technology-driven efforts to increase investment in research and development continued.
The company insists on technology-driven research and development investment continues to grow. During the reporting period, the company invested $8,802.24 million in research and development, and research on clinical trials such as rheumatological arthritis, antidepressants, anti-diabetes, etc. The other aspect is continuing research and development of hardware systems for clinical research, including artificial intelligence support systems for clinical trials, data-based management.
(iv) The broad range of equity incentives and the gradual improvement of the talent incentive mechanisms through the provision of technical support for the data management of drug clinical trials, the reduction of the time spent on research and development and the improvement of the efficiency of drug clinical trials;
In March 19 the company launched the Restricted Stock Incentives scheme. The scheme proposes to award a total of about 4.85 million restricted shares, accounting for about 0.97% of the total company stock during the reporting period, and a total of 470 persons, including core technical (operational) staff of the company and the full-time public department, and some of those who have worked in the company for three years.
Ten thousand, or 84.14 per cent of the total awards made under this scheme, or about 0.82 per cent of the total stock stock of the company during the reporting period; some 771,000 incentives are set aside and understood as follows: (1) The incentive range is wide. The incentive target is 470 people, with a wide range of incentives covering the core technical (business) personnel of the company and fully-owned subsidiaries, and some of those who have worked for the company for three years.
Broad. (2) aims to attract and retain good talent, mobilize motivation, and help companies develop in the long term. Compared to the Department’s recent revenue performance, this exercise is not strictly limited, and the timely completion of performance appraisals is a general event. The international objective is to mobilize motivation, bind the individual interests of the core team to the development of the company, and enhance operational effectiveness.
It also shows the public the importance that companies place on talent, helping to attract more talent. (3) Incentive amortization costs have little impact on performance. If awarded in May 19 19, the corresponding amortization costs for 2019-2022 would have been 3291.84, the company’s 18-year report and the 19-year report, respectively, in line with expectations, and would have benefited from the convergence between domestic innovation drug research and development trends and counterfeiting.
Evaluations have advanced, domestic business has increased, and we continue to look forward to its future development. The company is a leading company in the country’s clinical trials. First, the company’s clinical research capacity and business experience are clearly superior and its service capacity is constantly improving. Second, through investment funds, new affiliates abroad, strategic cooperation and so on, the company has actively expanded its field of operations, increasing on the one hand, and increasing on the other.
In addition, companies insist on technology-driven investment in research and development to contribute to long-term sustainable development in the future. We look forward to a high rate of growth as a leader in clinical outsourcing, with a projected net return profit of 6.53/878/1179 million in 2019-2021.
Industry competition increases the risk: the risk of loss of core technical staff: research and development on innovative medicines and evaluation of consistency are less advanced than expected.