"Green Low Carbon, Hydro-Aluminium Processing Integration" - Deep Study of Aluminium Shares.
The industrial model of “industrial integration”, which is centred on the construction of an industrial chain that combines bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon products-aluminium smelting-aluminium processing, creates a more obvious resource security advantage, achieving full self-sufficiency of bauxite resources, taking advantage of location, energy, financing, etc., and is scientifically sound and moderate.
Aluminium is well supplied. Aluminium shares are 4 million tons of bauxite, 1.6 million tons of aluminium oxide, with a self-sufficiency rate of more than 100%, and bauxite mines producing aluminium oxide are based on the cost of mining.
The total cost of raw materials is 53.08 per cent, the total energy cost is 31.68 per cent, the remainder is labour, spare parts, finance, etc., and the total cost of aluminium oxide per ton is $1884, based on market prices.
The cost of producing electrolytic aluminium is very high. Based on the consumption of 1.92 tons of aluminium oxide per ton of electrolytic aluminium, 1.2 million tons of aluminium oxide is required for production capacity, and 1.6 million tons of aluminium oxide for the shares of alumina, with an average cost of $2052 per ton of aluminium oxide. At the same time, approximately 75 per cent of the anode is burned to the left.
Aluminium shares have a hydroelectric advantage, and we're giving it a 2017/2018 pe valuation.
Green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium development practitioners The former Yunnan aluminium factory was established in 1970 and converted into a State-owned holding and successful listing in 1998 (stock code: 000807, name: Aluminium shares). As a key State-owned company in Yunnan Metallurgical Group holdings, the stock of Aluminium is full.
State-owned industry, the only industrial enterprise in the western provinces of China that is “nationally environmentally friendly” and is a practitioner of China's “green-coloured low-carbon hydropower aluminium” development.
Aluminium shares are effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of Yunnan Province, which holds 55.05% of the shares in Yunnan Metallurgical Group, Inc., and 2,607 million shares (all shares) in the total shares of the Aluminium shares, with a sales limit of 33.95%. According to the 2016 Aluminium shares, the company owns 16 subsidiaries and three associated companies.
There are 4 holding companies with a total of 12 (including indirect holdings) and for more than 40 years, aluminium has been devoted to green development, centred on the construction of a green, low-carbon, clean and sustainable industry model of “hydro-aluminum plus industrial integration” and the construction of americite-aluminium oxide-carbon products-aluminum smelting-aluminum plus.
The industrial chain of industrial integration creates a more visible resource security advantage, achieving full self-sufficiency of bauxite resources, and scientifically sound and reasonably robustly advancing the clustering of the “hydro-aluminum” industry, taking advantage of such advantages as location, energy, financing, etc. Figure 4: Companies building the “green low-carbon, hydro-aluminum processing” industrial chain
Over 173 million tons of bauxite resources are stored in the Mansan Aluminium Industries under the company's overseas layout and resource abundance, and over 300 million tons of additional resources are expected to be released during the 13th Five-Year Plan, while the older and middle Aluminium Industries have now discovered aluminium in the Porofin Highlands in southern Laos.
The company currently has the capacity to produce 4 million tons of bauxite per year, 1.6 million tons of aluminium oxide (post-natal stage II), 1.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, aluminium alloys and aluminium processing 720,000 tons, and 500,000 tons of carbon products.
According to the 2016 annual report, 820,000 tons of aluminium oxide, 1.21 million tons of aluminium electrolysis, 520,000 tons of carbon and 550,000 tons of processed products were produced during the reporting period. The use of electrolytic aluminium and carbon production capacity exceeded 100 per cent.
One million tons of aluminium oxide were put into production, and by that time, the Aluminium hydroxide could produce 2.6 million tons, which matched 1.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium. The company was also strengthening its own hydropower.
Yunnan Province has a very rich water resource and has the second-largest capacity. By 2015, Yunnan has more than 80 million kilowatts of installed electricity, of which more than 60 million kilowatts, or more than 75%, will have more than 15 billion kilowatt-hours of surplus electricity.
Yunnan, as a pilot province for the reform of the national electricity system, has taken the lead in the implementation of electricity marketing, with companies acting as industrial enterprises that use the largest amounts of electricity for the southern grid, significantly reducing the cost of electricity through electricity market trading. The development of self-contained electricity, the production of aluminium-combined production, and the reduction of the production costs of aluminium oxide/aluminium electrolysis have become the largest in the country.
Aluminium is an important model for the development of aluminium companies. The Xinjiang shares, the Xinjiang population, and the reliance on the rich coal resources of Xinjiang are responsible for 100% self-sufficiency, with a 67% self-sufficiency rate in the Chinese foil industry, and the Chinese aluminium industry will increase its self-sufficiency rate from 11% to around 30% in 2017, while companies such as China's aluminium industry are intensifying direct electricity purchase negotiations.
Aluminium oxide/ electrolytic aluminium production has the greatest advantage of choosing hydropower: coal production can trigger an increase in coal prices and other aluminium companies have to bear the pressure of rising coal prices in addition to the fact that the share of coal is barely 100 per cent self-sufficient; hydropower can only use water resources to avoid pressure on production costs caused by rising coal prices; and hydropower production is free of pollutants.
Emission, full green production, and compliance with national environmental policy. Supply side reform: support for medium- and long-term aluminium prices