Ten times the depth redisk route, three dimensions to the new dynamic of white horse growth, constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) October 16th, 2024.
• High-end manufacture of “crowded beads”, leading high-end precision transmission of national production, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating for domestic hydraulics. The main product is the hydraulic tank, hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic motors, and the cutting-edge transmission of wires, electric cylinders, etc., leading to the replacement of high-end transmissions of national production. In the short term, the dredging industry is recovering.
Against this background, the company’s pre-repressive performance has been eliminated, looking at the three main growth dynamics driving growth up the speed. In the long run, the three growth dynamics resonance, growth up to a new cycle of 65 times higher, with both performance and valuation of Davis. After detailed retorts and disassembly, we believe that the company is performing together.
There is a three-fold logic to push: excavating board synthesity, non-digger hydraulic expansion, and platforming. Of these, non-digger extension, flattening, and stimuli have been two endogenous drivers that have consistently maintained the revenue growth of nearly 10 points, with a strong endogenous growth dynamic.
Looking ahead, the excavator industry is recovering and, in the context of the new renewal cycle and the opportunity to go to sea, the Department has eliminated the factors of pre-repressive performance and is expected to start a new growth cycle.
In mid-2023, the market size for high-end transmissions was more than $60.4 billion, with companies earning only $9 billion, low domestic production rates, public sector growth space sufficient and long-term configuration values highlighted. Specifically: (1) Global Digger Tank pump valves: 2023, market size: $19.5 billion, global share of Helium is only 19%, domestic dredging cycles are recovering, and following host plants to sea and sea.
The company's dredging plates are expected to grow steadily under three main logics of external client outreach; (2) non-digging hydraulics in the country: high-end product markets of $31.2 billion, with only 20 per cent national production, only 14 per cent of the company's share, large national production replacement space, and a steady increase in the company's share. (3) Strings: in 2023, our engine bed used approximately $9.7 billion market space with rollers.
With the high end of the bed, it is expected to grow to $19.1 billion in 2030. Moreover, the development of the human robot industry chain is expected to bring about a $10 billion incremental market.
The main product is a hydraulic tank, a hydraulic pump valve, a hydraulic motor and a silk bar, etc., which leads to the replacement of the national product.
Hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic motors, hydraulic systems, etc. The product is gradually expanding to the area of precision transmission. Electric cylinders and staves, among others.
The area of downstream applications is wide-ranging, with 41 per cent engineering, 9 per cent aerospace, 9 per cent metallurgical and 41 per cent other areas (ships and seamen, new energy, etc.) in domestic hydraulic applications in 2019.
Since its inception, the company has focused on research and development and production of high-pressure tanks, and has gradually broken its overseas monopoly. After years of development, long-standing hydraulic tank products have been widely applied not only to engineering machinery, but also to a wide range of industries, such as aeronautics, ships and seamen, new energy sources, mines, and agriculture.
The tank expands to pump valves, motors, and builds hydraulic platform-type businesses. At the beginning of 2021, the company set up a line-driven project to further expand the product line to the precision-transmitting area, with the expectation that it would lead to the import of high-end fluids after the high-end hydraulics.
Figure 2: The company ' s main products include hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pump valves and hydraulic motors Total income/motherhood net profit cagr, 26/44 per cent respectively, always outpaced the growth rate in the excavator industry, with growth rates of 41 per cent to 48 per cent, high barriers resulting in high profitability, and a consistently high level of corporate profitability.
1.2 Ten times the road to rediscovering the new dynamics of the white horse growth in three dimensions, which rises to 147.5 billion yuan in 2020, a 14-fold increase. Specifically, the downstream dredging industry has benefited from a combination of national production driven by the emergence, nationalization and hydraulic components of the dredging machine, with the company returning to its net profit for three years from 2017 to 2020.
Cagr, 81%, pe up from 21 to 65 times, to double the performance and value of Davis. It's particularly important to retrace 10 times the company's history, to capture the driver of the company's performance.
There is a three-fold logic to corporate performance: the landscape of excavators, non-digger hydraulic expansion, and the platforming of products. Its Central African dredging, platforming, has contributed to the growth of the company’s internal growth by an average of 10 points a year, and we believe that it is a more important future for the company to grow.
(1) Excavator plate size: the rate of increase is higher than the industry by more than five points a year. The company has been accompanied by the rise of the excavator industry. The replacement of the two national products for the benefit of the excavator and the hydraulics of the excavator has resulted in significant Alfa attributes. Currently, about half of the company's downstream business is from the excavator industry, where the excavator landscape has caused fluctuations in the company's performance.
The share of the presses continues to rise, with company excavating plates growing at an annual rate more than five points in the excavator industry. (2) Non-digging expansion: the national production of hydraulics stars, benefiting from the replacement of high-end hydraulics. Non-digger hydraulics markets are large but relatively dispersed, including downstream expansion in non-digger engineering machinery, general manufacturing, ships, etc.
The downstream distribution of the market shows that excavators account for only about 20 per cent of hydraulics, while the remaining industries, such as aerospace, ships, hydrocarbons, railways and common manufacturing, account for 80 per cent of the total, market size and national production replacement space, but are relatively dispersed between industry and households, corporate leaders of high-end hydraulics in national production, hydraulic products, relatively mature technology, past experience
(iii) Platform-based chemicals: moving from hydraulics to precision, Sylvester re-creates the S.S.C.H.S. The hydraulic pressure has been developing hydraulic pump valves since it was marketed in 2011, and the pump valve plant was officially operational in 2014, and in 2023.
The business income of the hydrate valves was 3.3 billion yuan, representing 37 per cent of total income, contributing to the new growth pole. By the end of 2021, the company was planning to invest 5 billion yuan in projects such as linear drives, Mexican factories, new products, electric cylinders, rollers, wires, etc., which were widely used in common manufacturing, robotics, etc. The new growth curve is expected to open in 2025.
The company is expected to open up a new cycle of growth. Through the three main growth dynamics of the company, we find that the growth dynamics within the company are strong, not just the two endogenous drivers of digging up and stimulating the technology, but the growth contribution of almost 10 points has been sustained.
Corporate performance fluctuates, largely influenced by the exterior of the excavator industry, even though the growth of the company ' s excavator plates has been consistently higher than the gradual recovery, with a new cycle of renewal and opportunities for seaboarding, and a gradual erosion of corporate pre-repressive performance, with the prospect of a new cycle of growth.
Figure 10: Dismantling company growth, non-digging expansion, platform-based artery at 10 positive points at all times, built-in growth, strong motor energy (pct), kinetic energy I: strong Alpha chain in the excavator industry, beneficial recovery + sea speed
2.1 On the east side of the country, the excavator industry chain is stronger than Alpha, and the south side wind is stronger. The growth of the sturdy hydraulic pressure is accompanied by the rise of two rounds of engineering machinery in the country.
Do not achieve a significant increase in the share of hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pumps and valves. Beneficiary excavators are both domesticated and excavator hydraulics, and companies are always leading the industry. During the down-drawling cycle of excavators in 2011-2015, the excavator industry and figure 11: The growth of titanium hydraulics has accompanied the rise of the excavator industry, and performance has been largely consistent with that of the excavator industry, with strong Alpha properties.
The company benefited from the nationalization of the excavator plus hydraulics of the excavator, one of the central reasons for which the dual national replacement was a growing leader. In addition to the external factors of the weather cycle in the excavator industry, the rate of nationalization of excavators increased from 42% to 70% between 2011 and 2020, and accelerated nationalization of the excavator hydraulics.
The oil tank, one main pump and one main valve, together with the company's disclosure of annual reimbursement measurements, measured the company's home diggers at 2.2, the weather recovery, the speed of the main plant's out-of-sea lifts, and the excavators' plates at a new light. 540,000 machines were sold globally in 2023, of which 90,000 were sold domestically, while the offshore market was on the domestic market.
In 2023, the world sold 540,000 excavators, of which the Chinese market sold 90,000, the overseas market sold 450,000, and the overseas market sold 5 times as much as the domestic market. In 2023, China exported 105,000 excavators, accounting for 23% of the overseas excavators.
China’s global share of engineering machinery was only 15% when it went to sea, and its overseas market was expanding. According to khl, the global engineering and machinery market was calculated on the scale of the year’s global engineering and machinery market, based on the release of yellowtable “The 50th World Manufacturers of Engineering and Machinery.”
In 2023, the global engineering and machinery market was $249.4 billion, an increase of 8% from the same year. When China’s engineering and machinery mainframe went out to sea, in 2023, it earned $25.92 billion, a 15% share of the world’s economy, and there was much room for foreign markets. In 2020, China’s global share of engineering and machinery reached a peak of 21%, mainly Chinese workers during the epidemic.
The process-mechanical supply chain was the first to recover, with China ' s global share of engineering machinery declining since 2022 as a result of the recovery of the overseas brand supply chain and the further decline in the domestic engineering and machinery market, but the global competitiveness of domestic brands based on good value for money and advantage in services continued to rise in the long run.
The company's global share of the excavator tank, the excavator pump valve is 28% and 11%, respectively, and the global share is expected to rise under the twin logic of following the main plant out to sea and expanding its overseas customers. Based on the company's sales of the excavator tank and pump valves, we measured the share of the company's excavator tank in 2023 at 74% and 28%, respectively.
Domestic and global shares are 35 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, and global shares are well below domestic shares, with companies concentrated mainly in domestic engineering and machinery brands, which are expected to rise in the future as the domestic engineering and machinery industry recovers and the interior engineering and machinery brands rise, with companies acting as upstream suppliers of core parts and components accompanying them.
In addition, the company's Mexican factory is expected to expand its overseas customers further. The global share is expected to rise under the twin logic of following the mainframe and expanding its overseas customers.
Figure 20: Share of the global and domestic dredging pump valves we measured 19.5 billion dollars in 2023 and only 19 per cent of the company ' s global share. 4 tanks, 1 main pump and 1 main valve were equipped with one dredger, 2023 Global dredging tank plus pump valve
The market size is 19.5 billion yuan, and the global share of the constant hydraulic pressure is nearly 19%, of which the domestic market size is 3.5 billion yuan, the domestic share is 48%, the overseas market size is 12.9 billion yuan, and the external share of the persistent hydraulic pressure is 4%. Based on the recovery of the domestic dredgers, the emerging economies and investment construction, taking into account the 2% annual decline in the prices of hydraulic parts and components.
The company’s global share is expected to continue to rise on the basis of the logic of following the host plant out of the sea and overseas customers. We believe that the company’s excavator plate benefits mainly from the recovery of the domestic dredging cycle, following the main plant out into the sea and expanding three customers abroad.
Logically, the excavator plates are expected to continue to grow. Momentum two: a home-grown hydraulic device star, leading industrial hydraulics to national production 3.1, a “kilogram” behind a large-scale heavy instrument, a home-grown hydraulic device star.
In 2022, the global market for hydraulics was $648 billion, with hundreds of billions of markets breeding hundreds of billions of market value companies. Hydraulic technology is one of the key technologies for modern mobility and control, with widespread application in the mechanical manufacturing industry, with global hydraulic pressure of about 20 billion yuan in 2022, representing about 20 per cent of the world ' s share, and cagr of 7.8 per cent in 2016-2022.
A billion dollars, with a market value of only $9.9 billion, and $232,191 million for global hydraulic taps/Eton in 2023, with a total income of only $1.3 billion. Compared to global hydraulic taps, companies grow space. Corporate hydraulic product systems are complete, and hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pump valves and hydraulic motors are valued as compared to hydraulic systems.
The ratio of hydraulic components in hydraulic systems is as follows: hydraulic tank, 47%; hydraulic pump, 21%; hydraulic valve, 16%; hydraulic motor, 5%; and 2%. Of this, hydraulic tank, pump valve, and motor are technically difficult and priced at a higher value. Hydraulic tank is responsible for converting hydraulic energy into mechanical energy, directly driving the implementing agency to perform precision.
Action control, with its process accuracy and durability, directly affects systemic energy. The hydraulic pump is the power source for the entire system, determining the pressure and flow of the hydraulic system, while the valves accurately regulate the flow, pressure and velocity of the hydraulic fluid, ensuring the stability and responsiveness of the system.
We believe that the key to the future growth of companies as global hydraulic giants is the expansion of non-digging hydraulics. The growth of companies is accompanied by the rise of the excavator industry, which still accounts for nearly half of the company’s revenues.
80% of the market for hydraulics, while only about half of the company’s non-digging revenues, and a wide range of non-digging plates, with less than 20% of the national production of non-diggered hydraulics at the mid-end and a steady increase in non-diggered plates, the non-diggering sector accounts for 80% of the market for hydraulics in market space, with a domestic market of about 74.2 billion in 2022.
In 2019, 41% of China’s hydraulics downstream engineering machinery and 59% of other areas, estimated at 20% of the hydraulics downstream, and 80% of the non-diggered hydraulics. Meanwhile, in 2023, nearly half of the constant hydraulics generated the excavators, mainly companies accompanying the excavators.
From a competitive pattern, foreign capital accounts for more than 80% of the non-diggered high-end hydraulics in the country, while the generic hydraulics are still to be domesticated. The market for medium- and high-end hydraulics is about 40%, and the size of the market for medium- and high-end hydraulics in the country is about 2022.
A total of about 23% of China ' s hydraulics, over 80% of high-end hydraulics in non-diggers, and general hydraulics are still subject to national production, according to global competition patterns.
In 2021, the global hydraulics industry cr3 was 36%, the global shares were 20%/9% for Bo Leisure, Paik Hannij, and Eton, respectively, and the industry pattern was relatively concentrated. Compared to the international giants of Leithler, Eiden, corporate value for money, delivery times, and after-sales services.
The price of a constant hydraulic product is usually higher than that of a foreign brand, and it can provide cash or a delivery period of between one week and two months, whereas a Rolexler usually takes one or two months or even longer, especially to import products from Germany. Moreover, a constant stereo hydraulic post-sales service is responsive and solves customer problems faster.
Mechanical customers require higher stability and longevity of hydraulics because of the massive loss of stoppages, greater product dependency, low price sensitivity, and the fact that many customers have long worked with suppliers and are reluctant to replace them easily.
In 20 years, there is still time to build up customer certification of its products. There is little competition in the area of domestic hydraulics, and companies have significant advantages in terms of size, technology, and marketing networks. In the area of domestic hydraulics, companies are far ahead.
In terms of technology research and development, the SHD products are technologically advanced, especially in the area of high-end hydraulic components, and are more competitive. In terms of regional layouts, SHD has well-established global marketing networks that cover a wide range of international markets, and products can respond rapidly to the world.
In 2023, we measured 31.2 billion yuan in the high end market for non-digger hydraulics in the country, less than 20 per cent in national production, only 14 per cent of the share of companies, and a large national alternative space. At the upper end of the company’s business position, based on the above-mentioned domestic hydraulic pressure, the market for high-end non-digger hydraulics in the country was 31.2 billion yuan, with foreign brands accounting for more than 80 per cent of the total.
The domestic market for hydraulics was 54.8 billion yuan in 2016-2022. High technical barriers to hydraulics, good competition patterns, and a firm’s share in the future are expected to increase steadily, with wide scope for non-digging plates.
kinetic energy three: moving from hydraulics to precision, Slashing 100 billion blue sea re-created constants 4.1. Pump valves: hydraulic system “heart and artery”, gene success in expanding high barrier products Hydraulic pump valves are the core components of the hydraulic system known as the system “heart and artery”. Hydraulic pump valves are responsible for the system.
Transfers and controls liquid pressure, drives the operation of mechanical equipment. Hydraulic pumps provide power, transport fluids to parts of the system, ensure that the machinery has sufficient power to perform the operation, while hydraulic valves control the flow of liquids, pressure and speed. A sophisticated control and transmission system enables heavy equipment, such as excavators and forklifts, to be efficient and safe.
Because of the critical role of hydraulic pump valves in the system and their high requirements for accuracy and safety, the technical content and value are very high. The break-up and rise of a constant hydraulic pressure from a tank to a pump valve.
In 2011, when the company was listed, the company’s main product was the oil tank. Since 2011, he has been on the move to the high-value-added pump valves, and in 2012 he successfully acquired the Shanghai New Hydraulic Hydraulic Pressure, and in 2013 he completed the launch of the mainframe casting project, which laid the foundation for pump valve-scale production.
In 2015, during the industry lows, companies acquired German Haverein, absorbing advanced international pump valve technology and contributing to the rapid growth of future operations. With industry warming in 2018, the demand for pump valves rose dramatically, and the constant hydraulic pressure gradually became a trio, Xu, Willow, etc.
The core suppliers of equipment manufacturers are widely used for the introduction of new and new product valves, such as engineering machinery, port ships, energy extraction, etc. Rapid growth in performance has been boosted. Stereopressure has been developing hydraulic pump valves since 2011, and the pump valve plant was officially launched in 2014 with a zero-sum breakthrough in pump valve operations.
By 2023, the pump valve business accounted for 37% of the company’s total revenue, an important driver of growth in corporate income. In contrast, the annual compound growth rate of total HQ income for 2016-2023 was 31%, but the pump valves were removed.
After doing business, the combined income growth rate is only 24% per year, and the pump valves have contributed significantly to the growth of corporate performance. The Division is leading the process of domestication of hydraulic tanks and pump valves, expanding the genes of successful products with high technology content. 4.2. Strings: It is possible to replicate the hydraulic success path, Styling is re-created in the blue sea by 10 billion.
In 2021, the company issued a firm increase in construction investment of $1.41 billion. After the project reaches the postnatal stage, the company will have the capacity to produce 104,000 standard rollers of beads per year and 100,000 metres of heavy roll wire poles, which are expected to produce over $2.09 billion per year.
The business expansion path of the constant hydraulic voltage is similar to that of the global hydraulic giant Bo Shizla, which has an important share in the roller staves market. The electric tank and the hydraulic tank: complementary applications in linear drivers. The electric tank and the hydraulic tank are running a straight line.
Sports, which are widely used in industrial automation and mechanical systems, are complementary to each other in different applications because of their characteristics. Both functions translate power into straight motion, but electric tanks are power driven, while hydraulic tanks rely on hydraulic systems, and electric tanks are more sophisticated and energy-efficient, mainly in need of precision control.
The hydraulic tanks have greater power and durability and are mainly applied in such industries as engineering, construction equipment and agricultural machinery.
Figure 36: The electric cylinder drives the roller stave movement through the transmission of the server, converting the spinal motion into a straight motion. The staves are the core parts of the electron cylinder, and the downstream applications are extensive. The main function of the staves is to rotate, to move the line.
Depending on the structure, they are divided into planetary rollers, rollers, and ladder bars. Depending on the downstream area, they can be divided into consumer, industrial and space-grade bars. They are widely applied in mechanical movements, mainly aerospace, semiconductor, machine bed and robotics.
Figure 38: Strings are divided into planetary rollers, rollers and t-strings, and the global rollers' rollers market was 19.5 billion dollars in 2019, with the engine bed being the largest downstream. According to value, it will grow to $29.661 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 6.14 per cent. The Asia-Pacific region is the global roller.
This rapid growth stems mainly from the rising demand from developing countries such as China for aviation, manufacturing, and robotics. In the Chinese market, the engine bed is the largest application area, accounting for approximately 21.6% of the total market size, followed by semi-conductor manufacturing devices, medical devices, and robotics, accounting for about 17.3%, 15.2% and 15.2% of the total market size, respectively.
In addition, the emergence of new applications such as human robots is expected to boost the demand for staves. Japanese-European firms dominate 90% of our high-end staves market, and national production has great potential for substitution. Strings can be classified as high-end, medium-high-end, and lower-middle-end, depending on the price.
Grown-up supplies, medium- and high-end rollers and planetary rollers are also increasing, but high-end rollers and planetary rollers are only available to a handful of manufacturers. At present, Chinese mainlanders have made breakthroughs in mid- and low-end markets, but there is still much room for improvement in national production rates in mid- and high-end markets. In 2022, mainland Chinese manufacturers were only home-grown.
5% of the market, compared with 30% of the market at the middle end. At the same time, Leyzler, Japan, accounts for 90% of the market at the top end of the market and 30% at the middle end of the market.
Depending on the area downstream, the threads can be divided into consumer, industrial, and space-grade bars. Consumer-grade bars: cars are now mainly used with low- and medium-end roll wires, and will increase in the future as cars become more intelligent and planetary rollers are more permeable.
Industrial-level bars: mainly in machine beds, robots, engineering machines, semiconductors. The precision of domestic bars can be divided into seven levels: p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p7, p10.
The jis standard divides the accuracy of the string into c0, c1, c3, c5, c7 and c10. The grinding bed, the coordinates of the scaffolding bed, is used mainly at the upper end of the p3 level and above, while the rest of the engine bed is used at the upper and upper end of the p5 level. The human robot, represented by the Tesla robot, uses the middle and upper end.
Planetary roller staves. Engineering machines use medium- and high-end planet roller staves. Semiconductor devices require high precision on wires, mainly high-end roller staves above p2. Space-grade staves: severe precision on wires, carrying power, working life in bad environments, etc.
We believe that the spline is a big market of 10 billion or more, and that the demand for the string is expected to increase significantly as the machinebeds become high-end and human robots drive new qualitative productivity. On the supply side, the high-end bar is faced with a higher skill.
There is an urgent need for national production. Companies have accumulated a great deal of technology and resources in the field of staves, with the hope of copying successful experiences in hydraulic tank and pump valve operations, leading the process of national production of high-end staves in the country, and creating a constant hydraulic pressure.
(1) The machine-bed area: at the upper end of the company’s business positioning, the machine-bed area is expected to be one of the first markets to open. We measure that the market space for the roller sculpt market in our machine-beds was about $9.7 billion in 2023, and that, with the trend towards high-endization of the machine-beds, it is expected to grow to $19.6 billion in 2030, with the market doubling in size. The core assumptions are as follows:
According to the silver annual report, the average price of the roller wire bar is approximately $768. Because of the high demand for the roller wire bar in the digital machine-bed area, the volume of the product is small, and the demand for the roller wire bar in the low-end automation area is high, the average price of the silver roller wire bar product can be basically representative of the low-end middle-end string product.
Value. By reference to the average price of medium- and low-end string products used in automation, we assume that high-end roll wires used in the bed range are valued at about 15,000 yuan, while the middle-end string is used in the middle machine bed is about 6,500 yuan. The low-end string is used in the low-end machine bed is about 3,500 yuan.
We estimate the size of the market by using three rollers in the mid-to-high machine bed, and an average of 2.5 rollers in the low-end machine bed (only 1-2 bars in individual low-end machine bed). We predict that in 2023, each of the top, middle-end and low-end machine beds accounted for the total production of our metal cutter bed.
10%, 50%, 40%. By 2030, high-end, mid-end, low-end machine beds will account for 40%, 40%, 20% of our total metal production. (2) Human robotics: based on Tesla 2022aiday, we expect Tesla to be human.
Robots use 1 planetary roller bar in each of the 14 linear executors, and 12 smart-hand empty-heart cup bars use 1 microplanetary roller bar each. According to the single planet roller, the price is about 907 dollars, the single root, the microplane roller is about 302 dollars.
The market for star rollers stands at $16.3 billion and $32.7 billion, respectively.
In addition to the automated industry represented by digital control machines, robotics, plasticizers, roll wire bars and planetary staves are also applied in areas where the accuracy, accuracy and accuracy of linearly driven devices, semiconductor equipment and aerospace are extremely demanding.
Medical: video equipment, ophthalmology, dental testing equipment, etc. \triangleright  semiconductor: luminum engraver (the optical engraved platform usually uses a p1-level precision roll wire bar + raster drive)
Moving, welding machines (p1-p2 rollers), test probe stations (p1-p2 rollers), etc. Aerospace: Aerospace engineering shows a very unusual state, such as overloading, demanding precision \triangleright
So, planetary roller bars have been replaced in many applications. China Space Science and Technology Group 7, China Launch Vehicle Technology Institute, 2010, 2010 and 2010 respectively.
Work began on the development of planetary roller bars in 2011. Figure 48: light engine-driven platform structure chart, Figure 49: Precision rollers produced by Japanese, European and national producers
According to the company’s linear fund-raising program, the project is expected to achieve sales revenue of $2.1 billion per year after delivery, with an annual output rate of 104,000.
According to the company’s annual report, samples of rollers, rollers, tracks, etc. were tested in the first quarter of 2024.
The company has accumulated a wealth of technology and resources in the field of staves, and is expected to build on its successful experience in hydraulic tank and pump valve operations, and to contribute to the domestic process of domestic production of staves and the re-establishment of staves.5
I. Hydraulic tank: Excavator tank plate, based on the recovery of the excavator industry, company follow-up to the main plant and expansion of overseas clients, resulting in an increase in the global share. We expect an increase in the speed of the excavator tank plate in 2024-2026, 2 hydraulic pump valves: Excavator pump valve plate, and we expect an increase in the company ' s global share as the excavator industry recovers.
3 Linear Drives: Thrust plates are at least 10 billion-grade large markets, driven by new-quality productivity, such as high-end machines, human robots, and so on, and the demand is expected to grow significantly. Companies are expected to replicate the successful path of hydraulic oil tanks, pump valves, lead the domestic process of high-end stairball national production, and stump blocks are re-established.
We expect the company to recreate its linear drive from 2024 to 2026 with a three-dimensional logic, and the company is expected to start a new growth cycle, covering a "buy-in" rating for the first time. 1, the downstream view is less than expected. The engineering and machinery industry is significantly affected by the intensity of capital and real estate investment.
The offshore engineering and machinery market is also influenced by economic and policy factors in various countries, with less than anticipated winds, and less than expected expansion of new products. The company is currently laying electric cylinders and staves as a second-growth curve, and progress in the industry will have a direct impact on future growth rates.
The overall growth rate of the division is lower than expected.3 The risk of friction in international trade. The company, as an upstream core component, may impede the export of the mainframe plant, and thus affect the company as a whole, as China ' s engineering and machinery mainframes go out to sea, if affected by new tariff policies, etc.
4. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. In recent years, companies ' operations in Europe and North America have grown faster, involving a certain number of euro and dollar operations, and exchange rate fluctuations are expected to have a certain impact on the company’s financial position.5, Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. The company’s main raw materials include steel, casts, exercise and seals, etc.
The cost of their procurement may be influenced by a number of factors, such as the supply and demand relationship of the market and the production status of the supplier. If raw materials, such as steel, rise in prices, there may be some pressure on firms’ production and operations.