The mix is expected to activate Chinese medicine and create a strong health system.
In depth, Yunnan's white medicine (000538) is reported to be a powerful and sustainable moat: Yunnan's white medicine is our scarce Chinese medicine 100-year-old shop, the cloud.
The formula is one of the only two top-secret country-level formulations in the country, with a special status, which is kept secret by the permanent s148051200144, and which has been difficult to reach since then. For many years, through the Yunnan Pharmacy series and the Great Health Products.
Through technology and product innovation, continuous ahead-of-the-art layout, and the creation of a bright future for the company's development in the field of health: strong core management of the company has been stable for almost 20 years, and continuous breakthroughs in innovation are corporate development.
There are four bright spots: the pharmaceutical industry is warming up, generic drugs such as Miyagi Heinin and Girfe Shu are expected to accelerate, and product prices are expected to increase their performance; the Chinese pharmaceutical resources industry is moving up and down the industry chain, maximizing the value of superior drug resources and sustaining rapid growth; and the health products industry is running out of time.
Great health product layout, child toothpaste continues to enrich the toothpaste line, toothpaste is expected to grow at a steady rate of 10 per cent, products such as washing and sanitary towels are expected to replicate Yunnan white cream successfully and capture the city ' s stock/flowa share (million shares)
A market of $150 billion to re-create new white drugs; gains from provincial pharmaceutical companies as the two-vote system deepens b/h shares (millions of shares) A deeper mix of companies will bring about a major change in development: 1) more corporate decision-making after a mixed system of ownership
Flexibility, lack of reporting, institutional constraints on state corporations) Average increase in salary marketization of management, increasing activity: 3) Absorption of consolidated white-drug holdings, flatening and clearer corporate equity structures, management freedom increase in control of people 4) Integration of white drugs will inject companies
27.2 billion high-quality assets that drive companies to become strong in the field of health care; 5) incorporation of the merger into the forecast of corporate profits and investment ratings. Companies, as leading companies in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, lead in the health sector in the country, compete well in the field of health, absorbing as they change to the ground.
With the advance of the merger of drug holdings, positive changes are expected at the corporate level, with good expectations from management and grass-roots staff giving the company a “strongly recommended” rating.
Yunnan White drug (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine, create a great healthy kingdom, Yunnan White drug (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine, and create a great healthy kingdom.
1) The Nucleus River is powerful and sustainable. The company's Yunnan Pharmacy is one of the only two countries in history to have an extremely secret formula (subsequently classified, not considered top secret), protected for a permanent period, with a special location and beyond; the company uses Yunnan Pharmacy and Yunnan Toothpaste as a means of continuous treatment.
The representative ' s big health products are new to meet consumer demands for their functionality, making Yunnan white medicine the first brand of medicine in the country, worth over $30 billion. Strong brands will support companies ' long-term development in the field of pharmaceuticals and larger health.
The company has been transformed from a drug-based company to a drug-based company, with the big health plate contributing nearly half of its net profits, and the "new white medicine, big health" as a corporate strategy. The company has adopted 4 billion annual revenues in the area of large health, and the first brand of national toothpaste, Yunnan.
White toothpaste has taken the lead, and has been configured in areas of market size and over 150 billion dollars in washing, sanitary towels, facials, etc., where there is a potential demand for differentiated products. It is hoped that the successful experience of toothpaste will be replicated, and that the policy will benefit from the development of a friendly environment.
The company’s pharmaceutical plate, Chinese resource plate, will benefit directly, and the overall distribution environment will be improved. Once the two-vote policy is in place, the concentration of the drug circulation industry will be further developed.
With the company officially starting to change in 2016, Xinhuadu, Jiangsu, jumped into the Xinhua and Xuansu fish, with private capital holding the majority of the shares; and in November 2018, it offered to smoke.
The merger of the drug control programme, which, according to optimistic estimates, will be fully in place in the first half of 2019, and the focus of the company will return to business, with accelerated growth expected. The core management in the mix will remain stable, with salary increases of more than 100%, and the merger programme will simultaneously launch a 760-1530 million equity buy-back plan for staff, management and the grass-roots level
Employees’ motivation is expected to increase significantly, increasing business viability. 5) Nearly 30 billion assets are injected into an unlimited potential. The company will absorb a combination of drug holdings and will acquire about 27.2 billion high-quality assets, of which $24.8 billion is in the flow of bank deposits, funds, receivables and interest, property, stock, etc.
Powerful assets. Large assets provide a source of financial growth in the East. 2. Brands + super-previous layout + strong stability team to build a strong moat.
Yunnan White is the 100-year-old Chinese medicine that is scarce in the country, dating back to 1902, and has built deep-seated Yunnan White gold brands over the years. Yunnan White is the only two top-secret recipes in the history of the country.
The Chinese medicine policy only guarantees Yunnan's exclusive identity, creating a monopoly over the Chinese medicine, while keeping Yunnan white medicine in China.
In 2017, it was worth $30 billion (Hu Yu), the source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, Yunnan White (000538), and the potential for change to activate Chinese medicine and create a healthy kingdom.
Technological innovation + ultra-frontal layout locks in the big health poles Technology and product innovation, super-frontal layouts create bright prospects for companies to develop in the big health field. Companies start with traditional Yunnan disinfectants, through technological innovation, and produce new products.
Aerosols, semens, capsules, embolizers and Band-Aids, while introducing new products such as gas and uterine hemoglobin, and expanding the coverage of medicines.
In 2004, an accurate Yunnan white toothpaste was introduced with a high degree of compatibility with the company's brand, a clear technological advantage, a market positioning, and after more than 10 years of branding and marketing, it was sold for $4 billion in 2017, becoming the country's top brand of toothpaste, laying a strong foundation for the company's big health business.
In 2010, the Ying Yuen shampoo and shampoo series was launched, in 2011, and in 2014 it acquired 40% of the right to clean up the halls, implemented a sanitary towel, and continued to expand the scope of influence in the area of health, and launched a shock on the market size of 80 billion yuan, 50 billion yuan, $20 billion dollars of sanitary towels, shampoo and mask markets.
The company has demonstrated its strength in the field of health, its future, its growing brand power, its increasingly dominant channels, and the fact that Xinhua is a shareholder of the company that brings retail resources, through the Yunnan white pill, its desire to continue to nurture heavy health products and build a healthy kingdom.
Figure 1: Corporate health product schedules Strong and stable core management guarantees long-term corporate development. Strong core management of companies long-term stability and continuous breakthroughs in innovation are strong guarantees of corporate development.
After joining the company in 1999, the management, faced with instability in the management of the company, a single product structure, weak competitiveness, insufficient market control, poor marketing and declining profits, adopted measures such as increased product research and development, continued introduction of new products, restructuring of the corporate governance structure, improved efficiency of operations, network sales and the greater health field, using close tools.
In 20 years, Yunnan's market value was less than 1.5 billion, the slow-growing business created a market value of 100 billion, the first brand of the domestic pharmaceutical industry: when the company's management team took over the company, the stock price of the company was not higher than when it was marketed.
Figure 2: Stock price increases since the company was listed, and through the strategy of “Stable Central, Two Wings” for the period 1999-2010, the company has continued to produce new products at the end of the product, with the central product area model headed by Yunnan White, which is significantly enriched, and has led to “two-wing” permeable and healthy products.
Long-term development, with Yunnan white paste, Band-Aid, Yunnan white paste becoming the company's fast-growing monolith; at the corporate level, integrating provincial pharmaceutical companies, setting up e-commerce companies, and promoting management change in the business sector; and at the firm's core, through the “New White Drugs, Big Health” strategy from 2011 to the present, deepening the health profile of the company.
It is driven by the upgrading of the pharmaceutical business to health, drugs and drugs. Through management system innovation and organizational innovation, four major business blocks, focusing on drugs, health products, Chinese medicine resources, and business logistics, have been established, resulting in a complete production chain with a growing voice in the industry.
The core management of the company has long been stable, well-known and well-informed, has developed a unique understanding of the industry over the past 20 years, has responded to corporate governance, planning and development, and the core management is at a very powerful stage of gold, and will continue to contribute in the future to the development of the company as a guardian.
After that, the company’s core management payroll has increased significantly by more than 100%, and is expected to activate it. A scheme to absorb the combined white-property program’s equity buy-back of between $760 million and $1.53 billion will increase staff motivation at the grass-roots level, with the company’s core management likely to push the company back to a high-speed development path.
At the beginning of the Great and Healthy Kingdom, there's a healthy and stable growth of the Chinese medicine.
The company’s main business includes research and development, production and marketing of pharmaceuticals, Chinese medicinal products, health products, and solar-chemical products. The company’s semi-annual report of 2018 shows that the industrial plate accounts for 39 per cent of income, the commercial plate accounts for 61 per cent, and the commercial plate contributes most of the income.
Figure 3: Corporate business income as a percentage of net profits.
According to the company’s annual report in 2017, the share of provincial resources in medicine, medicine, health and Chinese was 58%, 20%, 17%, 5%, provincial medicine, and Eastern financial resources.
Business accounts for more than half of the company’s income, the Ministry of Medicine and Health has close incomes, and the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources has a relatively low input. As the company does not disclose the net profits of the ministry outside the provincial pharmaceutical company, we calculate the net profits of the main sub-company, with 35% of the health product subsidiaries and 22% of the drugs (the parent’s net return on investment).
Provincial pharmaceutical companies account for 14 per cent, Chinese pharmaceutical companies account for 10 per cent, and e-commerce companies account for 19 per cent of net profits (it covers the sale of solar chemicals, large health products, which cannot be split). The health product sector contributes more than 35 per cent of net profits with 17 per cent of the company ' s revenue, with outstanding performance, while Chinese pharmaceutical resources are small in volume and profit contributions are also available.
Corporate growth as a whole has slowed down since 2010, owing to factors such as business stability, bottlenecks, etc.
With changes such as the promotion of the repurchase of shares for employee ownership, the company is expected to re-energize its operations and return to high levels of recovery from fluctuations in the pharmaceutical industry.
The pharmaceutical business is a traditional business of the company, which is the source of the company’s current branding and product power. The company’s pharmaceutical industry was established in 2007 and merged in 2011.
The original leather product industry, which currently consists of the Yunnan White Drug Series and the generic series. The Yunnan White Drug Series, based on the traditional Yunnan Leather Distribution, has developed a variety of derivative types of aerosols, semen, capsules, gypsums and Band-Aids to become the absolute leader of the domestic blood control, live blood, pain control agents, aerosols, ointment agents.
They are one billion-grade single items, worth more than $600 million, and a total of about two-thirds of the total drug income from the white drug series. Pharmacies such as cytogenesis, blood clover, gas-breeding, and quilts are used mainly in such areas as gynaecology and cardiovascular collars, where there is a competitive advantage in Chinese medicine.
Figure 9: The main drug of the Yunnan white drug, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the impact of health insurance fees, lower prices for bids, the adjustment of channels under the two-vote system, etc., and the increase in the revenues of the Department of Pharmaceutical Industries.
The year was warm, with income of $5,044 million back on the growth track. In the case of the parent company of the main drug industry, the income at the end was consistent with the data of the Department of Medicine, which increased at a rate of 9.53 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018; the profit end, after two consecutive years of decline in net profits in 2015/1916, recovered at a positive rate in 2017, but remained negative in the first three quarters of 2018.
The product price increases are expected to improve the profitability of medicines. The company’s Yunnan Pharmacy series is a national secret formula, with unique market locations and strong pricing rights.
The high share of Eastern financial and intellectual resources has given companies a good level of freedom to raise prices, with relatively little impact on health-care bidding. In Māori rates and net interest rates, historical evidence suggests that timely price increases have been beneficial to companies in their fight against the cost of pharmaceutical raw materials.
Cost increases and faster price increases are expected to be strong. The frequency and range of company price increases have decreased significantly since 2009, and the price of Chinese medicines needed for drugs such as 37 and re-building has risen dramatically.
By August 2018, the maximum price increase was 145% and the maximum price increase was 50%. The company ' s increase in the primary Maori rate was accompanied by a flat net interest rate, mainly due to the fact that in real-time double-counting cases, some of the varieties were low and the increase in the Maori rate was higher, but at the same time the increase in sales was offset by an increase in the Maori rate, not an increase in the price.
China Drug Resources has grown rapidly, connecting the industrial chain up and down, maximizing the development of superior drug resources, and building a Chinese drug-wide chain.
The Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources, which is mainly involved in the cultivation of Chinese medicine, health products, Chinese medicine tablets, extractions, and trade in Chinese medicine, has achieved coverage of the whole industry chain up and down. The company is adapted to the local context, using the Yunnan Road drug industry, the core resources of Munsan Sansan, to build a standardized planting base, to ensure the quality of the drug from its source, and to provide medicine through Yunnan Province.
The Association for Plantation, the Cloud Resources Network has made an effective connection between companies, farmers, governments and planting bases, ensuring the smooth operation of Chinese medicinal plants, providing high-quality 37-year-old medicines for the production of high-quality Yunnan white medicine, developing external production platforms, producing 7-37 series of leopards, Marka tablets, Fife Olive tablets, lascillations of lasagna, high-plane vernaculars.
Products such as liquids, balanced meal series, beauty line, etc., maximized the value of the superior drug resource.
With $285 million in 2017, representing 11.79 per cent of the capr, the abnormal increase in profits in 2016 was due to a sharp increase in the price of three or seven original drugs, excluding large fluctuations in the price of medicines, and the high growth in the Chinese drug resources business is expected to push the Chinese drug resources industry into a key potential sector for the company.
From 2010 to 2017, the Ministry of Health, with 19.89% of the top-income cagr, was the fastest growing sector outside the company’s pharmaceutical resources department.
The net profits of the Ministry of Health in 2017 were estimated at approximately $1.4 billion, or about 45 per cent of the company's share, and under the strategy, the Ministry of Health is expected to continue its previous high-quality development, expanding the range of its products and pushing the company to become larger.
The Kingdom of Health is moving forward.
Yunnan White (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine and create a healthy kingdom, has succeeded in crossing the border to become a leader in the area of toothpaste. The company's strong advantage in the field of anti-inflammation drugs has been the introduction in 2003 of Yunnan White Toothpaste, the main focus of which has been the reduction of haemorrhage, which has quickly filled the country's high-end middle grass.
The empty market for toothpaste, which has grown over 15 years, has gained over $4 billion in 2017, becoming the first brand to produce toothpaste in the country, with the city as a whole accounting for about 18%, and the second largest market in the country, after 21% of black toothpaste. The ointment business accounts for more than 90% of the income of the Ministry of Health and Industry, and is an absolute core product of the Ministry of Health.
The concept of toothpaste accounts for about 21% of the country’s toothpaste market, after 28% of the white and white concept, and consumer approval of the Chinese herbs is high.
Figure 20: Yunnan White Toothpaste series. The toothpaste product is new and continues to grow in good health. Since its introduction, the company has continued to focus on the user’s utility claims.
Healthy series (post-smoking repair), dual-effect anti-sensitization series (resilient to teeth), clean-up series (combrane restoration), children toothpaste (for children aged 6 to 12 years, food-grade materials), price range of $14-65, achieving full functionality of toothpaste, medium-end price zone, and wide coverage of different user groups. According to Euromonitor, the country ' s empty cavity care products are available.
With a market size of about $35 billion and an annual growth rate of about 7%, the market will reach $50 billion in 2022, and long-term healthy growth is still expected in the event of a larger volume. The multi-grass bath series was launched in 2010, the youth-friendly shampoo series was launched in 2010 and the pick-up was launched in 2011.
The membrane series, which acquired 40% of the stock in 2014 in the area of sanitary towels. We judge that the company's strategy is to identify potential gaps in the high-end consumer goods market in the choice of a health field that matches the company's brand, product, technology, and channel reserves.
Markets, based on the company ' s central advantage of technological reserves in the Chinese medicine sector, are constantly introducing new products to meet the non-realization of users ' demands for efficacy (2) seize the opportunity of consumption upgrading, with strong branding, high-quality, high-priced routes, poor-diversion marketing and viral transmission of high-moric products among high-net and partially middle-income populations (3)
In 2018, the company divided the health department team into three sectors, from people to products, and we decided that the company was in the toothpaste business.
After that, it has begun to accelerate the development of other business blocks, such as beauty and caring.
Yunnan White Drug (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine and create a healthy kingdom, figure 21: Yunnan White Toothpaste Health Products Day Series
♪ Little series of profit, high-end series, white ♪
It's the company's main product, with its main focus on herbs, its ingredients and its efficacy formulas, targeting high-end consumers, successively introducing the head-skin care series, the oil-control bar, the oil-and-fried series, the rice-grew series, the caffeine rejuvenation series, the mini-nutrients series, the third and third generation series, through the previous period.
In 2017, our shampoo market was about $50 billion, larger than the toothpaste market, and more widely distributed brands, with more than 2% of the market (i.e. about $1 billion in market share) standing in the top 10 positions in the industry.
With a large variety of Yunnan white toothpaste, and a well-established distribution network, it is expected that the green shampoo will continue to grow rapidly and become the next big healthy breed. The sanitary towels expand the new and vast market.
According to Euromonitor, the market for sanitary towels was as large as 80 billion yuan in 2017, with the top 10 producers accounting for only 40% of the total, and about 48 billion of the sanitary towels market being occupied by small and medium-sized manufacturers, with great prospects. In 2014, the company acquired 40% of the shares of the Fugitive Hall, moving into the area of sanitary towels, and continued to open up to the company in the area of health.
The range of products is based on the original “day” sanitary towels, with the introduction of the Phil High-end private sanitary towels (microbusiness), the White Xiaoqiao series, and a small series of small benefits, enabling the distribution of multi-channels and different consumer groups. In 2016, the clean-up sanitary towels received $117 million, with a smoother pace of growth, with distribution channels covering South-West and East China.
As the end cover increases and brand power increases, sales are expected to expand faster.
The company’s pharmaceutical business, which includes the provincial pharmaceutical company and Yunnan White drug, is large by billions, ranked 16th in the ranking of the pharmaceutical business circulation business published by the Ministry of Commerce in 2017, with 18.92% of the city’s share, and is the leading pharmaceutical business in Yunnan province. During 2010-2017, the company’s pharmaceutical business income line was realized.
In April 2016, the State Department issued the Circular of the Office of the State Council on the publication of the priority tasks for the further reform of the medical and health system in 2016, proposing a two-vote system, which has led to a reduction in the flow of medicine in general to the middle, a flatening of channels, and a further increase in the concentration of the industry.
In 2016 and 2017, the market for medicines grew at a rate of 9.71% and 8.82%, respectively, compared to small businesses in the industry that were facing a decline in revenue from the adjustment of channels, partly dependent on “rolling.” De-marketing, industrial merger integration, and the restructuring of large-scale entrepreneurship companies have disturbed the company’s operations.
In the light of the continuing progress of the two-vote policy of the East, we judge that the number of businesses in the pharmaceutical business sector will be significantly reduced in the future, that the concentration of industries will continue to grow, and that the national and regional poles will take advantage of their size, through mergers and acquisitions, and new ones.
The company is expected to accelerate its growth after digesting the impact of its policy by means of, inter alia, molecular companies, which are increasing market coverage and market penetration. The mix is expected to activate the company, and the overall market entry of the drug control stock brings new perspectives.
In December 2016, the merger of the company ' s controlling shareholders ' co-ownership of the drugs portfolio officially entered the implementation phase. In March 2017, the co-optortion fund was increased from $1.5 billion to $1.5 billion in registered capital.
With $3 billion, Xinhua invested $25.4 billion, Xinhua 50% of the Xinhua stock, Xinhua stock from Yunnan to mixed ownership. In June 2017, the Xinhua stock added $333 million to the capital, Jiangsu jumped $5.63 billion, Xinhua 10% of the Xinsu stock, and the Qin stock structure changed.
Xinhua and Jiangsu held 45%, 45%, and 10% of the shares respectively for Yunnan National Investment Commission, Xinhuadu, and Jiangsu fish. The Xinhua Holdings held 41.52% of the shares in public companies, and Xinhua and Chen Shui Yu together held 4.25% of the shares in direct companies.
The shares are the same, and the listed companies have no real control over them.Figure 25: After mixing, the incorporation of the pre-firm equity structure of the combined platinum holdings is limited to the indirect ownership of 16.82 per cent of Xinhua capital.
Changes in the decision-making system are expected to improve corporate governance. As a result of this change, the company has introduced private capital as an important shareholder, and there has been a marked change in the decision-making level of the company, with the substantive highest decision-making body being transformed from the Yunnan National Investment Commission into a stock fair, with the shareholders meeting no longer required to report to the Yunnan National Investment Commission, reducing the level of management and improving efficiency.
The Board of Directors of the Division ' s governing bodies has five members, the Yunnan National Investment Commission, Xinhuadu and Jiangsujing have appointed two, two and one directors, respectively, and the directors no longer retain the leadership and treatment of state enterprises, and the number of private capital directors is high. The boards of directors of companies are expected to improve corporate governance in a more market-based manner.
There has been a significant increase in Eastern financial and intellectual growth over the years, with an average increase of 112.15 per cent in the salaries of general managers, deputy generals, directors-general and supervisors, including an increase of 177.55 per cent in the salaries of the Secretary-General, the Director-General of Finance and the Inspector-General, and an increase of 151.90 per cent in the salaries of the Director-General, and an increase in the salaries of the Director-General.
The industry’s pay system has been constrained by the marketization of management’s salaries, which is expected to activate management and improve the company’s ability to introduce private enterprise resources and capital, and to accelerate both internal and external repairs. With the company’s introduction of Xinhuadu and Jiangsu fish as important shareholders, it is expected that Xinhua will use more than 100 retail terminals in the southeastern region to boost Yunnan’s white toothpaste and wash production.
The end-covering of health products, such as hygiene towels, improves the marketing of health products; Xinhuadu and Jiangsu Fish jumps are expected to continue to extend their M&As to further enrich the product pipeline and to develop in- and out-of-life in parallel with the 30 billion-dollar incremental capital for companies that are good at capital operations.
On November 2, 2018, the company announced a scheme for listed companies to absorb consolidated parent companies' holdings of drugs: (1) Listed companies are releasing 666 million dollars to Yunnan State Treasury, Xinhuadu and Jiangsu Fish, the three major shareholders of the drug holdings.
Shares, at an initial price of $76.34 per share; cancellation of 432 million shares held by the three shareholders; real increase of 234 million in drug-controlled assets; cancellation of legal personality after injection into a listed company; and no longer holding shares in a listed company.
Yunnan White Drug (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine and create a healthy kingdom (3) In order to achieve the conclusion of this deal, Yunnan State Finance Committee shares in the same number of companies held by Xinhua and its co-operators, and the Xinhua Drug Control Unit is directed to buy back part of Xinhua's shares in the Xinhua Drug Control and is in possession of the Qin Pharmacy Control.
At the equity level, a reduction of $3.455 billion. (4) The program was implemented by the former Yunnan National Finance Commission, Xinhuadu, Jiangsu Fish, with 45%, 45%, 10% and Xinhua, with 4.35% of the shares of listed companies.
The Jiangsu jumps to 25.1%, 25.1% and 5.58% respectively of the listed companies, and the Yunnan National Investment Commission and Xinhua have fixed stock locks for the duration of the conversion: Yunnan National Investment Commission and Xinhua locks until December 27, 2022, and the fish jump locks are fixed until June 26, 2023.
Figure 27: The corporate equity structure following the incorporation of the platinum stock, the incorporation of the platinum stock structure, is clearer and more management-friendly. We judge that companies put the platinum stock on the market as a whole, synergize the operations of listed companies with the original non-market segments, integrate high-quality resources, avoid internal competition, and increase core competition.
Xinhua continues to have a voice in Yunnan and to support the company, and Xinhua uses its own resources in retailing to promote the company’s business.
After the implementation of the sub-programme, there will be a convergence of shares between the Yunnan National Investment Commission and Xinhuadu (and its co-actors) and, as the first shareholder of a listed company: a positive signal. The program does not involve cash transactions, shortens the trading cycle, improves efficiency.
The equity scheme gives small and medium-sized shareholders the freedom to trade and, to some extent, the confidence in the market.
The company’s financial report shows that between January and July 2018, the net profit from the merger, adjusted to the mother, was $1,966 million before the merger was absorbed, ps $1.89, and the return on investment of the drug-controlled funds after the transaction.
The employee holdings are expected to activate the business viability scheme of $715 million. In conjunction with the company's announcement of the integration of the platinum holdings, the shares/stocks will be launched in a total amount of not less than $764 million and not more than $1,527 million, and the repurchases will be used entirely for the implementation of the employees.
This buyback time is 12 months after the Shareholders Assembly approves the plan. The company has launched the buy-back plan at this point, and we assume that it is mainly for the purpose of boosting market confidence in the company and promoting the smooth implementation of the merger.
Incentives are expected to continue and activate the business dynamic. In the process of mixing, the company ' s management and employees benefited directly from the change of ownership from state-owned enterprises to mixed ownership: in 2017, the management payroll was marketed, with an average increase of over 100%; 18 years of employee holding plans were put in place, with an approximate rate of 19 years.
The interests are more closely linked, and we judge that, after the company's collapse, the company's centre of work will return to business, restore healthy growth to the company's performance, introduce equity incentives, create a higher probability of performance bets, and hopefully further activate the company's business.
Figure 29: Incentives after a company is mixed up
• Staff Holdings: 2019: Incentives to management on equity? The merger will bring $27.2 billion in high-quality assets to the company.
In this merger, cash-type assets and other high-quality assets will be injected into public companies, with the exception of shares in companies held by drug-controlled companies, and with the assessment of shares, parts of buildings and land-use rights, in the form of shares in capital, in the form of tea products, in the form of Yunnan Clouds, in the ownership of the Bandung (port shares).
After assets are injected into listed companies, $20 billion of these assets, calculated in terms of a conservative return of 3 per cent per annum, will add $600 million to the net profits of the public sector (with no tax implications for the time being).
The future of the company has begun to be laid out in the light of the impending injection of the assets of the company's drug control: to move forward with the development of the company around the New Pharmacy-Big Health, which is not limited to previous health products such as toothpaste, washing, sanitary towels, but will move forward in the future in the medical field, and the work that has already been done is mainly in several areas.)
In the field of the osteoporology of the company, the introduction of advanced holistic treatment programmes in areas such as Taiwan is not limited to products, equipment and talent: 2) in cooperation with the international pseudopharmaceutical giant teeva, using its international resources to introduce heavy-pound products for the company, giving preference to biopharmaceutical products that can create synergies with the company's existing operations.
The Department provides guidance for the strategic development of companies; 3) in collaboration with the University of Beijing, the University of Beijing has established a technology research-products research complex of land for commercial, hospital, educational and scientific research for future land-fall projects in cooperation with the University of Beijing. In our judgement, 2019 will be a year of significant change in corporate development, and it is hoped that it will begin.
The company, as the leading Chinese pharmaceutical industry leader, the healthy leader of the pharmaceutical industry in the country, competed well in the big health field and was expected to rise to a positive level as it moved to the top, absorbing the integration of the white drug holdings.
Without taking into account the integration factor, we expect the company to develop well in the future, giving the company a “strongly recommended” rating. We have selected four major firms to compare with similar companies, and the value of the company is significantly lower than that of the same enterprise.
Given that the company’s performance is expected to grow faster after mixing, we believe that there is room for improvement in the company’s current valuation. Historically, the company’s valuation has been at a low level for almost three years, very close to the bottom of 20 x, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 30: Yunnan white p-band(ttm)
Eung-heung Securities Insight Report Yunnan White Drug (000538), which is expected to activate Chinese medicine and create a healthy kingdom.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant, Yang Spring Rain
Business research focuses on the Chinese medicine field. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.