(a) The rapid growth and volume increases in the revenues of the various health-care services and the projected decline in the cataracts;
(b) The low cataract base, which was affected by the Weissi events last year, has gradually recovered in the current year; (c) the performance of nine hospitals, such as Ribana El and Yangtze, that companies acquired last year; and (d) the acquisition of clínicabaviera, s.a, which was completed on 9 August last year and is expected to be added to the table for a further four months.
The firm’s long-term investment value has been recognized as one of the largest investment funds in asset management in Asia, investing in excellent businesses, including Tseng, Kyung Tong, Chi, Sindha, and Psychiatry.
Recognition of the company’s ophthalmological position and long-term investment value. In addition, the actual controller, Mr. Chen Bong, has subscribed to 20% of the shares, and after completion, Chen Bong holds 56.28% of the company’s total shares, locking up for three years, conveying confidence in the company’s long-term development to the market.
The company focuses on the local, county and district levels, and several provinces have created a “linking” situation, where the sharing of resources has enabled patients at the grass-roots level to access quality eye care close to the site.
The Corporate Industry Merger and Purchase Fund expands the radiation areas of the network of hospitals through new construction or mergers, with more than 200 ophthalmology hospitals in the interior of the company, covering more than 70% of the country's population in more than 30 provinces and cities.
Over the first half of last year, through the creation of a new American son-in-law.
S.A. International completed its equity acquisition of the famous American Eye Center, WangVision, and offered to acquire the largest ophthalmological chain in Europe, clínicabaviera, s.a., further 1. El ophthalmology (300015): cataract business resumes.
Improving the global layout of the company’s ophthalmology-related industrial chain.
A summary of company financial statement data projections The author has either a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or a considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,