Tagger Medicine (300347) Pharmaceutical biology has grown steadily and the global landscape has deepened, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) has become increasingly active.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $2.8 billion in 2019, an increase of 21.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of $840 million, an increase of 78.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $560 million, an increase of 56.3 per cent in the same year, excluding non-current losses and losses of the company during the reporting period, mainly due to other non-current asset disposals and confirmations
• Two major business plates have grown steadily, and profitability has continued to increase. In 2019, companies promoted the ability of large clinical services to improve, deepen the global layout, and increase the overall scale of operations robustly.
In our view, the continued improvement in the profitability of companies is due mainly to the project moving to a later stage, the increase in the share of high Maori businesses, such as numeracy, and the increased efficiency of staff management; it is expected that with the expansion of large clinical operations,
The company is expected to maintain a high level of profitability, both in depth and with higher per capita efficiency. • Increasing per capita income generation and securing performance growth in contract orders. Companies have always been on the front line of R & D services and have also ensured the continuous export of technology value through technological innovation and autonomous R & D, and in recent years per capita income has generally increased.
In 2019, about 570,000 yuan per person was slightly reduced, leaving room for improvement in comparison with foreign flagship companies. It is expected that corporate per capita efficiency and per capita income generation will continue to improve as services become professionalized and experienced. In 2019, the company ' s new contract increase was $4.23 billion (+27.9 per cent), and by the end of 2019 the company accumulated the amount of contracts awaiting execution.
• The subsidiary Fonda shares are on the market, helping the company to expand its globalized business operations. Companies are accelerating the deployment of overseas operations, the Asia-Pacific region is now well equipped to take over multi-centre clinical operations, the Korean subsidiary dreamcis is on the market, and Europe and America are doing business in the region.
Fonda, while completing the expansion of his own domestic and foreign production capacity, purchases of rmi and bri to expand the global distribution of services will continue to make an important contribution to corporate performance in the future. It is expected that the deepening of corporate globalized markets will drive a sustained expansion of business.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice. The company continues to expand its markets, both within and outside the country, and the clinical cologne continues to be the leading leader in the country: a domestic clinical coro service leader, Tag, established in 2004 and based in Hangzhou, is a clinic-based experiment focused on the development and development of new medicines.
Cro, which provides one-stop clinical research solutions for global pharmaceutical and medical equipment innovation enterprises. Research projects have been completed to cover a number of medical areas, such as oncology, infectious diseases, cardiovascular diseases, endocrine diseases, self-immunological diseases, clinical research on state-of-the-art biotechnology products such as stem cell therapy, bio-like drugs, etc.
By March 2020, the company had launched more than 2,000 clinical research projects to build more than 130 global service outlets in Asia and the Pacific, Eastern Europe, and the United States, helping clients to conduct global multi-centre clinical trials quickly and effectively.
The company’s core management team has a wealth of medical expertise and clinical research experience, driving the company to keep abreast of technological changes and recent developments in the industry. According to the 2019 annual report, President Ye Xiaoping is the company’s first shareholder, a producer.
In the pre-clinical phase, companies can provide services such as bioanalysis, cmc, bet test, pk/pd analysis: in the clinical i-iv clinical trial phase, companies can provide clinical pilot project management and implementation, medical writing, clinical surveillance, data management and statistical analysis, central video and central laboratory, drug alerts, smo, etc.
In addition, the company can provide services such as product registration, medical translation, gmp certification, training and inspection, as well as integrated medical equipment and clinical services from pre-clinical to post-market. Collection and net profits have generally increased steadily.
The decline in the absolute profit end value compared to 2015 is mainly due to the impact of the data counterfeiting exercise carried out by cfda in 2015, which is expected to lead to a further increase in the public Māori rate. Crow has a higher profit margin, the overall Māori rate in the industry is expected to rise further in the future through further integration of resources, the use of a large data service platform, and the Māori rate level is expected to rise further.
During the year, the company ' s three cost rates remained low, with management rates falling further in 2017-2019, and financial costs in the amount of 10,000 yuan, representing 3.8 per cent and 4.4 per cent of operating income, respectively.
Companies have been working on research and development lines and increasing per capita income generation. Companies are constantly undertaking technological innovation and autonomous research and development of nuclear technology to ensure the continued export of technology. Over the last five years, the number of research and development has increased and different specialized services have been addressed; Research and development inputs have been increasing for projects such as salaries of research and development staff, software development, systems use, etc.; research and development has produced significant results.
At the same time, corporate per capita income generation rose to $590,000 per person in 2018, down slightly to $570,000 per person in 2019. Cro is a typical talent-intensive enterprise, with a professional workforce that guarantees the company’s future performance.
The division is Hong Kong Teg, with the ultimate holding company, Hangzhou Teg, whose main business is to provide laboratory-related clothing and bio-equivalency research in drug research and development. The company’s revenue and net profits grew steadily, with its subsidiary’s capacity to build and buy out 7.1 in 2019, and the company’s global business profile strengthened.
In November 2019, Fonda acquired full ownership of Rmi, expanding the services of quantitative and qualitative drug metabolism by opening new laboratory facilities in Shanghai, China, dedicated to biological analysis and sample management of small molecular services.
In December 2019, the company acquired all of its bri shares, its main business being to provide pharmaceutical companies with science-driven drug discovery and research applications for new drugs, which could expand its business base to Canada and the West Bank of North America to meet the needs of a wide range of customers. We believe that subsidiaries are built through endogenous construction.
The establishment and extension of M & As and the continued expansion of the scope of services and global business layout will contribute to increasing the combined competitive power of firms in the global R & D outsourcing chain and to the continued expansion of firms ' global operations. 1) Innovative pharmaceutical R & D industries have flourished, with global clinical R & D outsourcing services growing at a rate of more than 10 per cent, and domestic industries have continued to grow at a rate of more than 10 per cent.
Industry growth has remained at around 20%. (2) Clinical research-related advisory services, clinical trial technical services have continued to grow at a pace and are expected to continue to grow faster in the future as the industry of innovative medicines thrives with increased per capita efficiency and high productivity. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “holding” rating.
1) The epidemic reduces the risk of the growth of the innovative pharmaceutical industry; 2) risks of overseas operations; 3) risks of brain drain:
No, either directly or indirectly, will not receive any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.