In the dark of the day, Vietnam's exports to the United States returned to high growth after the outbreak: on March 8, 2022 Beijing time, United States Customs announced the January 2022 US tires race tires (601058).
Import data show that the United States imported 1.38 million wheeled tyres from Viet Nam in January 2022, a significant increase of 19 per cent over the same period. In the last three years, the United States imported 1207, 1317, and 1.46 million wheeled tyres from Viet Nam, and continued to grow even with a new crown outbreak in the middle.
Zhang Yinsheng, US tyre market demand is stable. The US market is the most important market for the global tyre industry, market number: s150051705001
China’s tyre industry’s champions derive most of their profits from the United States market. According to the US Tyre Manufacturers Association, sustma, and projections, the demand for replacement tyres in the United States grew from 190 million tyres in 2012.
By 2022, the demand for light cards and suv tyres had increased from 28 million to 39 million, and demand for heavy-card tyres had increased from 16 million to 23 million. In the last 10 years, Hong Yingdong has been able to increase its demand from 16 million to 23 million.
In the meantime, the global economic situation has been magnified by the 100-dollar oil price beheading and back to 100-dollar-old, practice number: $15005200800002, global trade conflict and the ravages of the new crown, but the demand for the US tire market has been protected.
There has been stability, and there has never been a major ups and downs. Figure 1 Annual consumption (millions) in the United States market for replacement tyres has recovered high growth in Viet Nam ' s exports to the United States. U.S. Customs announced 2022 on March 8, 2022
According to US Customs statistics, in January 2022, the U.S. entered Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 with 1.38 million wheeled tyres from Vietnam, a significant increase of 19% over the past three years.
The U.S. imports 12,17,14.6 million wheeled tyres from Vietnam, even in the middle, early delivery 2020.11.
A new coronary outbreak has occurred, and it has continued to grow. Wheel tires in Vietnamese factories produce 13 million tyres per year, the target market being the United States. According to United States Customs, in 2022, the United States imported 72, 125, 1.9 million truck tyres from Viet Nam, even though they were in the middle.
Sinda Securities Inc. has a new coronary epidemic and is continuing to grow.
3.8 million items per year (including 2.4 million items from the joint venture with the platinum), the target market is the U.S. market and the U.S. import data for the U.S. and Vietnam's export data, and Vietnam's tyre mills are delivered.
On board the ship, revenue is recognized as a Vietnamese export in the current month, while goods have landed in a United States port to account for United States import data, and the time when goods are transported from Viet Nam to United States customs has caused a time lag on Vietnamese exits and United States import data, usually a month or so when the capacity is normal.
In q4 in 2021, the cargo arrived in a queue for more than two months because of the US port congestion. The January import data updated by United States Customs on 8 March actually reflected the export of Vietnamese factory q4.
In 2021, a complete blockade was imposed on Vietnam in July, August, and September to counter the new crown epidemic. The US imports from Viet Nam fell sharply in September, October, and November, as reflected in US import data. The US imports from Viet Nam rebounded rapidly in December 2021 and January 2022.
The plants in Viet Nam have moved out from q4 to dark moments to quickly resume exports to the United States. Figure 2 Number of tyres imported into Viet Nam by car (article) Figure 3 Number of tyres imported into Viet Nam by the United States (article)
In 2022, the pressure on maritime transport will dwindle significantly: in 2021, the pressure on maritime transport was reflected in the difficulty of transport and the high cost of freight, both of which had a significant negative impact on the running of wheel tyres. In 2022, we entered.
US port congestion has been observed to be dissipating at a faster rate than expected in the market, with a normal cycle of inter-American and Chinese ships returning to normal and a tight shipping cycle to be repaired. Maski, the world’s largest container shipping company, released a treasury on 9 February 2022, 2021.
Annual interest tax depreciation and net profit before amortization is realized at $24 billion. And the current market situation is expected to assume that Maski expects the same annual interest tax depreciation and net profit before amortization at $24 billion in 2022 (the same level as in 2021).
Observing the Baltic container price index clearly shows that the index started at the beginning of 2021 at the normal level of the previous year, and then it rose several times, showing a downward trend. On the basis of Maski’s inference from the situation in 2022, it is easy to deduce that the 2022 price index will be presented.
This is a 2021 mirror: that's the pre-high and low scenario. Figure 4 The Baltic Container Price Index, which we gave to the race wheel in the report Swords: New White Horses! on February 18, 2021.
Business has gone through the test of a new coronary epidemic and maritime stress, but we believe that these difficulties do not affect the long-term growth logic of the tire business, which has faded, or is fading. The long-term value of a company does not change with the fluctuations in performance caused by short-term difficulties.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect companies to earn business income in 2021-2023 at a rate of 1 per cent, new manufacturing capacity less than expected, and rubber prices at a risk of significant fluctuations. Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years’ experience in managing the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.