On February 14, 2022, Beijing time, round tyres released 1.65 million all-round tyres produced in Cambodia per year.
The feasibility report for the steel meridian tyre project states that the total investment in the project was RMB 1,458.5 million, of which 50 per cent was self-financed, and that the loan was to be submitted to the relevant financial institution: the average year after the project was completed
Another overseas project is on its way. The company’s internationalization is steady. Now that the company’s Vietnam I, II and Cambodia Half Steel Project has been completed, and Viet Nam’s three projects are under hot construction, we expect Viet Nam to produce 3 million semi-iron tires a year in 2022 to reach 2 million in 2022.
In 2023, 3 million units were produced and 1 million full steel tyres are expected to be produced in 2022. Cambodia's whole steel tires project is located on the south side of road 1 in Cambodia and transits through Viet Nam.
Open doors, companies can make full use of available tyre production technology and human and material resources, concluding with practice number: $1500520080002 consistent with Cambodia's own low tax rate, raising the company's international market share and helping companies to occupy it.
According to the Los Angeles Port website, the backlog of empty containers in the port has accelerated since the start of its operation in mid-October 2021, the efficiency of port unloading has increased, and the number of container ships waiting to enter is lower than the peak in November.
As a result, the problem of port congestion in the US is expected to return to previous years of normality before the summer season, and prices are expected to fall with no further strains. Risk factors: 1, the risk of new productive capacity falling short of expectations, and high rubber price volatility.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 Early Delivery 2020.11 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Zhang Yansheng, University of Qinghua, Department of Chemicals, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Beijing University, seven years of management experience of the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.