No announcement is good: on the evening of 8 February 2022 Beijing time, the U.S. Customs announced the 2021 U.S. tyre import race tires (601058).
Data, in 2021, the United States imported 189 million wheeled tyres, 11.9 per cent more than the same year in 2020, of which 14.6 million tyres were imported from Viet Nam, 6.8 per cent more than the same year, 40.6 million tyres were imported from Thailand, Zhang Yinsheng
Performance forecasts are to be made in January, and companies are not required to disclose performance forecasts under exchange rules.
One hundred and ninety-nine million tyres in passenger vehicles, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period, and 17.25 million tyres in United States trucks imported, an increase of 32.8 per cent over the same year, in 2021, the United States imposed double sanctions on the South-East Asian region.
In the first year of landing, the U.S. conducted two backsliding surveys of vehicle tyres in Thailand, Viet Nam, South Korea, and Taiwan, China. In terms of final tax rates, Viet Nam has a significantly lower tax rate than other countries. Thus, in terms of country-specific import data on vehicle tyres, 2021
And we believe that this trend will be even more marked as the production of tires in the south of the country increases further. In the case of unsanctioned truck tyres, in 2021, there was a significant increase in the import of truck tyres in the United States.
Taking into account the effects of the epidemic in 2020, the United States imports 1446, 1299 and 17.25 million truck tyres, respectively, from the three-year dimensions of 2019, 2020 and 2021, while the United States imports truck tyres from Viet Nam, by country, have increased significantly over the years.
125, 1.9 million, 456, 469, 7.01 million truck tyres were imported from Thailand by the United States. Over the past three years, there has been a significant increase in truck tyres imported from Vietnam and Thailand by the United States, mainly as a result of the increased capacity of Chinese enterprises in both countries and the corresponding high value of their products in the United States market.
To the desired impact. And it needs to be noted that, in terms of the number of companies with local capacity in Viet Nam and Thailand, there are currently only race wheels for the main Chinese enterprises with full steel tires in the region, while production in the region of Thailand can include medium policy, double-money, Linglong, Piling Sungshan, and generic shares, with a relatively high level of competition.
In our view, whether in the light of the two-inverse effects of the wheeled tires or the entire steel tires that were not affected by the two-inverse, the racer's factory in Viet Nam, in 2022 and in the next three to five years, "Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption" 2021.2
From the point of view of exporting to the United States market, it is expected to be significantly better than Thailand's tyre factory, and from the half-way liner industry, Shenyang's 3.3 million full steel tires, in 2022, as the company becomes productive in Cambodia.
The year 2021 was a year of collective pressure on the tyre industry, especially since the second quarter, with high shipping costs, higher prices of upstream raw materials, domestic market demand.
The overall performance of the tyre companies has fallen under the multiple pressures of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., which is a major listed company.
According to a recent announcement, Linglong's tires are expected to earn $750-95 million in 2021 from the company's non-repatriation net profit.
Enterprises with a decline of more than 50% or a negative net profit over the same period are expected to have a performance forecast in January, while currently three companies, the racer, the strontium and the triangular tyre, do not need a performance forecast under this rule. We believe that the overall pressure in the tyre industry has led to a significant decline in performance throughout the year.
Next, round 2021q3 was affected by Vietnam's outbreak prevention and control policy, and the start-up rate of Vietnamese factories was significantly affected, but the company's performance remained relatively stable in 2021, making it all the more evident that the company was resilient and stable in the process of rapid growth, even in the face of industry fluctuations.
And in 2022, as the company’s Vietnamese factory has fully resumed production and the Cambodian plant has been operational since the fourth quarter of 2021, it is expected to return to high growth. Risk factors: 1, the risk of new production capacity falling short of the expected 2 and the risk of significant price fluctuations in rubber.
\triangleright 3, Risk of continued tension in maritime transport: Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, seven years of management experience of the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.