• Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company’s base (RM) net profit is 1,058 million yuan, an increase of 8.43 per cent in the same year, and a basic gain of 0.375 yuan per share. Combination of the express delivery network and gradual warming of the collection: 1st quarter of 2017, due to poor price-fixing policies.
And the negative news effects of Beijing’s web site, where business growth has been significantly lower than industry growth. But the chairman and the incumbent have re-established business, raised confidence in the network, combed the customer service team and increased emergency response mechanisms, and the company’s day-to-day operations have returned to normal, business volume and income growth are gradually warming.
Improving the quality of services, with an effective appeal rate of 2.93/million in September of this year, and a stagnation of 3.73/Māori in 2016, with returns on investment contributing to profit growth: while companies recover warmth, cost increases are even greater.
They believe that companies are expected to adopt price reduction strategies in some regions in order to restore their market share, with the first three, 2. The proposed acquisitions to build international logistics, which have grown by only $300 million over the previous quarter, reducing the Māori rate by 1.4 pts. However, as a result of the company's current period,
After entering the market, a total of 1,150 million yuan has been set aside for temporary replenishment of the working capital, through the management of property, and 3. " A steady push for the strategic layout, with an increase of 135 million yuan in future or opening up new revenues, contributing to the growth of the main profits " .
The acquisition has advanced to an international level, and stock incentives have shown growing confidence: the company intends to buy the country in cash. 4. "Strategic layouts are fast and fast, with an increase of 8.5 billion yards, international delivery operations, and the expansion of overseas markets.
Industry-Royal Express, 2016.12.4. Over 150 countries.
In addition, the company plans to launch the first restricted stock incentive scheme for core business personnel, technicians and cadres, with a stock size of 0.16% of total equity, with an award price of less than 50% of the current market price, and an incentive scheme with company performance and individual performance.
Unlocking conditions at the double-level of performance underscore the firm’s confidence in high future performance growth. The circular operation restores normality, and the development strategy for 2017 continues to move forward, with the acquisition of pre-international and improved inter-state business layouts; the expansion of product levels, the enrichment of product lines, the development of a fast-moving network system, and the introduction of time frames.
Products: enhanced cost control and network stability: introduction of restrictive stock incentive schemes, highlighting the analysis of rating ratios in the relevant reports in the Yellow Sea market:
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.