Quarter-by-season performance increases, positive stocking guarantees downstream supply by a sub- semiconductor 1025 battalion with an increase of 4230.22% over the same period, resulting in a loss of net profit on the same basis.
In the first quarter, it was reported that revenues of $1,111 million (yoy+4230.22%) were realized, resulting in a net profit of $355 million from the mother, a gain from the same gain and $276 million from the non-mortality net profit, and a combined Māori rate of approximately 55.99%. Significant growth in corporate income has largely benefited from sustained market expansion and positive support for artificial intelligence applications.
In the midst of a wave of i-industrialization, the demand for national production numeracy and the accelerated replacement of national production have become market-recognized. The company’s stock has reached 2,755 million yuan at the end of the period, an increase of 55.3 per cent over 1,774 million yuan at the beginning of the year;
Growth is evidence of the firm’s active readiness to respond to the booming downstream demand and to safeguard the delivery of follow-on orders. It has become a central driver of corporate performance growth. Marginal product lines generate $6.54 million, ip authorization and software revenue of $410,000 per cent.
In the area of the Internet and operators, the company’s product power is widely recognized by its clients; in the area of finance and banking, insurance, and foundations.
(b) The orbital industry promotes the intellectual upgrading of railway services, and corporate smart chip products provide hardware support for the intelligent transformation of traditional industries. With regard to software, companies are continuously promoting the development and improvement of training software platforms.
In the development of a large-scale distributed training software platform, the decentralized training modules of the mainstream industry, such as megatron, Transformerengine, have been updated over time to enable the training software platform to sustain the mainstream large model distributed training needs and reduce the fit cycle of the new model.
Pytoch2.1/2.2.3/2.4/2.5 supports the key functions of fsdp, sdpa, inductor, mlugraph, etc., which underpins a number of focused operations of training and reasoning and achieves a long-lasting mechanism for fast-tracking the community version, which can be quickly released after the release of the community version.
Investment Recommendations: We value the firm’s core competitiveness of the artificial intelligence processor chip, the company’s active supply chain is at risk of instability: industry competition increases risks, etc. Deep-deep cloud-end smart processors, leading the country’s production calculations, etc.
The company has built a technology architecture for " cloud edge integration plus soft and hard synergy " . The company relies on bottom-of-the-line techniques such as the Smart Processor Command Set, microstructure design, and compiler tool chains.
The technology is self-researching, creating a high barrier smart computing platform solution, and the core technology sets the integrated circuit model and the i-industrial ecology are both ground-breaking innovation values. The endip product (1a/1h/1m) fits 0.5-8tops flexible computing, enabling cell phones, iot equipmentai localization; the edges 220 fills lows.
The extended landscape is blank, supporting emerging needs such as intelligent manufacturing and smart energy; the cloud conjecture series covers 30-128 tops single-card computing, which combines the wave, Xinhua and Xinhua to build a network of 1,000 tops-grade servers; and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the industrialization wave, with a pre-existing ecological advantage.
Figure 1: The main product of the Quixai training acceleration card, the cloud-side product line, has grown significantly and has become the backbone of the core collection. According to the company ' s annual report, in 2024, the company integrated electricity business generated 1,174 million yuan, with 99.83 per cent of the revenue earned and 0.01 million of the revenue earned by other businesses.
In the integrated circuit business, the cloud-side smart chip and accelerator contribute 1,166 million yuan, or 99.31 per cent of the total, the product matrix covers multi-model scenarios such as visual, voice, natural language processing, etc., full-scale ai training and reasoning tasks, providing high performance computing base for cloud computing and data centres; edge smart cores
The video and accelerated card collection, which amounts to $6,542,000, or about 0.56 per cent, accelerates the intelligent transformation of smart manufacturing, smart retailing, smart cities, etc., through deep integration with the i-technology. The ip authorization and software operations generate $4.24 million, while other operations contribute $114.2 million.
It involves 715 persons, or 56.52% of the total number of employees. For the first time, a restricted stock was awarded, with company management with the ability to develop and integrate industrial resources with top technology. Dr. Chen Tianshek, the founder of the Chinese Institute of Calculations, took the lead in building a system of technology at the bottom of the smart chip, leading the team to achieve the first global terminal.
The technologist Dr. Liu Shau-Li and the cloud chip are developed in depth and have a system architecture for the development of sedimentation. In addition, the core technologists include Chief Inspector Chen of Corporate Products, Senior Superintendent Liu Liu of the Back End Department, and Senior Inspector Zhang Yoo of the Chip Department.
In seasonal terms, companies generally earn more in the second half of the year than in the first half. In the fourth quarter of 2024, companies received larger rings than in the second half of the year.
At the end of the year, a number of key industry applications have been put in place, with the introduction and release of new company products and the leveraging of business performance, which is expected to lead to a reversal of losses. Figure 5: Corporate net profit return and acceleration (billion yuan, %)
In 2024, the company earned 99.1% of its cloud products and 0.56% of its peripheral products and 0.04% of semiconductors, respectively. In terms of sub-products, cloud products, marginal products, and half.
The Māori rate authorized by the C.I.P. is 56.7%, 51.5%, and 100.0%, respectively. The semiconductor.P. is authorized by the company to authorize the use of the self-used ip accumulated in the development of the chip to its clients, and the expenditure incurred in the development of the P.P. is costed and therefore characterized by a high Māori rate. In 2024, the cost of sales by the company, the management cost rate and the financial cost ratio were split.
The company, the leading artificial intelligence chip company in the country, focuses on the development of clouds, edges, whole series of smart chips and accompanying software. The product covers cloud smart chips, acceleration cards, training whole machines, edge smart chips and end-of-pipe smart processor pop, and is widely applied to the Internet, finance, transportation, energy, etc., in complex ai scenes.
With its core strengths of hardware and hardware synergy, training reasoning convergence and homogenization of ecology, Wujing has continued to promote national production of the ai chip, which is autonomous and manageable. The company’s technological innovation is prominent, with the release of the multi-generational series of cloud chips, the latest of which is the 590-year-old international excellence, and achieved its output in 2024. The company has become a national resource.
The market position of the core supplier in the chip area is strong. The company’s profitability projections are based on the following assumptions: Cloud Line: In 2024, the company’s cloudline generated revenues of $1,166 million, an increase of 1187.8 per cent over the same period, and Māori’s 56.7 per cent, a steady increase in stock and advances during the first quarter of the year, attesting to the company’s active readiness to prepare for the boom.
ip Authorization and Software Business: In 2024, corporate ip Authorization and software generated revenues of $412,000, Māori Rates: As industry trends in aigc and corporate revenue increase, we believe that sales rates will gradually be managed rates: as industry trends in aigc advance and corporate income increase, we believe that management rates will be maintained
R & D rates: As industry trends in aigc and corporate income increase, we believe R & D rates will maintain a scenario analysis of profit projections, previously assumed to be neutral, optimistic projections will increase the rate of harvest and M & M, and in profit projections, we look at the firm's core competitiveness with artificial intelligence processor chips, and the company is actively preparing its goods.
In order to meet the demands of the downstream boom, future performance is expected to materialize. We expect companies to be operating between 2025 and 2027. Market competition increases the risk: in recent years, as artificial intelligence applications and algorithms become more widely available, artificial intelligence chips have received the attention of a number of integrated circuit taps, and the field has become a number of start-up integrated circuit designers.
Overall, artificial intelligence chip technology is still developing, the technology is fast and the path to technological development is still being explored, and the architecture and system ecology of absolute advantage has yet to be developed. As more and more manufacturers introduce artificial intelligence chip products, the market in this area is becoming more competitive.
The company will take advantage of the art of artificial intelligence at the forefront of development and promote technology and product optimization to accommodate the varying demands of more commercial customers for intelligent computing, while seizing the strategic opportunities for artificial intelligence technology to start entering various sectors and increasing market expansion.
Supply chain stabilization risks: Companies operate on the Fables model, with suppliers including ip-authorized manufacturers, service providers, crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, and seal testing plants. Because the whole industry chain of integrated circuits is a specialized division of labour and technical thresholds are high, and companies and some subsidiaries have been included in the list of entities and will be in the company's supply chain.
Switching new suppliers would have a certain cost and could have a negative impact on the company’s performance. But the company’s core technology is derived from the autonomous R & D of the Cold War, with autonomous intellectual property rights, and it will be based on long-term, broad, and good cooperation up and down the chain of industrial policy.
High risk of client concentration: Over the last three years, changes in sales by the top five clients of the company, which together account for operating income, or a slowdown in demand may have a negative impact on the performance of the company. In addition, the company is under pressure to expand its new client base, and if the new client outreach fails to meet expectations, it will be public.
The company will take the lead in the development of artificial intelligence, promoting technology and product optimization, while seizing the strategic opportunities for artificial intelligence technology to begin entering various sectors and increasing market expansion.
Unprofitable risk: As of December 31, 2024, the company’s audited parent statements were undistributed profits of $27,873,724,000, and the parent’s statements were negative for the shareholders. The artificial intelligence and chip industry was characterized by high input and long-cycle.
Only by technological breakthroughs to create barriers to competition can firms take the lead in the market for artificial intelligence chips. In 2024, firms maintained high-quality R & D inputs, with R & D inputs accounting for 91.30% of operating income.
Financial risks associated with R & D inputs: Companies have maintained relatively high R & D inputs, amounting to R & D inputs of $107,231.4 million during the reporting period, representing 91.30% of operating income during the reporting period.
With technological sophistication and market competitiveness, firms will sustain high-intensity R & D inputs, which may have a greater impact on the company’s performance. Risks of large shares being paid: Effective shareholdings for further development and sound corporate long-term efficiency incentives
A combination of Eastern interests, corporate interests, and employee interests brings together concerns about the long-term development of the company, and the Department continues to implement the equity incentive scheme. In 2024, the company incurred shares payments of $17,922.04 million, and the company’s previously implemented and waiting restricted shares will continue to be amortized over the next few years.
The company’s expansion of new business, the sale price of products, the cost of raw materials and sealing tests, and the level of production processes will be influenced by a combination of factors, on the one hand, and the industry, on the other, the chip industry, on the other.
There is a high degree of correlation between adjustment, market competition, and global supply-chain stability. If the above factors change, there may be some volatility in the company’s Māori rate, which in turn affects business performance and performance.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author