National production chip in the army, the historical opportunity of the age of intelligence chip in the army, technology in the country, ecological integrity: Cold martial arts is a national intelligence chip collar \triangleright \triangleright
The field pole companies can provide sound cloud, edge, end-series smart chips and basic software packages, with a well-integrated product ecology. The company works with server manufacturers to apply self-research algorithms to the Internet, finance, transport, energy, electricity.
Power and manufacturing. The company's main cloud computing chip combination of 590 is close to British Weddaa 100, and is in the lead at home. The next generation's 690 is expected to double its performance and become more competitive.
At the end of 2022, chhatgpt was born, the world entered the age of intelligence, and the global computing chip needs well blow-up. In 2025, Deepseek released the r1 reasoning model, with its very low training costs and super-highness.
The ability to reason is a shock to the world, driving large models across a wide range of industries. National chips have increased value for money and availability during the application of reasoning, the Internet, finance, operators, etc.
The Chinese-American competition has accelerated to replace national production and has led to hundreds of billions of markets: the urgency and importance of arithmetic-national substitution has continued to rise under the grand narrative of large-scale technological competition.
In 2024, Ying Wei Da's market size exceeded $10 billion, and is expected to double the 70-to-70 volume. In the context of the US restriction on chip exports, the national production chip is expected to make a larger share of the 100-billion-grade market.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. is in the middle of a national computing chip, focusing on arithmetic chip.
I'm a leading company in the field of intelligence chips in the country, which can provide a complete cloud edge series of smart chips and foundations.
The company works with server manufacturers and industry companies for the Internet, finance, transport, energy, electricity, and so on.
The company’s products include cloud-side smart chips, acceleration cards and training whole machines, edge smart chips and accelerators, terminal smart processors, and so on. The company’s core product is the thought meta-series cloud-end computing chip, which provides new options for home-grown chips for its customers, against the leading U.K. Weeder products.
Chairman and Managing Director Chen Tianse has been involved in chip research and development since graduate students, one of the first researchers in the world to explore a single chip. Since its inception, the company has been deep-rooted in the area of a dedicated chip, with a large number of processor command sets and microstructure innovations in the exhibition, and has been doing a lot of developers' packages and developers' ecology.
It's been perfected over and over again, pushing the company to grow into a core supplier of national intelligence chips.
The company's founding team came from the Chinese Academy of Computers, and most of the core research and development staff came from well-known universities or scientific institutes.
In fact, the industry has a lot of experience. One of the many researchers, his paper was followed by a sub-equity incentive team at the top international academic conference, theacm internationalconference.
The best dissertation award for team stability and cohesion and iee/acmnationalsymposiummicroarchture.
The magazine evaluates as a “leader” and “leader” of the in-depth learning processor, the results of which have been cited many times by the Nvidia and Googletpu research and development teams.
In 2020, in 2021, in 2023, the company undertook three restrictive stock incentive schemes, binding core management and R & D staff, enhancing team stability and cohesion, ensuring continuous innovation and technological leadership, and enabling companies to build up and grow in high-tech fields.
The second largest shareholder in Shanghai Securities Ltd., Inc., is a company owned directly by Mr. Tianshi 28.63 per cent and indirectly by 7.34 per cent via Ai Creek, Beijing, with a combined holdings of 35.97 per cent.
The company provides good shareholder-backed equity and is the actual controlling agent of the company.
The Division ' s 15.73% shareholdings, which provide a good shareholder background for the development of the company, as well as talent and industry resources, fully benefit the company from the development of the ai chip through the production and research collaboration. Most of the top 10 shareholders are index funds.
In 2016, the company's first commercial endai
Cloud edge integration, strategic focus, cloud-side computing. The latest product's thinkers, chips — Cold Warx 1a, released, integrated into the world's first artificial smartphone chip of 970 america.
590 made a commercial breakthrough to acquire a powerful local intelligence processing capability for the Chinese flagship phone, mate10. Since then, based on the Cold War 1a, the company has a large number of orders from Internet customers.
Smart drivers, drones, speech recognition, natural language processing, etc. In 2017, the company released a high-performance ai processor product line for the cloud, named after the machine learning processor (mlu), establishing a high-calculation chip as an important link in the corporate product matrix puzzle.
In 2019, the second generation of cloud-end high-calculus products - the lu200 series of chips were released, including the 290, 270 and 220 models, of which 290 were designed for training in cloud-top high-calculation needs, 270 were mainly for cloud-end reasoning, and 220 were designed for the 220.
In 2021, the company released the third generation of cloud-end high-calculation chips – the Mlu300 series of chips, the main product being the Schematic 370 chip and the corresponding series of accelerators and whole machines. The company also launched its own interconnectivity program, mlu-link.
In 2023, the company released the latest generation of high-calculation chip products - the 590 chip. The chip is easy to combine with the mainstream ai model, which combines 100% of the country’s power against the U.S. Weldaa.
The company has focused its business on cloud-based computing chips to better meet downstream customers’ demand for high-performance home-grown chips. Since 2023, the company and the Internet have been working together.
Clients in the fields of telecommunications, finance, transport, etc. work closely together, constantly grinding their products and, in the near future, achieving stage-by-stage results, seeking access to a large number of orders from large Internet customers.
In 2021, the company released a thought chip of 290 yen and an accelerator card of 290-m5, the company's first training with a chip, using an advanced process of 7nm on a battery, incorporating a self-researched Mlu-link multi-chip interconnection technology in the cold martial arts.
In 2022, the company released a new training acceleration card based on the Scheduling 370-x8, which was configured for the Bistro 370 chip and integrated into the Mlu-link First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd.
In 2023, the company released the latest generation of chip thinkers, 590, with more than a doubling of performance compared to the S $370, with a combination that can be at the top of the country’s lead against the British Wedaa 100.
The cambriconneuware is the ecological core of the department, helping companies to master the design and development of the smart processor command set, the smart processor microstructure, which has now taken over to the top.
Five generation processor microstructure mluarch05, used for the latest generation of cloud training chip 590. The company is still developing a new generation of smart processor microstructures and command sets for large language models, large image video models, recommendations.
The system’s big models and other training scenarios focus on optimizing the technical indicators of performance, power, etc., and will also significantly improve programming flexibility and product ease to improve product competitiveness. Companies are also building up core technology in smart chip programming languages, smart chip mathematics banks, and rolling out cambricon.
Neuware serves as a platform for the development of cloud, border, end-harmonized smart processor software. Cambriconneuware integrates all bottom software stacks for training and reasoning, including hardware drives, ai acceler, communication library (cncl), development language bang, etc., while also developing the software platform with the tansorfly, pytorch, etc.
Deep integration and training allow developers to easily complete the entire process from cloud to end, from model training to reasoning deployment, and enhance the efficiency of the development of the ai algorithm. At the end of the training, the platform supports a wealth of graphic images, voice, references, and nlp training tasks through its own ownership.
At the end of the reasoning, the company built the magicinond reasoning acceleration engine, which allows users to invest very little in development costs and to deploy the reasoning to the Cold War full series.
Cuda is a parallel computing framework and programming model launched by Weida in 2007 and a strong physical and hardware synergy barrier built by Weida. Through Cuda, it provides developers with a full set of development tools, various repositories.
Quick banks, mathematic libraries, communication libraries, etc., and various ways of fine-tuning the developers so that they can move quickly, complete the project, and also facilitate the movement of the project between platforms. The company ' s cambriconneuware integrates all bottom software stacks, libraries and programming languages for training and reasoning, so that developers can move the project quickly.
The efficient use of chip computing has effectively enhanced the competitiveness of corporate products.
In 2021, when Mlu-link upgraded inter-card connectivity, the company first introduced self-researched Mlu-link multi-core interconnection technology, power, breaking cluster performance bottlenecks, Nvlink, like the British Welda, to help arithmetic clusters with efficient multi-core multi-card training and distributed reasoning.
In 2022, the company issued mlu370x8 cards, carrying mlu-link, which provides 200gb/s additional cross-chips communication capability for each chip, with a bandwidth of three times the pcie 4.0 standard. The company specifically designed the mlu-link bridge for the Docca system, enabling the interconnection of four double core mlu370x8.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., one uses the ground to take root, home-grown arithmetic to meet historical opportunities, one has a new wave of technology, and global arithmetic demand has grown.
By the end of 2022, the world had reached the age of generating artificial intelligence. Technology giants had entered and participated in large model competitions.
The Amazon, for its part, is leading the country in terms of agent capabilities by investing in anthropological entry, and the claude model of the anthropic series. Domestic firms are also coming in, and now they're fighting a 100-model war, China, China, Science and Technology, Begawan Intelligence, Minimax, Ideas, and then Ali.
Generating artificial intelligence requires a huge amount of numeracy for modelling training, and global demand for arithmetic chips is blowing up. North American cloud producers have adjusted capital spending on a seasonal basis, amounting to more than $300 billion in 2024, about half of which is spent on capital.
Higher for arithmetic investment. In 2025, North American cloud producers increased their arithmetic spending further, with Google projecting capital expenditure of $75 billion for 25 years; Meta projection of $640-72 billion; Amazon quarter $25 billion, which is expected to continue to rise in the quarter ahead, and more than $100 billion for the entire year; Microsoft projection of capital expenditure of Fy26 of $800.
As a global arithmetic leader, Yvesta's performance rose quarterly from $5.93 billion in 22q3, to $39.3 billion in fy25q4 (January 25 calendar year).
China’s intelligence investment has accelerated, and the market for the one server will break out of the hundreds of billions of dollars. The forecast bytes, Ali, 100 degrees, and the year of capital expenditure breakthroughs in 2025 will rise further to over 120 billion yuan, the vast majority of which will be invested in the other’s arithmetic.
300 billion yuan, combined with capital spending by three operators and 100 percent (bats) in 2024, totals around $170 billion, and is expected to be needed for three industries in 2025.
On March 31, 2025, idc published the Chinese semi-annual accelerated computing market (second half of 2024) tracking report, which shows that China ' s accelerated server market reached $22.1 billion in 2024, an increase of 134% compared to 2023. idc expects that China ' s accelerated server market will reach $100 billion in 2029.
In 2024, the market size of the accelerated chip in the Chinese State of Weida grew rapidly, exceeding the demand by over 2.7 million, of which gpucards accounted for 70 per cent of the city, counting the volume of the card market.
From a brand perspective, 70% of China’s home-grown artificial intelligence chip brands are produced. More than 820,000 copies of the U.S. export-control screens have been produced. With a match to Deepseek, China’s home-grown chip has made a breakthrough in the software ecology.
The market share will be further enhanced by the high-value-for-country model of Shanghai Securities Ltd.
The reasoning model, which is represented by the Great Deepseekv3 and the Deepseekr1, accelerates the application of ai to mass landings, pushing the need for relay training.
At the end of April 2025, Alibaba officially released a new generation of large models, qwen-3 series, covering six dense models and two moe models with parameters ranging from 600 million to 235 billion, meeting different scenarios from the edge to the server end.
This series of models is optimized in terms of performance and the efficiency of reasoning, resulting in a 10-30% increase in accuracy compared to the previous generation model, a 20-40% increase in the rate of reasoning, a further reduction in the cost of reasoning, and an increase in the utility of model deployment at the end.
The blood version deepseekr1 will be reduced by 65-70%, and the day-to-day reasoning scenario will cost 1/20% of gtp-4turbo. The industry expects Deepseekr2 to appear in 2025 and is expected to remain moe mode, but the number of training participants will reach 1.2 trillion, nearly double the cost of r1 and will decrease further.
The large model will be completed by national production capacity training and will not rely on an English chip. Alibaba’s performance report for the first quarter of 2025 mentions two trends that companies see: one is the internal penetration of ai in large medium-sized enterprises and the other is the active use of ai clients from large- and medium-sized enterprises to small and medium-sized enterprises.
The company saw the acceleration of the fall of ai in emerging industries such as the Internet, smart cars, finance, online education, and traditional industries such as traditional manufacturing, farming, etc. Central America competes for ai-highland voice.
Since the Chinese-American trade friction of 2018, the United States has been competing for China's high-tech industry, especially the semiconductor industry.
In 2022, after the US government tightened its supply of high-end computing chips to China’s top-level chip, Biden’s government held it hostage to the advantage of a semiconductor advanced process.
In the final phase of the administration, successive executive orders were issued to further limit China's ability to acquire high-end chips. On January 13, 2025, the Biden government issued the Provisional Final Rules on the Proliferation of Artificial Intelligents, which were further tightened in countries other than its core “friends circle.” On January 15, the Biden government resigned.
The First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. has an executive order to tighten the flow into mainland China of 14 nm, or 16 nm, or less, of pre-programmed chips produced by crystal-round plants such as tiles, tristars and so on, while strengthening the scrutiny of final customers.
In May 2025, the U.S. had two important events at the ari arithmetic end, 1) the U.S. Department of Commerce officially issued a circular repealing the Biden government's rules on the spread of artificial intelligence, while announcing three guidelines to strengthen the control of the exit of the overseas ai chip. 2) The Young In-hoon, Wetaka, has announced that more than 18,000 of the most recent items will be sold to Saudi companies in Humain.
Artificial intelligence chips. We believe that America’s position and direction in the future ai competition is beginning to be clear, that is, to encourage the whole ball to adopt American-led ai chips and software, while taking repressive measures against competing countries such as China, limiting the global application and development of Chinese-led chips and models.
We believe that the ai chip, the ai big model will be the infrastructure of the future world, and that technologies like mobile communication (4g, 5g), the Internet, etc., will have a place in the global science and technology industry. Thus, the right to speak with the ai chip and the big model will be the core battleground for technological competition among the major powers. The United States will open up its arithmetic diplomacy, hoping to replicate its past in the global supply chain.
The company’s high-calculus chip has been recognized by the Internet and industry clients, and since the release of its ideas 290 and 370 in 2021, the company’s high-calculation products have included Ali, 100 degrees.
The company’s products are tested by Internet customers, and it is hoped to speed up delivery. Bytes, major Internet plants, such as troupe, are widely tested and produced.
The company has also deepened its engagement with industry clients, making progress on projects in finance, transport, energy, etc.
In the area of the Internet: testing in major Internet plants such as bytes, Ali, Tents, and Pepsi, it is hoped that the application of reasoning will be carried out in the area of finance: companies continue to deepen their business exploration with banks, insurance companies, and foundations. In addition to providing ongoing arithmetic support for traditional artificial intelligence applications, companies are undertaking comprehensive adaptation optimization of large models.
Assisting clients in the realization of large model landings in actual business scenes: in the field of transport: companies have successfully participated in multi-trough road cloud integration projects, smart parking, intelligent high-speed operations, contributing to digital informatization of power traffic.
Orbital industries: The company works in depth with key clients in the areas of smart inspection, voice purchase tickets, and promotes iron, other vertical industries: the company's smart chip product continues to protect traditional industries from intellectual transformation, and helps the landing of the operation of the Elite Mine, the Smart Grain.
The company’s new generation of 590 calculus dollars vs. British Weidaa 100 chips, a product that is more robust, better equipped and better equipped to develop, is expected to accelerate delivery in 25 years. A new generation of new computing products is also being developed and tested.
Pre-empowering advantage to drive the company's business into a positive cycle cambriconneuware- leading industry developer eco-eco-diplomatic
The cuda cuda ecology of Xinwuki is an important part of ensuring the continued rapid growth of British Weida’s operations. With the official release of the cuda computing architecture in 2007, Cuda ecology has become a generous mound of the Angveda River after almost 20 years of development.
He's a chip manufacturer who wants to hit Britain's chip market leadership, and he's lost under a perfect ecological system built up by Cuda. Cuda is not just a tool, it's the nerve center of the entire business system in Canada. Once developers invest in Cuda, they can hardly easily turn to other platforms.
The combination of hardware not only maximizes gpu, but also deepens the user’s dependence on Anglo-Vidal ecology. Developers can use cuda to efficiently develop projects, migrate projects, optimize projects, and have a wide range of community support and training systems.
Cambriconneuware — The Cuda of Cold War is a software development platform for corporate smart processor products, using a cloud-side integrated, training-based architecture that supports the entire series of products from the cold martial arts cloud, edge and end.
Videos, cloud chips share the same software interfaces and complete ecology that allow for easy development of intelligent applications and migration training end: the platform supports a wealth of graphic images, voice, recommendations, and nlp training tasks. Through bottom computing, Cunnl and the communications library cncl, it achieves the hardware efficiency and communication effectiveness of industry leaders in practical training operations.
At the same time, provide a rapid migration of models to help users quickly complete the migration of existing business models. At the end of the line of reasoning: magicind is the new reasoning acceleration engine built by the Cold War, and the first industry reasoning engine to achieve commercial deployment capability based on mlir mapping.
User support: companies provide mature developers’ communities, developers’ forums, development documents, and case examples to enable users to complete projects efficiently and quickly.
The company was one of the first companies in the country to provide high-calculative chips, and it was the first to complete the development of the ecology.
Over the years, the company’s products have been used by governments, the vertical industry, operators, and Internet companies alike to improve developers’ ecological and hardware products. We believe that the company’s future large-scale delivery to Internet companies will further accelerate the company’s developers’ ecological development.
Setting up and product rotations to help companies take the lead in achieving the positive cycle. Stock advance growth is clear: demand is strong, supply is secure, demand is strong, supply chain is good.
In dollar terms, the company’s inventory consists mainly of commission-processed goods (crystal, spare parts, etc.) and goods in stock, with reference to 2024, when payments are made mainly for advance payments made by companies to upstream lock-in capacity and important spare parts products. We believe that the continued increase in advance payments is indicative of the robustness of the company’s supply chain and guarantees the company’s continued growth in its future performance.
In recent years, companies have continued to invest in high R&D costs, building high-performance products and easy-to-use software ecology.
High R & D investment secures hardware and software fast-paced, producing a product with a full income of 209 / 158 / 104 %. The firm’s R & D spending intensity and absolute value is in the domestic listing chip company.
In 2024, the company mentioned the direction of research and development, including: Hardware end: the company continuously optimizes its chip architecture design, upgrades large models of natural language processing, video image generation, research and development direction, companies target hard
The suitability of scenarios such as models and the training reasoning of large vertical models enhances product competitiveness in terms of programming flexibility, ease of use, sexuality, etc.
(b) Software eco-ends: continuous optimization of large model training and reasoning applications and refinement of basic system software platforms;
At the ecological level, the training software platform provides support for pytoch 2.1/2/2/2.4/2.5, achieving raw support to mlu in the communities of transforms, accelerate, Deepspeed.
The training software platform has increased support for training in mainstream models such as the DeepSeek series, the llama series, and the qwen series. The training software platform has supported parallel training functions, continuously optimized the thermal calculus performance, resulting in training performance at the level of industry mainstreaming and stronger practices through optimal integration strategies, such as sub-programmes and support for arithmetic integration.
On April 30, 2025, the company issued a copy of its plan to raise funds from a specific target group.
If the project is successfully implemented, the company will be guaranteed a national chip of 10 to more than RMB 4.98 billion, after deducting the cost of distribution, the actual fund-raising will be used for a large model chip platform.
Industrial status of the 100-volume phase, project of software platforms for large models (to be invested in 1.6 billion yuan) to protect the company from rapid development
According to the company announcement, the fund-raising project will: 1) enhance the company’s capacity for large model-oriented chip technology and product combinations, and enhance its long-term competitiveness in the intelligent chip industry. The company will undertake a breakthrough in smart processor technology for large models, with no research and development coverage.
A series of chip products from the same type of large model mission scenario (training in chip, large language reasoning, multimodular reasoning chip, large model communication exchange chip) and building an advanced envelope technology platform.2 The construction of a software platform for large models further enhances the openness and ease of use of the company ' s software ecology.
The hardware architecture of the corporate smart chip is designed to develop a software platform for large models, with a focus on large models. Technology conducts innovative research on the corresponding optimization strategies, software algorithms and software tools, and builds efficient support and service capabilities for large models for algorithm development and deployment.
3) Addressing the business finance needs of companies and enhancing their resilience to risks. As their R & D inputs and operations expand, their demand for operating capital increases accordingly, and therefore requires adequate liquidity to support business practices, providing a good basis for companies to further enhance their market competitiveness.
Taking ownership of the initiative during the release phase allows companies to invest more not only in chip research and development to meet customer needs more quickly, but also in securing the supply chain.
The company ' s revenue is mainly derived from the sale of process circuit products, which are distributed according to the application landscape, including cloud line, marginal product line, ip authorization and software business, as well as other operations. 99.3 per cent of the business collection is expected to continue at a high level in the future.
The S.M. 370, and the S.W. 590 series of chips and accelerated card products. We expect that the company’s cloud-side product lines will benefit significantly from the development of the arithmetic of major Internet plants, operators, industry customers, and that the business will start in 2025, including electricity, transport, finance, logistics, medical, etc.
ip Authorisation and Software Business: This business is mainly for the use of corporate smart processorip in its products to the client and for the use of corporate cloud-side platform software packages to the client.
As a result of changes in the company’s business model and the way it works with its clients, the company’s related revenues were reduced to zero in 2024. We expect that future revenues from the business will be mainly reflected in the income from the cloudy product line.
Māori rates will significantly decrease in the cost of running and selling costs in terms of the cost of operating at the expense of the volume, largely as a result of a significant increase in corporate income, with three rates fast-tracking with income.
The costs of management and sales continue to grow in absolute terms to reflect the expansion of corporate business and its decline. The growth in absolute spending on R & D continues at a high rate.
R & D rates are around. The absolute value of R & D costs is expected to continue to rise in order to safeguard the company ' s technological leadership in the area in which it is located. On the basis of these reasonable projections, we expect that the net profits of the company ' s parent shareholders in 2025-2027 will be realized.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., we've selected China a chip design company, which includes China's cpu and gpu taps, sealight information, national production storage and mcu taps, corporate innovation.
As companies like WikiLeaks, and Smart Drivers and Robot Chips, Horizon Robots, and Black Sesame Minds, we find that tyrannical is significantly ahead of their peers in growing up and in the lower e-values of the same kind.
We believe that the company, as one of the leading players in the national production chip, with a much higher rate of profit and growth than the same type of company mentioned above, should enjoy a valuation premium. The company is a national production-leading company that has already gained a pre-emptive advantage in the surrogate wave of national production, including 1) production.
Better eco-systems, 2) more secure supply chains, 3) more well funded. With a strong trend towards artificial intelligence, companies are expected to be able to respond to business eruptions with their well-developed combination of hardware and software, as well as the pre-embracing advantages accumulated among their clients.
We believe that the company is a scarce indicator of domestic productivity, and that it is expected to benefit from both the dynamic development of artificial intelligence and arithmetic substitution. For a 50-fold market gain from the company in 2027, the market value corresponds to 41.4 billion dollars.
1.ai chip demand slows down: the generation of AI applications are still in the early stages, and the input and output of the ai hardware may not match, leading to a slowdown in industry investment; 2. Supply chain volatility: the company is a chip design company, operating on the Fabless model.
3. Increased competition in the industry; downstream customer self-research chips; increased input from competitors; competition among other leading producers; and geographical protection may lead to increased competition in the industry, with negative impacts on the industry.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors only.
No material, content or hard copy shall be copied, reproduced, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed to any other person in any way. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided for your information only, and are not intended as or considered to be the sale or purchase or acceptance of securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or offer thereof, nor constitute an investment proposal.
You shall make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status. Sex or correctness does not make any explicit or implied statement or assurance.