Given that companies have invested in the transformation of retail operations in recent years, the contribution of retail panels has increased, the size of retail customers and asset management has grown, and companies are actively increasing their exposure to assets,
Quality was further strengthened, and companies now valued below the industry average, maintaining their higher ratings. Non-interest growth remained excellent, asset quality remained robust, revenue increased further, and fees and fees increased continuously.
In the first three quarters of the year, the Bank increased its net profit by 10.7 per cent, up 0.6 percentage points from the first half of the year. The Department’s operating income also increased rapidly, from 2.4 percentage points to 17.3 per cent in the first half of the year.
The revenue from fees increased by 32.1 per cent in the first three quarters and 2.7 percentage points in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the fast growth in bank cards and agent operations. With respect to net interest income, the previous three quarters saw a 13.5 per cent increase in the same quarter, the three-quarter spreads were small and the asset end structure was further optimized.
The company’s three-quarter spreads continue to be small, with the Chinese bank line 2bp, as measured by the caliber at the end of the period, while the end-of-debt cost is equal to the lower cost of a corporate liability. Three-quarters of corporate capital is largely influenced by seasonal factors, and is stable at the end of the year, when the growth rate is six months higher.
The quality of the assets remained stable and the level of the provision was repaired at a relatively high medium level, but the rate remained constant for three consecutive quarters and the quality of the assets remained stable overall. We measured the annual rate of negative generation of about 1.36 per cent plus write-offs in three quarters, with a 40bp drop in the ring comparison.
The Division further increased its provision during the three-quarter period, with credit costs rising from 62bp to 2.19 per cent in comparison with the two-quarter period, and Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations
I'm sorry. I'm so excited. I'm so sorry.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net profit of Sino-Kinto Bank increased by 10.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by 0.6 percentage points more than in the first half of the year. The company’s operating income also increased rapidly, with an increase of 2.4 percentage points to 17.3 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of a further increase in commission revenue.
On the basis of the low base for the same period last year, the revenue from fees increased by 32.1 per cent faster in the first three quarters than in the first half of the year, by 2.7 percentage points, mainly as a result of the fast growth in bank cards and agent operations. With regard to net interest income, the 13.5 per cent increase in the previous three quarters remained largely stable (vs 3 quarter spread slightly and asset end structures were further optimized).
The company’s three-quarter interest differentials continued to be small, we measured at the end of the period, and Sino-Bank’s single-season interest differentials improved by 3 bp to 1.92%. Specifically, the asset end-of-the-quarters rate of return remained small at 2 bp, while the liability end-of-life cost was flat below the cost of a corporate liability. The three-quarter asset end structure was further optimized, with the total asset ring increasing by 1.0%, with the loan ring increasing by 3.0%.
The quality of assets has remained stable and the level of provision has been repaired 1.72 per cent of the non-performing corporate loan rate for the three quarters, which was at the same level as at the end of the six-month period. Although the negative absolute value is relatively high in the listed banks, the negative rate has remained constant for three consecutive quarters and the asset quality has remained stable overall. We measure the average annualized rate of production of the company plus write-off in the three quarters.
The company further increased its provision in the third quarter, with credit costs rising from 62bp to 2.19% in the second quarter, and ICB’s profit growth in the third quarter, driven by higher fees and fees. Meanwhile, the company’s three-quarter interest differentials remain small, retail business shifts, retail block contributions are increasing, retail customers and asset management are growing, and companies are actively increasing.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Economic development influences real economy operations and profitability, thus affecting asset quality performance in the banking sector.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, US-American trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainties, and, as a follow-up, economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.