October 18th, 2019.
Three-quarterly performance reviews: faster net gains, attractive valuations, billion dollars, 10.7 per cent increase in net interest income, driven by the expansion of corporate assets, and relative stability in interest differentials; faster growth in net fees and fees. In terms of asset quality, the negative rate is equal to 20 per cent.
The company has increased its contribution by increasing its coverage. The company is currently valued at a low level, with security margins and appeal, while it also has a substantially equivalent interest rate (about 5%) with a combined income of $142.4 billion, a 17.3% increase in yoy, a net gain of $40.8 billion and a 10.7% increase in yoy, corresponding to the annual rate.
In the low base period, the net income from fees is growing at a very high rate. At the income end, the first 30 non-interest income rose by 23.8% to 55.1 billion, and in terms of the main composition, fees and commissions, the first 30 product groups.
In terms of net revenue on interest, there was an increase of 13.5% to 87.3 billion. In terms of performance in the 3q season, the net revenue on fees and commissions increased by 37.5% to 14.8 billion, and the net income on interest increased by a similar amount, slightly higher than the level of 2q2019.
Looking ahead: At the policy level, the current lpr improvement mechanism has been developed, bank asset asset-efficiency sensitivity is raised, and the regulatory level has led banks to lower real-economy financing costs, which will be reflected in the end-of-the-life returns. But in the current interest rate environment, banks are market-based and indebted.
In terms of asset quality, take into account the regulatory requirements for coverage coverage (downward transfer of red lines) and asset quality determination (higher recognition of overdue loans).
The quality of the assets will actually be more reliable, as indicated by the expected remuneration (expected return; er) as follows:
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd. and by the Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in this report. _Capitalgare #2ii Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai October 18th, 2019