China's ship manufacturing industry (600150.sh)/ship manufacturing “two ships” completed and performance is expected to increase continuously, taking into account the merger factor, adjusted by yoy+17.96 per cent, benefiting mainly from optimized corporate order structures and single ship level
• The global price of new ships remains high, prompting corporate profits to run at a higher rate than revenue, China ' s ships are adept at keeping pace with market dynamics, the multidimensionalness of the entire industry chain, and the upgrading of internationalized ship orders of 4.4547 million cgt (taking into account the consolidation factor) and new global orders of 3.264.09 million over the same period
According to cgt, the share was 13.65 per cent, compared to the full year 2024 (the former Chinese vessel + Chinese heavy-worker and the combined deal between Chinese ships and Chinese heavy-workers have landed).
China Ships: The Price of Ships + Increased Shares, The Book of Profit, declares that the entire merger is officially completed. With the completion of the deal, China ' s ship became the current global ship.
"A significant improvement in capacity" 2025-8-29. The largest and most well-functioning shipbuilding giant, which has helped Chinese ships capture the global landscape of shipbuilding.
Key opportunities for further development during the winding-up period. Outlook: At the tip of the wind, at the time of the wind break, 2025-5-8. China Ships: Performance on the Cashing-Up Period.
To New High 2025-4-30. US 301 Survey of China's Shipbuilding Industry.
How does the national ship-building industry affect?” 2025-4-8 China Ships: Merging China's Heavy Industry Trading Programme through Shareholders' Congress, looking at post-reorganization synergies
China Ships: Huge Boxes In the Wind, "Ship Out" Large Cycles" 2025-1-21. "Short Investment Strategy for the Ship Industry 2025:
Floating away without fear of light fog 205-1-10 caused fleet demand to decline; global prices for new ships to remain at historically high levels, which could lead to reduced willingness on the part of shipowners to buy ships; and new orders levels in the new shipbuilding market to be pulsed with short-term surges or decreases
It is possible that the prices are seen by some marketers as a forward-looking indicator of new shipbuilding orders, and that large fluctuations will have an impact on orders and market sentiment: the impact of the US-China 301 survey restrictions on China's shipbuilding industry is still unclear.
After adjustment, yoy+17.96%. The growth in revenue has largely benefited from the optimal upgrading of the company’s hand-held order structure, with +4.76% of the population delivering, and a record high level of revenue in the single quarter affected by the merger.
The boom in ship markets has contributed to corporate profitability. Net interest rates have been growing slowly since 2021. Corporate efficiency gains have been significant, and cost rates have been falling year by year since 2020.
Sustained mitigation efficiency efforts around the goal of lowering the cost-cost ratio from the 2020 2nd to the industry level: slowing the trend of shipbuilding orders and China's share maintaining the world's first shipbuilding market: slowing the trend of new shipbuilding orders globally in the context of the international environment
In 2025, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict broke out, and the Russian-Ukrainian armistice agreement was widely divided, together with the American influence, and there is still no clear point of time for the Russian-Ukrainian truce: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
After many rounds of truce and renewed fighting, the latest armistice agreement reached in January was virtually ineffective: in 33 months, the Houthi armed forces, in solidarity with Gaza, again launched attacks on Israeli merchant ships in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, etc., and the United States subsequently launched large-scale air strikes against the Houthi armed forces, which remained blocked; and 4 Trump officially took office in the United States.
There have been significant changes in tariffs and serious challenges to global trade since the country's President; in 51, the United States Trade Representative's Office issued a 301 survey of China's maritime, logistics and shipbuilding industry dominance, decided to take further steps and issued the latest restrictions in April; and in June, the United States began to raise port fees for Chinese ships, China.
The above events affected the global shipping and new ship-building markets in terms of volume of trade, cargo structure, distance from shipping, prices, etc. The shipowners are in a state of wait-and-see: the number of new orders fell and the number of hand-held orders remained high in the current cycle.
The Global New Ship Price Index, 2025q1-3, which is still relatively high, averaged 187.25 points, fell during the period, and the global New Ship Price Index, 2025q1-3, saw a significant decline in the number of new orders globally. The number of new orders placed in dwt was 7.794 million dwt.
Yoy-50.67 per cent; new orders in cgt amount to 326.4 million cgt, yoy-46.87 per cent; new orders in the global shipbuilding industry (modified gross tonnes) and hand-held orders in cgt are both high in the current cycle since 2021.
The global shipbuilding volume of 2025q1-3 is 7,195 million dwt, yoy+4.00 per cent; the conversion of 31.18 million cgt, yoy-2.64 per cent is far less volatile than new orders, reflecting a certain rigidity in global ship production.
Global shipbuilding completion in the shipbuilding industry (modified gross tons) Global shipbuilding completion in the shipbuilding industry (heavy tons) China ' s new shipbuilding market: a slight decrease in the number of new orders over the global level as a result of the 301 survey
2025q1-3, domestic orders for new ship construction amounting to 4,698 million dwt, yoy-60.81%; equivalent to 1,833,000 cgt, yoy-57.73%. Domestic new orders at dwt/cgt are 10.14 pct/10.86 pct higher than the global level, respectively, and we believe that it was the United States survey of 301 to China ' s shipbuilding industry.
2025q1-3, China ' s shipbuilding completion was 3,957,000 dwt, yoy+0.08 per cent; corresponding to 1,594,000 cgt, yoy-4.44 per cent. China ' s shipbuilding industry completed (modified gross tonnes)
2.2. Competition patterns: China ' s share in the shipbuilding industry remains the world ' s top 2.2.1, and the international pattern: China ' s share of the three main indicators of 2025q1-3 remains the highest, but the ratio of new connections to completion is partly due to the fact that some shipowners have made partial orders to circumvent the uncertainty of the US survey of the 301 Chinese shipbuilding industry
China's share in the world's first new ship order in terms of load tonnage, and China's share in the world's first new ship order in terms of total amended tonnage.
Domestic pattern: according to cgt, the domestic share of new orders for Chinese ships from 2025q1-3 is approximately 24.31%, and according to the incomplete statistics of clarksons, Chinese ships from 2025q1-3 (consolidated caliber) have obtained 4.4547 million cgt new orders. Global new orders for the same period were 32.6409 million cgt and domestic new orders for the same period.
For 18,327,600 cgt, the global share of China ' s ships was 13.65%, and the domestic share of China ' s ships was 24.31%. A combined deal between Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers landed.
After the completion of this merger, China’s heavy work has ceased to be listed and legal personality has been cancelled, and China’s ships have taken over and taken over all of China’s heavy labour, liabilities, operations, personnel, contracts, and all other rights and obligations.
China’s ship, as a depository company, is currently the largest and most well-functioning ship-building giant in the world, with the key opportunity and further development for Chinese ships to seize the global ship-building landscape. The risks of global trade friction.
Global trade friction, on the other hand, could lead to deep industrial restructuring, which would be negative for the long-range transport of some commodities if the trend of globalization was intensified and developed countries were seeking to return to manufacturing flows and re-industrialization. The Red Sea shipping route crisis was eased, and the drop in shipping distance led to a decline in fleet demand.
The Red Sea route crisis has led to a massive circumvention of merchant ships to the Cape of South Africa’s Good Hope, with a significant increase in the average distance from which they travel. If traffic in the Red Sea sea lanes is restored, it may reduce maritime demand; Global prices for new ships are maintained at historically high levels, which may reduce the willingness of shipowners to buy ships.
(b) The level of new orders in the new ship-building market is pulsed and there is a potential for short-term upswing or decline.
Our judgement on the ship-building cycle is based mainly on historical ship-building completion, essentially on smooth handling of new orders, thus failing to consider accurately the volatility of new orders;
The impact of the US-China 301 survey restrictions on the shipbuilding industry is still unclear.