It's beautiful in the rain.
Jan Jom has demonstrated the ability to move faster than industry, with company-wide sales of 2017-2018h1 increasing by the same amount, with a large number of new vehicles being put in, product lines refined and sales increasing faster than industry averages; and medium-higher.
(a) The share of vehicles in the pipeline, which grew by 9 per cent in 2017 on average, and by a combination of volume prices, which contributed to the growth of corporate performance;
A joint venture with an autonomous brand, with a full-blown red sea break-in. The upper-air crowd and the upper-air fleet are entering the powerful product cycle, with a joint-venture branding of more than 30 new cars in 2018-2019, which is expected to increase by about 10%; and an autonomous brand with an Internet car with a new design concept.
With the new vehicle, we believe that it will increase its sales in the next two years. The car finance business, blue sails, and production synergies contribute to performance growth.
We believe that growth will continue to be high in the future, with net profits on automobile finance expected to exceed $6 billion in 2020, contributing to the growth of corporate profits.1 Upper Steam Group (600104): joint ventures are fully owned
12 times the company; the absolute valuation of the dcf model is 40.2 yuan, combined relative valuation and flying, car finance added. 2018-09-032, Upper Gas Group (600104) December production and sales data points:
"The new steps in sales will continue to grow steadily next year."
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report Upper Steam Group (600104): Beautiful in the wind and rain.
The upper-car fleet is the largest whole enterprise in the country, with complete industrial chains, such as whole cars, parts and components development and manufacturing, automobile services, and automobile finance.
Automobile companies are mainly auto-car companies (Ronwee, Monsignor and others), auto-car companies (coupled companies, but producing auto-brand treasures, Mitsubishis) and auto-cars. The three major joint ventures have grown steadily over the last two years; and auto-car sales on auto-cars have increased faster, contributing to the major increase in corporate sales.
Figure 1: The upper-mortality group, mainly car companies and brands, and the upper-mortality group, under the umbrella of the upper-mortality group, has been running out of new cars, and sales in the first half of 2018 have increased by 10.88 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a 5.5 percentage point higher than the industry, with the city rate rising from 23.1 per cent.
Upgraded to 25%, reflecting the company’s leadership and competitiveness of its products. The three major joint-venture car factories, Volkswagen, Volkswagen General and Volkswagen, accounted for 89.65% of the upper-air conglomerates; while the autonomous subsidiary’s share of car sales was only 7.53%, it grew by more than 50% for the third year in a row.
The model is favored by the market, and future auto-car fleets will jointly drive corporate sales and industries with other joint ventures.
An analysis of the volume of joint ventures in the entire car factory reveals that the general rate of increase in the upper gas is higher than the average rate of growth in the industry, and the reverse is true for the upper five-thin. We believe that the following reasons are relevant:
On average, 5-7 new cars are introduced each year, with new products contributing significantly to the growth of both;
But we believe that, with the new sales of 530 and 360 bounties on the market, there will be a further improvement in the sales of Mitsubishi in 2018, which is expected to increase by 5% to the industry average.
Uplifting cars have risen, contributing to major group increases. After years of technological accumulation and market openings, auto-cars on autonomous plates have performed well, with sales of 2017-2018h1 increasing by 62 per cent and 54 per cent, respectively, and the market share has contributed 78 per cent and 73 per cent, respectively, to the growth of group sales.
We believe that the image of the upper-air vehicle brand has been recognized by the market, that the product value is high, that the design is in line with the new generation of young consumer groups, and that the company's ever-growing Internet cars are expected to maintain sales over the next three years.
In the face of the pressure to reduce the pace of growth in the industry, the upper-mortality group ensures performance growth through two development routes: Increasing the development of new products, constantly introducing new vehicles, providing consumers with more options and maintaining a higher rate of increase in sales; Upwarding the structure of products, increasing the proportion of medium-end vehicles, and higher-priced car-type profits that make companies more resilient.
In recent years, new cars have been placed in the upper class, and joint ventures and autonomous brands have been in a strong product cycle. According to incomplete statistics, the upper group has increased its share of high- and medium-end vehicles in 2018-2019, and its performance has been high.
But in 2017, the overall vehicle collection was 9.6 percentage points higher than the sales, mainly because of the high- and middle-grade vehicle-led performance, the financial boom in the East, the upper gas group (600104): beauty in the storm.
The market for high-end vehicles such as joint venture brands such as Touré, Travell, Gl8 and Cadillac led to a 12.1 per cent, 12.4 per cent and 6.4 per cent increase in general revenue in 2017, as well as an increase in sales of 9 and 6.4 percentage points; and the sale of autonomous brands such as i6, rx3, rx5 and mgzs in 2017.
The increase in revenue over the same year was 120 per cent, much higher than the 62 per cent increase in sales.
1.3 Future directions: New quadruple and auto finance The financial and intellectual growth of the East
The new strategy of sharing, internationalizing” is accompanied by a vigorous development of automobile finance and other businesses, from traditional car manufacturers to integrated enterprise development that provides mobile mobility services and products. Development of a new four-way industry revolution.
The German era, Alibaba, Wah and China Mobile have cooperated in the fields of electric motorization, network connectivity, and intelligent driving. Corporations have increased their R & D investment in the above-mentioned areas and are at the forefront of the industry.
The core technology of machines and electrical controls has laid the foundation for the continuous roll-out of new, core competitive energy vehicles by autonomous brands. The zebra company was set up with Ali Baba to develop the Internet car system, and in 2016, the first Internet car, Eunweirx5, was launched to become a blackout.
All upgrades will be made to provide differentiated services to clients, and future Internet car penetration will increase further. The creation of an artificial intelligence laboratory to promote the development of a smart driving platform, to move technology to innovative applications, and the launch of the "last one kilometre" autonomous parking function of Emervelx will be officially marketed in the second half of the year, becoming China’s first-ever.
The creation of the country’s largest new-energy vehicle fleet, the Global Car System, which uses the company’s superior resources to place part of the new-energy vehicles in a shared market, while actively expanding the shared-car market, will also increase.
The company is targeting the South-East Asian market, where factories in Thailand and Indonesia are already in production. In 2017, the company was able to export and sell 170,000 vehicles abroad, an increase of 31.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
First in the country, we believe that with the slowdown in the domestic market, the company’s offshore sales are expected to increase significantly as overseas factories become operational, further contributing to the growth of the company’s sales. The automobile finance business has become a net profit increase for the company.
In 2017, the country’s car lending penetration rate was only about 38 per cent, compared to the developed countries.
The upper-mortality group, which relies on its own powerful marketing channels to finance automobiles, achieved $12.7 billion in 2017, more than $9.8 billion in Maori, and a net profit of $3.92 billion. We believe that as the penetration rate of car consumption loans increases in the future, cars will become more visible.
Financial operations can continue to grow rapidly and become net profits for companies. At the same time, corporate automobile finance operations, with easy services such as fast lending, one-stop purchases, and so on, can also contribute to the growth of sales, with synergies between the two.
2.1 The public will benefit from the new product cycle, leading domestic automobile companies for three years in a row, and the champions of car sales. In the 30 years of popular cars entering China, the consumer is pleased with advanced technology and production processes, low failure rates, simple design, and so forth.
For the third year in a row since 2015, sales have remained steady, accounting for about 8.5% of the city, becoming the leading business in the car market. Products are competitive and growing faster than industry averages.
The reasons for this analysis are twofold: as can be seen from the relationship between the market for new cars and the volume of sales, only partial changes in the number of motorists in 2015-2016 are available, there are no marketable new models, and there is no significant increase in sales.
* The domestic suv market was hot in 2013-2016, but the public was only able to see the way, and the missing product of the suv could not grow significantly in terms of sales. The market for the new car is open after the new product cycle.
In January and July of this year, Leon and Kodyak climbed through the slopes and became the sub-division of the car, superimposed on the recently marketed Ranjuplus, Kojunk and Kermik, with a corresponding increase of 6.4 per cent in sales in January and July of the year, and went to the Voltage Public Plan.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 11: Relationship between the market and the volume of new cars for the public (vehicles) Figure 12: Suv sales and speed of increase (millions)
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the upper steam group (600104): beauty in the rain, 2.1.1 perfecting the suv spectra, etc.
There are two major brands under the popular flag: the general public and Scota, where the popular brands sell 12 cars, Scota sells 8 cars, but with a smaller share of suv.
We noticed that the suv that had been on the market before 2017 had only a sense of purpose and was seriously missing compared to other brands; that the suv model had been actively deployed since 2017, and that the last six new cars on the market had 5 suvs, including the public.
The brands: kodiag, karag, and kamig. Suv only accounted for 12 to 14% of sales until 2017, and suv sales rose to 21% in 17 years, and tight-looking + medium-way l parallel sales made good results.
The brand suv boom, with a combined growth rate of 22.7 per cent in 2010-2016, was marketed in 2017l in parallel with the old route, and after climbing the slope, monthly sales stabilized at around 21,000, while monthly sales of the old route dropped to around 6,500.
Toon's success has enriched the crowd's style of cars, adding value to its brand, and laying the groundwork for the subsequent listing of more luxury cars.
Scordasuv's full-line layout. Scorda brands have been listed since 2017 in three suvs, Kodiac (medium), Kojik (close) and Kermick (close), with clear positioning and no overlap of prices and avoidance of internal competition. Kodiac sales are currently stable at around 5,000 vehicles, while Kojuk and Kermik have just been listed and sold on a monthly basis.
2200-2300 vehicles. Kermick has a higher value than other joint ventures, which cost 130.9 million cars, which is similar to the discounted cost of the cr-v ALV, but Kermick has practical features such as reverse imagery, fast-tracking, engine shutdown, electric skylights, gps navigation, cellular connectivity, etc.
The price of the gram is high and its price is even recombinant with some autonomous brands, with an expected sales volume of 6,000 to figure 13: Top Mass Suv sales and share (millions) of the Eastern financial boom.
Upwind group (600104): Beautiful in the rain, the crowd will continue to roll out multiple suvs, further improving the suv series.
It's a compact suv, and it's going to take on the old market. With the potential to blow, it's expected to sell more than a month after the market.
In June-July, sales of suv fell by 0.52%, 4.3%, and in January-July, the cumulative sales increased by 6.1%, far less than the double-digit increase in previous years. But we believe that the strategy of suv will not be affected, for the following reasons:
The lack of access to the main market, which led to the low-cost model of the previous suv market, which used to be primarily an autonomous brand: 6.4 per cent, 10.8 per cent and 16.3 per cent, respectively, of the compact, medium and large suv in January-July 2018, and 1.8 per cent in July, compared with 8.8 per cent for the more than 150,000, indicates a reduction in the overall consumption escalation environment.
Costers are increasingly choosing medium- and high-end models. The upper mass is mostly medium-sized and large, usually at a price of more than $150,000, and is in the most popular area of the current suv market: the missing product of the upper mass mass product, with the car as the main product group, can win the sales championship.
As a result, the product will become the preferred choice for faithful users. In summary, the current product includes compacts, mediums, and larges. Prices vary from 100,000 to 500,000. In 2018-2019, more suv. Further development of the suv product series will take place.
2.1.2 The main vehicles will be replaced by the main vehicles, including Ranjang, Santana, Pasart, Visibility/Vision I, Polo, Visibility and Rouang.
In total, they accounted for more than 85 per cent of sales, some of which were already in the late stages of the product cycle, with sales declining, such as Pasadet, Polo and Mingqiang, among others.
According to the new car plan, most of the main vehicles will be upgraded in 2018-2019, and the new ones will be marketed to some extent to increase their sales.
After listing, in 2017, the two were sold in parallel, amounting to 330,000. We believe that, as the main-power vehicle model evolves, the public can guarantee a steady increase in sales of products, folding new products such as suv, and so on, the volume of sales will continue to grow at a high rate in the next two years.
After the new car, it usually takes some June to climb the slope to achieve a steady monthly sale. Thus, in calculating the volume of new vehicles, the first six months are selected for linear growth, and six months later for stable monthly sales.
New cars on the market in the first half of 2018 will make a significant contribution to the growth of corporate sales and performance, and new models in the second half of the year will lead to a significant increase in sales and performance in 19 years.
The upper gas group (600104): Beautiful in the storm, based on the new car plan 2018-2019, estimates the volume of sales to the upper gas population over the next three years.
The three major brands under the flag of the upper ones: Buick, Chevyland and Cadillac, are selling more than 20 cars, and sales are growing faster.
There is a steady upward trend. In the first half of 2018, 957,000 vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent over the previous year, which was 7.2 percentage points higher than in the passenger industry, with the three major brands of Bek, Chevran and Cadillac growing by 6.36 per cent, 40.45 per cent and 38.5 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
The high growth in sales in 2018 was due mainly to the fact that in 2017, a large number of new vehicles were placed on the market: the brand name of JBK had a brand-new King, a brand-new Gl8, a brand-new Gl6, a page and a velite5, of which an average of 13,000 were sold in August.
One vehicle, all of which is in bulk, has contributed significantly to the growth in the general sales of the upper steam: Jed Cadillac has introduced over 5,000 new xxts and ats-l monthly sales and nearly 7,000 in May. We believe that while the Buick brand is in a product slot and sales have fallen, the upper gas is in Chevyland and Caddy.
With new cars like New Kaidal and xt4 in the second half of the year, sales are expected to remain at 8-10% throughout the year. In 2019, GVA will launch more than 9 new cars into the product year.
2.2.2 Buick's product cycle is growing year after year, leading to a drop in sales due to classic vehicle models or shutdowns or ageing. Buick sales have remained at 8% since 2010.
The above increases, from 53 per cent to 61 per cent in 16 years, of the sales of the upper gas, and the best-selling models, such as Gunway, England, Kaidal, Verang, and Ankowee. The sales of the 2017-2018h1 bek have fallen to varying degrees, and the 2016h2 stoppage, the Ancora platform and design have grown older, leading to a similar decline in the sales of the same brand in 2017.
A 6.35 per cent drop in sales ~2018h1bk, mainly due to a decline in sales in England and Ancora. The British, as Buick's most moving vehicle, sold about 40,000 vehicles per month, but in 2018, cancelled 1.5l, and New England used 1.0t and 1.3t of the three-cylinder machines, resulting in a 42 per cent decline in 2018h1 on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 18: Buick sales and speed increases (millions) Figure 19: Buick-type sales (vehicles) Increase in the proportion of medium-to-high-end vehicles and 8.6 per cent increase in the average vehicle price per vehicle
The business image of the past, on the one hand, raises average product prices and brand premiums. Although Buick brand sales fell by 0.5% in 17 years, the sales of high-end vehicles increased from 45% in 2016 to 52%, and the average vehicle price increased from $175,000 to $1.90 million, up to 8.6%, demonstrating the effectiveness of product structure shifts and brand-up changes.
Buick is about to enter a strong product cycle, and sales are expected to recover.
New cars on the market in 2019: a suv, a whole new Ancora, and a pure electric sedan. We believe that Buick’s annual sales exceed 1.2 million, and that a one-time drop in sales is a normal feature of the branding process, and that sales are expected to resume with the future new car market.
2.2.3 Cadillacs are more valuable than making a second-line luxury brand, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the upper steam group (600104): beauty in the wind and rain.
Cadillac's growth has been high in recent years, and is now at the top of the second-line luxury brand. For the last three years, the rate of growth has been more than 40%, rising from 4.5% in 2015 to 11.7% in 2018h1, and contributing significantly to the growth of the upper gas, and we believe that Cadillac's future, based on high value ratios and the constant introduction of new cars.
The main reasons why Cadillac sales have continued to grow at a high rate in 3-5 years are the following:
(a) The Cadillac configuration is a half-grade higher than the same price; it is a finer job and has a higher value for money;
From the east, the financial and intellectual sources of the capital group (600104): The beauty of the storm. New cars were introduced in 2018-2019 to strengthen the product array.
xts, ats-l, ct6 and xt5, covering class B, class C, class D limo, and class B suv, respectively, but there are still gaps in class A compact luxury suv and large suv models. 18 years will see the launch of a new compact suvxt4, which will become the Cadillac growth point for 2018-2019;
After three new cars in the year will further enrich the company's product lines, we believe that the 2019-2020 Chevy Trail rebound will be launched with a multi-suv Chevy brand down 15-16 years after 17 years with the roll-out of the Cowards, explorers, etc.
The year-on-year sales grew by 11.76 per cent. 18h1 sales rose by 38.5 per cent, mainly from Soio, Mairebo, Kovodz and explorers, and four cars grew by 51 per cent, 44 per cent, 55 per cent and 110 per cent, respectively. This also shows the significant impact of the best-selling of new cars on the company or brand sales.
Figure 24: Chevy brand sales and acceleration (millions)
Upper Steam Group (600104): Beautiful in the storm, Chevy suv is relatively low and is expected to increase in 19 years. Chevy now sells only two pieces of suv and Coop, 18h1 sales amounted to 12.38%. Of this, Cricket is in the late part of the product cycle, the first half of the year.
For the next two years, the Chevy brand will launch a large number of new cars, with a larger number of suvs. For 18 years, Volando will be launched, and a mpv will be placed on the market;
Two suvs will be launched in 19 years, focusing on listing in q2-q3 and one sedans in a class;
The roll-out of three new cars will lead to a significant increase in the sales of the Chevy brand, and the share of the sales of the suv is also expected to get five or nine new cars in the three major brands, 18-19, and 19-year-olds. We have sorted out the models for the upcoming market and projected sales.
Easter financial and intellectual sources are expected to sell their cars at a rate of 2.18 million, 2.32 million and 2.5 million respectively between 2018 and 2020, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year.
3.1 The year has been turned around when the competitiveness of the product has been upgraded to a front-line autonomous brand. The engine model of the car crashes and enters a fast-growing period, with sales of 2016-2018h1 increasing by 89 per cent, 62 per cent and 54 per cent, with the city rising from 0.81 per cent to 2.86 per cent, joining the front-line autonomous brand.
An analysis of the relationship between new vehicles and sales shows that in 2016 the Rx5 market quickly became the model of a blast car, with sales of 234,000 vehicles, or 45 per cent, for the entire year 2017, and the successive roll-out of Emeritus I6 and Mgzs months in 2017, with sales of more than 7,000 and 8,000, respectively.
In April 2018, the big suv Eunweirx8 was listed, and the pure electric suvmarvelx was officially released.
The year-on-year suv-hs will be on the market, and we believe that rx8 and gisths are expected to be in the middle of a boom, while marvel x, because of its high price, is not expected to sell more than 5,000 vehicles per month. In the last two years, the engine-cars have been running in consecutive fashion, and sales have risen dramatically, and branding has gradually increased.
The reason why the car is recognized by the consumer is that it's a new idea, a higher product value. It's a new design concept, a new design concept, a new design concept, a new one, a new one, a new one.
The first Internet car Rx5 was launched in collaboration with Alibaba, and its functions covered a dozen areas such as remote-phone end control, repair and maintenance, violation, refuelling, news, catering, and self-driving. New cars are currently on the market, mostly with zebra systems, and products compete.
On hardware, the same price allocation is higher; on software, the new cars are largely embedded in the most advanced Internet zebra systems in the country, and support the upgrading of the ota and competitiveness.
We believe that uplifters will continue to grow at a high rate in the next three to five years, and that one million will be sold by 2019.3.2 Optimizing marketing channels in three or four-line cities, with a shrinking market for two-line urban cars and strong demand for small cities and rural areas. First-line cities are subject to market-saturation and purchase-restrictive policies.
The impact is a downward trend in the demand for cars; some second-line cities have also begun to restrict their access due to problems such as road congestion, and the city will be saturated, and we believe that the future consumption of Chinese automobiles will be concentrated on three or four lines of urban and rural areas.
Figure 31: The distribution of suv sales by region optimizes the distribution channels, with a three-to-four-line layout. The upper-air vehicle is used to locate high-end brands in car glory and title, thus creating more distribution channels in first-line and second-line cities. The share of second-line city distributors is up to 46%, with other autonomous brands.
In order to meet the needs of urban and rural car consumers on the three-to-four-line line, cars are optimizing the distribution channels, and the new distribution points of the distributors are down to the three-to-four-line city. We believe that up-to-date cars are willing to respond to changes in market demand and to adjust distribution in a timely manner, which will facilitate their distribution in three.
The four-line city is known and sold.
Faced with the trend of new energy vehicles, the upper-gas group has acquired the core technologies of new-energy motor batteries, power drives, and power control through autonomous research and development, or by complementing the advantages of the tri-power sector. The upper-gas and the Ninder era formed a joint venture: the upper-gas age and the upper-era gas, mainly in power cells and systems.
Development, production, and marketing, expected to start in early 2019; In the area of electric power drive and power control, research and development is mainly carried out under the corporate flag of joint electronics, China area electric power, and Washington area Magnus. On this basis, the use of motor vehicles on autonomous brands has increased the development of new energy vehicles, which were launched in 2017.
In the zebra system, the new energy vehicle type of the Internet: Eunweierx5, erx5, ei6. The connection between the Internet and the new energy source makes it possible to sell 58,000 new energy vehicles in the current year, an increase of 189.6 per cent in the same year, and 6,450,000 new energy vehicles in the first half of the year, i5 and mg6 were marketed in the first half of 2018.
The city ' s share rose from 6.3 per cent in 2016 to 15.2 per cent in 2018, with the first marvelx carrying the smart driving system, and we believe that after years of autonomous research and development and technological accumulation, the new energy + smart network cars launched by the car have been marketed and will become a new engine for growth in sales.
We believe that Mghs, rx8, which is expected to be a blast, is likely to be the first to be the first to come.
It is not expected that sales will be too high because of the price problem. 4. Up-and-up-to-the-cissor strategy is almost complete.
Among them, the Treasure brand produces cars, while the Mitsubishi brand is dominated by micro-cars and mpvs. The business transfer strategy, starting with the commercial car, has been largely completed, with the narrow car ratio increasing from 6.85% in 2010, and the narrow car sales increasing faster.
The growth rate of 2018h1 was 6.22% on the same date, while cross-car sales fell by 27.36% on the same date, in line with the trend towards the gradual exit of cross-cars from the market. The focus of the future development of Mitsubishi will be on the Bozo brand.
Figure 35: Upward sales of Mitsubishi by car (millions)
It's been transferred from the Mitsubishi brand to the Boone brand, and it's closed for about 8,000 in 730. Bo 310, 510 on the market, 560 and 730 have been sold as BP brands, of which BM 310 has been sold to the car, and BM 510 has only been sold in Suv.
After Hafh6:18, the sales of 530 and 360 in the first two months of the market are expected to be more than 10 million, and the sales of these four new-generation vehicles will be more than 90%. We believe that in recent years, Mitsubishi has been rejuvenated, the product has been transformed and ready to go.
The rate of increase in sales has slowed slightly. But, in terms of product combinations and iterative strategies, the up-scaling of Mitsubishi products has been adjusted earlier and faster, gradually developing and enriching the product spectrum of Treasure brands, fast-motivator strategies, and constantly rolling out cars, mpv, and sharing the product lines with suv. We think it's 18 years since the new car was released.
The growth in sales is expected to increase. East’s financial and intellectual booms. New cars on the market in 2018, mainly 530 and 360, will be on the market in 2019, 760. We're on the top five.
In recent years, the upper gas group has made significant efforts to develop automobile finance, including personal auto finance, corporate finance, equity investment and insurance sales, with the bulk of the automobile lending operations in general-purpose automobile finance and upper-air finance.
There is still room for the car market. Since 2009, we have had the world ' s highest number of cars, with 2018h1 sold, reaching 1.466 million vehicles, an increase of 5.6 per cent over the previous year, with an estimated annual volume of more than 30 million vehicles. Meanwhile, in 2017, we had 156 cars at the end of the year, a low level compared to developed countries, and our vehicle market was still relatively low.
Car credit penetration has increased, and the market is expected to reach 2 trillion in 2020. Domestic car credit penetration in 2016 was 38.9%. According to our statistics, automobile finance companies, banks and finance leasing companies were the source of financial prosperity in the East in 2017.
The upper-mortality group (600104): The number of beautiful vehicles in the storm calculates that the domestic credit penetration rate was about 41% in 2017. There is still much room for improvement compared to developed countries like the US. With 80 and 90 years of becoming the main car-consuming force, automobile finance is expected to accelerate.
5.2 Automobile finance companies will become the mainstream market power Domestic auto finance continues to grow at a high rate, mainly because of the rapid growth in China's car consumption market, the gradual change in consumption perceptions and the State's policy support for the auto finance sector.
The main players are commercial banks, auto finance companies, finance leasing companies, Internet companies, etc., with banks accounting for 41% of the market share and auto finance companies accounting for 28%, and we believe that automobile finance companies will become mainstream players in the future.
The conditions for bond issuance, the simplification of the securitization of assets, the encouragement of auto-finance companies to enter into inter-bank markets, the liberalization of financial institutions to provide full-calibre cross-border financing throughout the country, and so forth. This has led to the elimination of the biggest obstacles to the development of auto-finance companies and to a narrowing of the gap between banks' financial resources.
The financial and intellectual sources of the East (60104): The beauty of the wind and the natural advantages of automobile finance companies.
Financial companies have the following advantages: flexibilities in products, service professions, significant advantages in the proportion of down payment, repayment periods, advantages in some branded cars, low operating costs of expansion. 24 of the country’s 25 auto finance companies now have a full-scale garage.
The bank and finance leasing company lends for a long period of time, and the car finance company can normally complete the loan within 24 hours.
One-stop service for distributors, and easy access to cars and loans. It is precisely because of these advantages that we believe that future auto finance companies will be the main players in the area of automobile credit, especially those that benefit from a large-scale car-shop.
5.3 The new impetus for the growth of profit from the production of wind and gas co-opts The upper-car finance companies and the upper-air finance companies are dominated by the upper-car finance companies, which cover a number of brands, while the upper-air finance mainly provides services for the common and upper-air Mitsubishi model.
By the end of 2017, it had covered 2609 dealers in 406 cities throughout the country, distributed 930,000 full-time retail loans throughout the year, an increase of 23 per cent over the same year, with a loan balance of $101.7 billion, an increase of 55 per cent over the same period.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom is the Stewardship Group (600104): beauty in the storm combined with a balance of more than 200 billion and leading in the automobile financial market.
Automobile finance continues to grow at a high rate. By virtue of its own channel advantage, financial advantage, the upper-mortality group has been able to expand its automobile finance business, which has grown from 2.4 billion in 2013 to a boom in Eastern financial intelligence as the volume of corporate sales has increased and the financial penetration of automobiles has increased.
Māori has risen steadily, and the net profit is expected to rise by 6 billion in 2020. The Māori rate in automobile finance has remained stable at billions of yuan in recent years, and we believe that the net profit in automobile finance is expected to exceed 6 billion yuan in 2020.
In 2017, the company sold 6.93 million vehicles, and, as a result of the high-volume, high-voltaic, high-yielding cycle, the auto-car fleet will continue to grow by more than 30 per cent over the next three to five years, depending on the company's new vehicle spare parts business: the auto-group component business is dominated by Chinese cars, with about 55 per cent of its revenues coming from the upper-voltage group.
Accompaniment to the entire garage, which is more relevant to the sales of the upper car. We believe that, as the upper gas group increases its sales over the next two years, it will be a significant boost to the performance of the spare parts company, which is expected to run the spare parts business camp from 2018 to 2020 Automobile finance business: 12.26 billion yuan in 17 years for the plate, and automobile finance as consumers rejuvenate.
Other business: the company's other business consists mainly of trade earnings, labour and others, as a proportion of the company's overall revenue; the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom; relative valuation: the company's valuation is at a relatively low level within the industry. We have selected five passenger platesa
The upper-air group valuation level was below the sample average, the company had a leading advantage and performance growth using a 10-year rate of 3.5 per cent return on public debt, 3.4 per cent interest rate payable on bonds, and a Beta value of 0.97, while the company wacc believed that the company ' s profitability would increase significantly over the next two years, mainly because of the following two factors:
(b) The high net interest rate on automobile finance, which has contributed significantly to the net profit growth of the group, is expected to be achieved by 2020.
The net profit will be over $6 billion, which will significantly boost corporate performance.
New car sales are not as high as expected; the automotive industry is not as good as expected, and price wars have led to lower profits; and policies have had a negative impact on the volume of automobile sales.
Steam group (600104): The beauty of the storm, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Yang Raki.
Chief of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and a brief description of the weekly research assistant's research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.