General Automated Industry Leads, with significant core spending South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) now returns to mother net profit of $1,563 million, an increase of 101.81 per cent over the same period; net profit from deductions from parent return of $1,523 million
In 2021, H1 General Automotive Operations received $4.394 billion, an increase of 88 per cent over the previous year, and there was a steady increase in demand in the automated industrial markets, resulting in a steady increase in the scale of operations. A breakdown of the operations shows that in 2021, H1 was replaced by a frequency changer, server system, plc, etc.
In the future, corporate branding and technological advantages are expected to lead to a sustained increase in the company’s market share. Elevator power packages are mature and cable operations are expanding successfully. In 2021, h1, the company’s elevators were expanded.
Accompanied operations generated 2,415 million yuan, a 30 per cent increase in the same year, maintaining a higher rate of growth. The elevator department, benefiting from a strong rebound in demand in the downstream electricity sector, experienced faster growth in revenues, especially in large packages, at a rate of more than 90 per cent.
The order is full, and the new energy business is expected to continue to grow. In 2021, h1, the company ' s new energy automobile business was raised by $908 million, a 176% increase, and the business was released in significant quantities.
In addition, the company's electrical, electrical, power-driven products have acquired multiple car brandings, have worked in depth with strategic collaborators on multiple new platforms, have largely completed the first half of the year's targeted work, and the company's position in the new energy-borne vehicle market has continued to improve.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. We have selected five comparable companies in the industry, with an average growth rate of 41.67 per cent expected over the next three years in net profit combinations for the period 2021-2023.
The risk of cost increases; the risk of new-energy car industry policy adjustments and increased competition; and the business risks associated with falling demand in the elevator industry as a result of regulation in the real estate market.
The company was founded in 2003 as Shenzhen Segawa Technologies Ltd., and completed the re-engineering of its shareholding system in 2008. It was listed on the business board in September 2010.
The Division has developed integrated products and solutions from a single supplier of transformers, mastering core platform technologies such as high-performance vectors, plc technology, server technology, and electromagnetic synchronisers. To date, companies have developed stronger advantages in a number of areas: in industrial automation products, they have become the largest medium- and low-pressure transformers and servers in the country.
Systems suppliers: In the elevator industry, the company has become the leading provider of an integrated elevator controller in the industry: in the area of new energy vehicles, the company has become the lead company in the country’s new energy motor control system, covering a wide range of areas and a wide variety of products. The company focuses on automation, digitization, intelligence, specialization in industry.
Large-scale, 36 series of products, the main operations of which include general automation operations, major elevator electrical appliance operations, new-energy motors, etc., are widely applied to industries in the industrial field.