Mid 2021: High demand for industrial controls, accelerated replacement, 24/08/2021: High number of tram orders, asp up
The profits are 1,563 million yuan, or 10181% more. Income is higher than the median performance forecast of 8,132 million yuan, high demand for advanced manufacturing is higher + export demand is better, while import substitution is still ongoing, and the “uptake down” of the Sinkuan continues to rise and operate with a strong alpha. The demand for industrial control this year is still high, at 2021q1/q2.
In the second half of the year, the demand for industrial controls remained high, and the advanced manufacturing industries, such as lithium electricity, continued to have structural growth opportunities in the following year. At the same time, import substitution continued to accelerate, with a similar 88% increase in the 2021h1 SWI, with a doubling of the demand for services, a high frequency and a higher plc, which we expect to increase year-on-year.
The impact has been weak, more evidence of growth in advanced manufacturing, and more long-term import substitution space  The new power clients continued to spend + new customer projects continued to target +asp up in 2021, the company’s new energy automobile business has been significantly reduced this year and is expected to make a profit next year.
P7 sales amounted to 301/308, corresponding to +217 per cent/+459 per cent, while the expansion of “multiple” products led to an upscaling of the rest of the world, with in-house vehicles breaking new fixed points in projects such as BM, Wall, etc., and a few liners outside the sea. We expect more than double the size of the plate, with new energy in 2021.
Revenues from vehicle operations can reach $2.5 billion +, profit margins are significantly reduced, profits are expected to start in 2022, elevators are expected to grow by 2021h1 and 30%, and the synergies are further demonstrated by the Sinkkawa+bst. Revenues are $1.49 billion, or +19%.
The year and a half performance forecast: the share of sales in industrial controls, especially in large packages, increased by more than 90%. However, the shortage of chips abroad, automation and the demand for new energy vehicles are high.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Since the three major operations of the company 2021h1 are largely in line with our expectations, the annual report is rated as having two rounds of control, control and electricity, with revenue exceeding the median performance forecast of $8.132 billion and meeting market expectations; the net profit of the parent is slightly lower than the forecast.
1.63 billion yuan, mainly 1) increase in employee remuneration costs, especially incentive payments; 2) increase in maintenance costs for the new energy automobile business (recent changes in calculation) and overall performance in line with market expectations. 2021q2 Māori rate has declined slightly, but the core product Māori rate has stabilized, and there is some basis for serving and bst products
Since then there has been a limited impact on the profitability of the main, chip price increase as a whole, with core product variants/control technology products ranging from 46.3% to 53.5%, respectively -1.1 pct/+0.1 pct, which has remained largely stable; sports control Māori has decreased by 2.9 pct to 46.7%, mainly as a result of large price increases affecting the cost of the servator; bst products are subject to raw materials.
The impact of the increase in prices is greater, with the Māori rate rising faster than the previous ratio of 5.4 to 20.8 per cent, with costs rising less rapidly than the higher demand for advanced manufacturing and better demand for exports. The demand for industrial controls this year remains high, with a sustained acceleration in the replacement of the 2021q1/q2 sector, and a continuous upturn in the “ups and downs” of the sinks, particularly in the advanced manufacturing sector, reflecting a strong level of competitiveness.
Superbly operating alpha; 2021q2 SWICO revenue increased by 74%, 2021h1 and 88%, and we expect demand to remain high, with structural growth opportunities in the advanced manufacturing sector in the years to come. The industry has been on the recovery track since the 2020 epidemic; and in 2021, on the one hand, it was advanced in the manufacture of lithium, photovoltaic, electron 3c, semiconductor, logistics, machinery.
Capital spending in advanced manufacturing industries, such as beds, has grown at a high rate; on the other hand, export performance is expected to result in a rapid increase in demand for textiles, printed packaging, etc. Market sales of the 2021q1/q2oem type have increased at a similar rate of 53.4 per cent/28.1 per cent, industry demand has continued to improve, and industry sales are expected to increase by more than 10 per cent over the year.
Sub-products, driven by advanced manufacturing demand, 2021q2 servo/float/small-scale plc sales are increasing at different speeds. Sinkkawa's “up top sink” continues to raise the share of sales, in advanced manufacturing areas such as lithium, silicon crystals, 3c, logistics.
The company is active in marketing, import substitution, and bastion customers, and its share of sales has increased rapidly this year against a backdrop of high demand in the industry, with a downstream view: 1) advanced production of lithium, silicone crystals, 3c, etc.
(b) Distribution of textile, printing, lifting, air-pressure machines, machine-beds, air-conditioning refrigeration, plastics, metal products, etc., in the traditional sector;
In sub-products, 2021h1 operations (with electrical fluids, textiles, visual ddr/ddl) generated $4.39 billion, or +88 per cent, of which 2,021q2 received $2.49 billion, which was less affected by the traditional manufacturing cycle than by the significantly optimized downstream structure of 2020-2021.
This year, the industrial structure of companies was significantly improved in 2020-2021, and the combined share of the advanced manufacturing (lithium, photovoltaic, wind, cellular, touch screen, logistics, etc.) industries was more than half a share, which is why the demand for good and the share of sales in these industries has increased significantly.
In terms of timing, the industrial-controlled track is wide enough (about 90 billion yuan in 2020, just apart from the manufacturing market space, and more than double the number of industrial robots, consolidating the status of the domestic scara, and developing six joints, etc., billions of dollars, +92% of the year.
In the first half of the year, growth more than doubled, continuing to consolidate its advantages; while products have been added to medium-load six, large-load scara, and high-speed scara, and a new programming platform, innorobotlab, has been launched. Industrial robots are an important complement to the overall solution for the automation of the sinks industry, and are expected to continue to grow at a faster pace.
In the case of new energy vehicles, large customers such as Ideas, Pelicans, and also the asp uplifting drive plate doubles to the ideal one, Plum 7 and so forth, selling 30.1 million vehicles and 30.8 million vehicles, corresponding to +217 per cent, +459 per cent and 127,000 units in January-July 2021, respectively.
Data show that 2021h1sujia products are loaded with 12,400 units and 10 million units per month in July, with a rapid upward trend in penetration. At the income end, 2001h1 electric vehicle operations in the Hong Kong SAR generated $910 million, or +176 per cent, of which q2 earned $560 million, or +135 per cent.
In the area of guaranteed delivery, with significant growth in orders for 2021h1, chip shortages and rising commodity prices under pressure from the public sector, delivery capacity is being upgraded to meet clients’ needs in a number of ways. Clients have broken through, client ladders have become clear, share of future sales is on the increase, and we are expecting it to be on the rise.
This year, we expect to see a significant reduction in our performance and long-term space. For the new forces, Hong Kong is the sole source of the ideal, small peng, Weimar, etc., and the follow-up product is expected to expand to three-and-a-half solutions: domestic vehicles are now breaking new ground in projects such as the Great Wall, the Great Wall, Chirry, and the first.
At a fixed point, we expect a gradual increase to begin in 2022; there are now several front-line companies abroad that can generate $2.5 billion in revenue this year, possibly with a small loss due to the continued increase in cost inputs this year; and a large margin of profit and long-term performance from now on.
+19%. In the context of the Hong Kong +bst integration, companies continue to raise the share of sales by multinational enterprises, overseas enterprises, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), especially large business packages that have increased by more than 90%, reflecting a better integration effect. But the shortage of chips, high prices of bulk commodities outside the country have put some pressure on electrical and door operations, leading to income growth.
On the whole, we expect the elevator operation to have a year-on-year income of more than 15% and a profit of 2021h1 with a higher salary and incentive cost, but at a slower rate than income and a lower rate of cost. The company ' s 2021h1 fee is an increase of 31.64 to 1.53 billion yuan, with a 5.84 percentage reduction over the period.
Small fluctuations in cash flows and increases in receivables, advance receipts, and inventories. Net cash flows from operating activities 2021h1. Prospective earnings and investment proposals: Since the three major businesses of company 2021h1 are largely in line with our expectations, we maintain net profit returns from the company for 2021-2023 at $3.58 billion/$48.1 billion/$643 million, respectively (taking into account equity incentive costs).
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board