Q2 adjusts the pace of growth, the tax burden drags the profit performance q2 takes the initiative to adjust the performance of the firm, and the feature continues to grow faster. 2024q2 company alcohol revenues grew by 16.0 per cent compared to the rate of 16.0 per cent, alcohol rings slowed down, mainly due to external pressure, and companies took the initiative.
By the end of August, the company stock level is expected to decline by about double digits. In terms of product, H1 achieves a double-digit increase in revenue of $1521.163 billion for high-end alcohol/other alcohol, and the height of the cellar is slightly faster than that of the low-level cellar, 60 editions of the special plan.
In the region, growth was relatively balanced, with the core regions of North-West and South-West growing the most.
Well-digging plans to tap deep into the potential for single-point and network upgrades in the Northwest and South China North Base Market, where low-level alcohol keeps up the momentum of benign growth and continues to consolidate high-end low-level drinking poles. Tax hikes have led to profitable performance, and reservoirs are still at healthy water levels.
< < < < state cellar: A year of successful admissions, a quarter of a year, a slight drop in the mid-end ratio of alcohol to mid-high end Māori, a ratio of medium-high alcohol to 0.2 pct, but the lower cost of raw materials ensures that Māori levels remain stable overall. q2 is sold.
< < Super-expected performance, contractual liability >0.7/-0.6/+0.5 pct, sales cost increases due to increased market input from company q2, including air advertising, red-scanning, and giving jobs. ]
"Silves in Xingzhou: Exceeding expectations, Envelope growth" - 2023-08-29, etc., with advertising costs of +32 per cent, promotion costs of +-15 per cent; financial cost rates
The rise is related to the impact of the decline in returns on securities in Washington. At the same time, the faster growth of q2 revenues and differences in production schedules (the same increase in production and delivery) have led to higher consumer tax rates, and corporate 24q2 turnover tax and surcharges +2.2 pct to 11.7% of product structure.
Changes, increased market input in the stock market, increased consumer tax rates, and declining return rates on investment earnings are associated with the fact that the overall reservoir is still more adequate and the return progresses well.
The Pacific Institute of Pacific Studies, 2nd Platoon D, 9th North Street, Beijing City West Side.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.