In 2024, performance ratings were reported: a solid foundation, risk protection, steady achievement of targets, low profit growth rates, mainly due to fluctuations in consumer tax rates. 2 Proper regulation of the quality of physical channels, multiple prices combined. 24h1 company alcohol revenues are the same.
Control of shipments has been strengthened accordingly, with medium-year pipeline stocks returning to benign levels, 24h1 being medium-grade alcohol, with a relatively high rate of growth in the public consumption dividend, and an overall slowdown in sales during the first spring season, partly reflected in 23q4 and 2 in the continued streamlining of controls over other tactical products.
Mainly due to quarterly repayments, there was a difference over the last year. 2) Profitend: 24h1 net interest rate Māori ratio: h1/q2 plus 0.2 pc on average, and the gradual consolidation of the smart packaging centre led to a break.
The old year-on-year ratio rose, but the cost of the raw materials optimized the positive contribution, with h1 high-end liquor and other beverages 2024q1 rating: determined, steady forward interest rates equal to -0.2 pct/+0.5 pct, respectively.
The main contribution, the same-0.6 pct, is mainly due to a moderate contraction of the company's incremental costs and increased cost efficiency through a digital marketing system.
Optimizes about 0.3 pct (a year-on-year) by adding to the immediate pay, mainly as a result of equity incentives.
3 tax rates: h1 consumer tax rate equal to +1.0 pct to 9.3%, mainly due to changing production rhythms, 23q2 summer high-temperature gin-breeding production is low, leading to the establishment of a solid base to protect against risk. 24h1 company revolves around “resolve, aggressive, innovative, synergized”
On the one hand, through the Highlands Strategy, the 100-city Plan and others, to strengthen core market tillage and to increase the pressure on the rhythm to manage the right link; on the other hand, to promote flat-level management by helping to digitalize, and to make it more efficient for management.
The market is getting better, the markets are getting better, and the future is still looking at the company's two brands, the profit forecast and investment rating: revenue from the cellar is not expected to be much different from the overall rate of increase, the middle-rate alcohol year, and the company's public announcement of an appropriate increase in its net return profit for 2024-2026 is adjusted accordingly.
Figure 2: The net profit growth contribution of 24q2 was split between the three major financial forecasting tables of the Panzhou County Seniors and the Eastern Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.