After the increase in gold prices and the increase in fuelwood production, Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz) published its annual report for 2019, it achieved operating income of $5,14.9 billion in 2019.
This represents an increase of 6.69 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $864 million, which is an increase in the same amount;
During the reporting period, as a result of the downward pressure on the United States economy and rising trade frictions between the United States and the United States, the Federal Reserve reduced interest rates on a number of occasions during the reporting period, making the real rate of return on US debt weak.
The United States dollar/ounce rose to $139.90 per ounce in 2019, an increase of 13.13 per cent in the same year; the average gold price of the upper gold bank in 2019 was $354.46 per g, compared to the average price of $313.00 per g in the same period in 2018, an increase of $41.46 per g in the same period, an increase of 13.24 per cent.
In addition, in April 2019, the Qinghai Great Zaydan mine was officially launched, and in 2019 it disposed of 550,000 tons of ore, with an average grade of 3.94g/t, and sold up to 1.45 tons of gold, an increase of 32.13% over the same period. The rise in gold prices, combined with the release of gold production, drove the public.
(ii) The risk of recession is exacerbated by the overseas epidemic, and the Fed's “zero interest rate +oe” benefits. On March 23, the Fed announced an open asset purchase plan, which will buy $75 billion in State debt and $50 billion in institutional mortgage-backed securities every day this week.
In order to save the US economy from the impact of the epidemic, the US government and the United States Congress planned to adopt a scheme worth nearly $2 trillion in the U.S. Sunday night. In just one month, we saw the US stock melt four times, the market.
Fears are rising. The zero interest rate imposed by the United States, coupled with quantitative easing of monetary policy... to cope with the effects of the escalation of the overseas epidemic, shows that the epidemic has significantly increased the risk of the future of the United States and the global economy.
The market concerns about the liquidity of the United States market after the epidemic affected the world economy, as well as the increased fiscal policy stimulus expected, will drive the rise in gold prices by lowering the rate of return on US national debt and real interest rates. We believe that the sharp fall in gold prices at the beginning of March will be largely the same.
Because of the global financial market turmoil and the extreme panic of the market, investors are trading in recessionary terms to sell gold to obtain liquidity, as was the case in the 2008 financial crisis (the real rate of return in the United States did not show a clear upturn at the time of the collapse in gold prices).
It appears that the expectation that the market will continue quantitative easing of the Fed to support economic and financial market liquidity without a clear turning point in the epidemic will continue to grow, which will drive down the most important pricing factor for the United States real interest rate, thereby driving the current round of gold prices to continue.
In September 19 the company issued a public announcement plan to purchase Guizhou, increasing its lead and zinc resources and its ability to choose. The plan is to purchase the Governor's share (US$ 12.29/stock) and US$ 1.2 billion in cash.
Equity (trade prevalued at $4.2 billion) and indirectly holding 67% interest in Hydraconomy Mining Development Co. Ltd. The main assets of Hyukdang Mining Development Co. Ltd. are mining rights for the lead zinc mine in the town of White fruit and prospecting rights for the lead zinc mine in the pig pond. Although the lead zinc mine in the former town of White fruit is in the phase of shutdown, the pig pond lead zinc mine is preparing to apply for mining rights and the pig pond lead zinc deposits belong to the pig pond.
At a very large size, a major mine concentrates about 65% of its resources for large-scale low-cost mining, with an average lead zinc grade of about 10% higher, and the company is currently preparing to apply for mining rights to build 1.8 million tonnes/year lead zinc-selection mineral energy.The company published the first draft of its employee holding plan and revisions in 2019, raising funds totalling about 214 million yuan.
The total number of employees in the scheme is 45, of which 11 are directors, supervisors, senior managers, and 34 are core cadres. Locks are regularly held for one year and last for two years.
(iv) The build-up of the built-up deposits of inland prospecting will underpin the company’s future growth base The company adheres to a development strategy based on precious metals and high-quality non-ferrous metals. The company now has four main mining departments, comprising four gold mining rights, six gold mining rights, two silver lead zinc mining rights and four silver lead zinc mineral prospecting rights.
The company's mining technology and engineering projects helped to increase its productivity. The company sold 6,949.24 tons of silver lead concentrate (single priced separately) and 15,094.87 tons of zinc concentrate to realize a net profit of $22,145.3 million. In 2019, the company made technological changes to the mining system, including the construction of three new wells, the renovation of two wells, and, by late 2019, completed full-scale engineering work to upgrade the mining industry.
Capacity of 3,500 tonnes/day: Adaptation of mining plants to increase the capacity to recover associated copper metals has been initially completed, and applications for land use, synchronization and equipment are being advanced. The Galactic gold mine is one of the highest levels of gold found in the country, accompanied by silver and silver. 203,000 tonnes of ore were treated in 2019, with an average of 15.27 g/t in the gold class.
112.35g/t, selling 3.01 tons of gold and 17 tons of silver and silver, resulting in a net profit of 53,409.54 million yuan. In 2019, the open-air mining of the East Angrim mine was completed and successfully transferred to underground mining. Its programme of resource development and utilization for the expansion of production capacity (1200 tons/day) was reviewed and adopted by the China Gold Association and is in the process of refining the approval process for the expansion of production capacity.
The completion of phase I and phase II of the new tailings deposit was completed. After the expansion of the selection system, the processing capacity would reach 1,200 tonnes/day. In 2019, the Gilling Tablet disposed of 600,000 tons of ore, with an average of 2.8g/t, and sold 1.35 tons of gold, resulting in a net profit of $10,201.97 million.
Further improvements will result in a percentage point increase in the ability to select mines. The tailings enrichment project successfully obtained a safe production permit through a safe and environmentally sound inspection. At the same time, the review and filing of the detailed report on the right to prospecting at the temple has been completed, laying the groundwork for the transfer of the right to prospecting to mining.
An average grade of 3.94g/t, with a net profit of approximately $19,673.6 million from the sale of 1.45 tons of gold. In 2019, the main areas of the Qinghai Great Zaydan mine focused on engineering and mining under the Blue Dragon Beach wells, and on the extension of mining rights in the Blue Dragon Trench.
The increase in the deposits of prospecting supports future development. By the end of 2019, the combined amount of silver and Thai gold was 801,822 tons of ores and the amount of tin and metal was 19,600 tons. Compared to 2018, the total amount of ores in four mines was 679.45 million tons, the value of gold was 100,802 tons, the amount of silver and metal was 7,091,85 tons, the amount of lead and metals was 58,44 million tons, the amount of zinc and 86,98 million tons, the amount of gold, silver and silver.
The amount of lead and zinc metals increased by 1.49 tons, 615 tons and 32.95 tons respectively, up by 1.48 per cent, 8.67 per cent and 22.66 per cent respectively, while the amount of silver and lead and zinc deposits increased significantly, while the gold reserves were almost reduced from 5.8 tons in 2019, when the actual increase in gold resources reached 4.31 tons in 2019, up from 4.28 per cent in 2018.
Four mining subsidiaries have 10 prospecting rights, and the exploration scope of the prospecting rights amounts to 217.11 square kilometres. Of these, the Yulong mine has four silver lead and zinc mineral prospecting certificates, and the exploration scope of the prospecting rights amounts to 41.11 square kilometres. The Yulong mining area is located in Da Hingan, the non-ferrous metal-forming belt of the Ridge and the polymetallic-mining belt of the north of China's north, which is rich in non-ferrous metal resources and has access to them.
It is a high-profile search for large, mega, and world-class, non-ferrous mineral deposits, with great potential and prospects for exploration. There are six gold mineral prospecting certificates, covering 176 square kilometres of exploration.
It is located on the beach in Qinghai Province in a non-ferrous metal mine with a high concentration of mining conditions, and has a great potential to find a mine in the vicinity of the two mining rights. Since the launch of the Jilin Temple, ongoing production exploration has been successful, maintaining a good balance of exploration and maintaining stable resources and good sustainability. There are also rights to prospecting on the outskirts of the gold mine.
Very good mining trails are being actively coordinated, such as forest land, pending further exploration. There are few high-grade, shallow deposits of low-temperature hydrothermal gold, with the possibility of further mining on the periphery and in the depths, and it is hoped that the mine will continue to serve for an extended period of time.
The exploration of prospecting rights in the Qingshan Census Area and in the Qinglong Mountain Gold Mine has been steadily advancing.
Lead + zinc metal volume, 1.7837 million tons, and the Yulong mining industry, in order to expand prospects for mining and increase its resource reserves, continued its exploration of the Xiaobot and outlying prospecting areas on the basis of its previous year's work. The prospecting rights survey was completed, the exploitation report of the outlying areas was evaluated and the exploration of the 1118 highlands was completed. As of late 2019, field surveys had been completed and are in progress.
A preliminary estimate of the ore resources above level (333), 23,425 tons, silver metal 1,902.45 tons, lead + zinc metal 548,800 tons, average grade silver 81.21 g/t, lead + zinc 2.36%. Production surveys in mining areas.
The copper and tin deposits discovered at the depth of lead mining rights are being explored and no resource estimates are being made, which are expected to increase the reserves of copper and tin resources at the depth of mining rights in the future. As at the end of 2019, the Black River had 1.953 million tons of ores, 17.449 tons of gold and 139.59 tons of silver and an increase of 8.87 million tons of ores, 1.504 tons of gold and 13.64 tons of silver.
The Gilling Temple completed the review and filing of the detailed report on the right to prospecting, which laid the foundation for the transfer of the right to prospecting to mining. As of the end of 2019, Gillin had a total of 68,371 tons of ore and 29,122 tons of metal gold; an increase ore in production and decrease in exploration, with 50,94 million tons of ore and 1.72 tons of gold ore; and a quantity of 90,500 tons of ore on board for the evaluation of gold ore.
The exploration of the prospecting rights of the Great Chaidan in the Qinghai Sea continues to be carried out in four areas, including the completion of a detailed survey of the right to prospecting in the Crystal Trench, which is currently being reviewed, the preparation of a detailed survey report on the first section of the exploration report on the right to prospecting in the Golden Dragon Trench. The exploration of the exploration of the right to prospecting in the Qingshan Census Area and the Blue Dragon Hill Gold Mine is progressing steadily. The report on the verification of the rights to prospecting in the Blue Dragon Trench is currently being prepared.
The combined amount of ore retained within the scope of the Zaydan mining and prospecting rights was 12.442 million tons and the amount of gold and metals was 52.59 tons.The company ' s performance during the reporting period was significantly enhanced by the combination of higher gold prices and the recovery of firewood in Qinghai.The company ' s strategic orientation for the transfer of existing mining technology to production expansion and increased deposits of prospecting is clear, and future company production of mineral gold is expected to be steady.
As the epidemic increases overseas, the risk of a global recession increases, trade friction increases, central banks gradually join in the re-launching of monetary easing, and the Fed takes the lead in applying quantitative easing to the negative effects of the epidemic and the global economy, raising the price hub of gold. Gold prices are being added to the gradual release of gold production, and the company’s future performance is still subject to a logic of rising prices.
The Federal Reserve relaunched the credit scale process: 3) The company's mining and technology improvement projects are not as productive as expected. 4) Financial market liquidity is strained:
(5) Crude oil prices continue to fall.