With the end of the production disturbance, the gold mine is expected to continue with its annual silver gold (00975), the company published its annual 2019 report, which generated $5,149 million in revenues, an increase of 6.69 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $864 million to the mother.
Performance: higher gold prices and gold deposits led to performance growth, with production affected by delayed start-up and delay of mining certificates at $40/g. The company ' s total gold production in 2019 was 5.8 tons, slightly lower than expected, mainly from the Gilling Temple.
The delay affected production, with 1.35 tons of gold sold at the Temple; 3.01 tons of gold and 17 tons of silver sold at Shirathai throughout the year; and 1.45 tons of gold sold throughout the year at Qinghai Chai Chaidan on 26 April 2019. At the same time, the company Yulong mine was affected by other mines in the same region, delaying the start of work and affecting lead and zinc production.
Financial: low rate, overall health of current assets \triangleright
In the case of mobile assets, 300 million yuan in monetary funds and 500 million yuan in traded financial assets (an additional $600 million to cover the deposit for the Ping Ping Mine Project), the extension: acquisition of high-grade lead and zinc mines and enhancement of resource reserves, the company proposes to acquire 83.75 per cent of the capital of the mining industry by $4.2 billion ($3 billion in shares + $1.2 billion in cash).
The amount of lead zinc ore resources (332 + 333) 27,762 million (pm: pb2.38 per cent, zn 7.56 per cent) in the pig pits (67 per cent interest), the concentration of mineral ore bodies, which can be mined on a large scale at low cost; and the size of the production design after the diversion, which is 1.8 million tonnes/year, 1,000 tonnes in 2021 and 5,000 tonnes in 2024.
Short-term gold is expected to withstand deflationary expectations due to dollar liquidity, the spread of the epidemic and downside oil prices, but we believe that the continued dollar liquidity problem of oe will be resolved and that the strong position of the dollar will not be sustainable; while the low interest rate environment is expected to be maintained, taking into account the precious metals that inflation is expected to recover when the epidemic stabilizes in the medium term.
Keeping up the rolls, the performance is expected to continue to grow steadily. Without considering the production of lead and zinc under the mining flag, it is expected that silver and Thai gold (000975), which is reported in three quarters, will be produced in a way that disrupts performance and continues to appreciate the contribution of gold operations.
Production in mines fell short of expectations; prices for lead and zinc products continued to decline significantly.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.