The transportation group has a significant area advantage of the dividends multiplied by the red.
The company is the core of the road industry, with a combined annual return of 6.9 per cent on stock prices (including dividends) since it was listed.
The share of business activity was 63 per cent, with Māori accounting for 91 per cent. Benefiting from the recovery in traffic following the epidemic, 1H2023 registered a 46 per cent increase in corporate revenue and a 36 per cent increase in net profit returns.
The company’s roads are concentrated in the south of Jiangsu, ranked second in the country in 2022 by gdp, Jiangsu province, and third in the country by civilian vehicle holdings, providing good support for the traffic. Jiangsu province has six cities that have been selected to host the national logistics hub, mostly in the south of the country.
(2) High dividends and dividends guarantee a minimum return for investors.
Truck traffic has improved on a marginal basis. 1h2023 traffic has been restored mainly by passenger cars, companies are involved in controlling the traffic of road-cars at +105% and cargo cars at +4%. The traffic of vans has increased continuously in the first three weeks of the National Day, reaching annual peaks, and in the second half of the year, the freight season, pre-empting.
The same-year increase in truck traffic has improved over the first half of the year. (2) Single-car revenue: in 2020, the Jiangsu highway introduced new rates, higher bus rates for construction costs under the new standards, and higher rates for large trucks. In 2021 Jiangsu province
(c) Cost: The projected depreciation cost of a bicycle in 2023 is reduced. The company uses the traffic method to convert the old, that is, to determine the depreciation of a bicycle based on expected traffic, and calculates the specific amount of traffic for the current period.
Depreciation. In 2022, the company changed the accounting estimate for depreciation of the traffic method, 1h2023, and we measured a decrease of 14.8 per cent in the corresponding depreciation of the company's controlled car.
At the Ningjong Highway, as the industry leader, there is an estimated premium of 12 times the value in 2024, less than expected economic repairs, less than expected construction in progress, changes in highway billing policies, market-style conversion risks
I. Ning-jung High: the defense capability is high, the toll road is the main business.
1.1 The core road industry target, with significant defensive capabilities The core road industry target, with an annualized rate of return of 6.9 per cent since its listing, is the preferred target for investors in the road industry. Since the company's listing, the value of the company's previous shareholdings has increased by 359.4 per cent (including dividends), with an annualized rate of return of 6.9 per cent.
Looking back at the company’s stock price performance, we believe that it is driven mainly by high dividends and a steady rise in profits. Since the company’s listing, the company’s share price has not recovered (excluding dividends).
In view of the excess returns since the company went on the market, we found that in the years when the company was down, it often showed better defensive attributes and recorded good excess gains. The company went on the market (2001) after the full number of power appliances, ranking it first six in a share. In the years when the company was down, it often recorded very well.
Excess gains, such as a 24.6 per cent drop in the upper certificate index in 2018 and a 4.4 per cent positive gain on the Ning Qin Quick.
Robust defense comes from the stability of profitability and equity. Corporate equities are better defensive, mainly because high-speed road traffic is relatively stable and more resilient, even during periods of economic pressure. A review shows that, in 2004-2022, the overall profit growth rate of listed companies was highly volatile by the country’s gdp growth rate; and the opposite is true of companies, except for companies that have seen the growth rate of the economy.
On the equity side, the company has been the only one in the past 10 years in Jiangsu province, the only one in the long triangle core, and the only one in Jiangsu, the long triangle core. The Ningjong Highway is the only traffic infrastructure in Jiangsu province.
Listed companies, established in 1992 and issued h shares in Hong Kong in 1997, and a share in 2001. The company operates a road area located in the Yangtze delta region, China’s most dynamic economy, where the group owns or participates in a group-owned or equity bridge project that connects the East-West and North-South land transport corridors in Jiangsu Province, and is economically active and traffic-intensive in the region as of 1h2023.
The number of bridge projects in which companies are directly involved in operating and investing is 17, with over 910 toll roads in which they own or participate, with 91% Māori. The company’s main business can be divided into four blocks: toll roads, support services, real estate sales, electricity sales, with 63% of 1H2023 battalion and 91% of Māori.
The company expanded its new energy generation business in 2022, with a gross profit ratio of 6% for 1h2023. The company's participation in the ppp construction project required accounting treatment to account for revenue and cost during the construction period.
Chart 9:1h2023 Toll Roads account for 91% of Māori holdings held by Jiangsu, which strongly supports corporate development. The shareholders are Jiangsu Transport Holdings Ltd., with 54.44% of Jiangsu holding shares up to 1h2023, and the company actually controls the Jiangsu State Finance Committee.
The company, as the only listed company in the Jiangsu traffic control system, has a good asset quality and profitability, and has been able to obtain significant support from Jiangsu in terms of guarantees and loan payments 1.3 benefits from a recovery in traffic and 1h2023 returns.
The epidemic held up, with the performance of 1h2023 rising. In 2020, corporate revenue was equal to -20%, and the net profit of the parent was equal to +46%, compared to +48% during the same period in 2019; companies achieved net profit of +248 billion, compared to +36%, compared to +9% during the same period in 2019, mainly because of the same rise in the traffic of the company ' s operating circuit network, with the company ' s core producing high speed.
A parent-to-manufactured net profit is the second largest increase in the performance of a company, 1h2023. Compared to a comparable firm, a company with 1h2023 is ranked second in its income and a company with 1h2023 in its net profit.
This has had a greater impact on the road output that the company operates, with a lower base in the first half of the year; on the other hand, it is located in the most dynamic long triangle in China, where core road traffic has recovered relatively well, and where the company opened a new roadway on the Mount Five bridge in June 2021, and where the impact of the epidemic has dissipated with a gradual increase in profitability.
Net interest rate is 35%, compared to 3.6pt. The reason for the same increase in the company ' s Māori rate is that: 1) the Māori rate of the main toll road operation increased by 8.4 pt; 2) the Māori rate of the new power sales business was higher, 1H2022 was not included in the statement, and this positive effect on the Māori rate rise was reflected in the table. The reason for the same decline in the company ' s net interest rate is the fact that the company ' s share rate was higher.
This is a delay from last year, resulting in lower returns on investments. Sub-operations show that 1h2023 has a more than 50% Māori rate for the toll road owners and electricity sales, 31% Māori for real estate sales, and 1% Māori for supporting services.
Third, the main reasons for the Division are: 1) the former high-speed and high-speed trams focus on the toll-roads industry, with no other side business, while the general toll-roads business has a higher rate of Maori than the toll-to-side business. 2) Among high-speed enterprises with a side business, the company Roe is higher than other companies, mainly because of better road-resource endowments and a higher rate of Maori in some of the toll-to-roads industry. 1h2023, the company camp.
We expect that in 2023, the company Roe will rise at a higher rate than in 2023, and that it will rise at a higher rate than in 2022.
II. Growth of the regional elite, with high dividends to ensure absolute returns 2.1 Core road output is high, with continued progress in the construction of new road products (1) The core road product is concentrated in the south-western region and the core road product is high
As of 1h2023, the number of roads owned or invested by the company reached 17, and the number of open bridges owned or owned by the company exceeded 910 km. The company's core road product is Xiangning, the high-speed Jiangsu sector, with a 100% interest ratio. The high-speed highway is an important high-speed link between Shanghai and Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
Main roads, all 248.21 kilometres long, two-way eight lanes. The company’s other roads include the Guangchang and Sichuan highways, the Ning and the town highways, and the Si Yi and Ring Lake Highways, which are concentrated in the south of the country, creating a network-wide effect. The company’s main road products are the backbone of the long-triangular highway network.
Main lines, mostly concentrated in the South Sudan region. The core of these roads are the main arteries of Jiangsu. They are a major part of the country's high-speed (g2) and east-west highways. They are prominent in the country's highway network, one of the country's busiest highways.
The North-West and North-South transport corridors in Su Province extend along the Zahning highway to cover the scale of the road network, which contributes to the main income, with a significant increase in the traffic of 1h2023. The company’s core road output, the Zahnin highway, contributes to the main income, with 1h2023 earning 57.2% of the revenue, as it has the longest mileage and single route.
The average daily traffic is the highest. 1h2023, the average daily traffic for company-controlled road production was 541,000, an increase of 70.8 per cent in the same year; and 114,000, an increase of 70.7 per cent in the same year, for medium-sized high-speed traffic.
According to the Toll Road Regulations, the cost of operating highways does not exceed 25 years, and in some parts of the central west it does not exceed 30 years. The average cost of remaining company shareholds is currently about 12.3 years, while the remaining years of the core section of the Jingning River Jiangsu sector are 9 years.
See, the company's remaining fee period is at the upper-middle level in comparable companies. In addition, four of the company's holdings are in excess of 20 years for more services, while the road product is still growing and the traffic increases faster than the mature ones.
Figure 23: The company’s remaining road fares are at the upper-middle level of comparable companies The construction of new roads continues, and the construction of the Longbull Bridge project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024. The company continues to promote the high-quality new road production project. By the end of 2022, the company was mainly working on construction projects for the Longbull crossing the river corridor, the Longbull bridge north link and the Sineyi high-speed expansion.
The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will lead to a step-by-step increase in the mileage of fees and road productivity. The principal is the responsibility of the local government along the road; the remaining funds outside the capital will be financed by a project loan.
The remaining investment needs are $14,062 million, with a planned investment of $3.85 billion in 2023. According to the accounting standards, the investment in the ppp project will be accounted for in the company ' s income/cost during the construction period. (3) Depreciation amortization costs represent a smaller share of toll revenue, and the Māori rate of the bridge operation will be repaired
The company’s core cost competitiveness lies in the fact that depreciation amortization costs account for a smaller share of toll revenue. Compared to comparable companies, the pre-epidemiological depreciation amortization of company road bridge operations in 2019 was 18% of toll revenue and the depreciation amortization in 2022 was 22%, the lowest of comparable companies.
Since 2020, with the addition of new road products, the company Māori ratio industry has fallen in ranking, but before 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio had a lower depreciation amortization cap.
According to four two-way four-way drive projects between 2010 and 2020, the cost of building one kilometre has risen from $50 million to $97 million over time. The cost of building one kilometre is lower in the company’s core sections, where the construction and expansion of the fast-speed is earlier and one kilometre is lower.
Compared to the high-speed expansion of the Sandong high-speed core road production, which started in 2016. One-km construction costs rose to 96 million, and the Māori ratio will be repaired. Māori was the leader of the pre-epidemiological company toll road operations before the industry, with Māori at 63.3% in 2019, leading the second high-speed company, the Māori toll road operations, leading with 5.1 ptt.
The decline is due mainly to: 1) the company’s new road product is in use, while the new road product is still in the process of growing up, with a low Māori rate. While revenue from fees is affected by the epidemic, expenditure on maintenance, labour, etc., has been more stable, with the high-speed Māori rate declining in 2022 to 57.6% in 2022, we believe that the impact of the current epidemic will be eliminated, and the Māori rate of company road bridge operations will be repaired.
Figure 27: Pre-epidemic company toll-roads Māori industry leads
In 2022, Gdp, Jiangsu province, ranked second in the country, with good local economic capacity to support the volume of freight demand.
At the same time, the construction and operation of logistics parks is another major guarantee of cargo traffic. Some of the south-western regions’ priority cities are selected as national logistics hubs.
There are six cities in Jiangsu province, mostly concentrated in the South Sudan region. The company’s road output is concentrated in the South Sudan region, and the logistics hub’s presence is linked to the company’s traffic flow.
Dry Port-type national logistics hub with cities Nanjing, Xuzhou, Nanjing, Suzhou, Nantung, Lian Yun Harbour
Port-type national logistics hubs with cities Airport-type national logistics hubs with cities in Nanjing, Tinless, Suzhou
Production-service national logistics hubs carrying cities Nanjing, Nantong, and commercial-service national logistics hubs
In 2021, 2,176,000 vehicles were owned in Jiangsu province, ranking third in the country, and 32 per cent higher than the national average.
Figure 33: The per capita civilian vehicle ownership in Jiangsu province is higher than the national average The long-triangular urban population is highly connected, supporting high-speed travel frequency. According to the China Major Urban Association Network Study, the articles define the extent of the connection through the city where the business is based and the city where the business is affiliated.
In the area of diversion, the company’s road output is largely subject to competition from the surrounding parallel high-speed road production and railways. The company’s mileage is relatively high in the region, with the company’s fee-for-roads in late 2022 taking over Jiangsu Province.
The speed road traffic rate is 17.9%, of which the high speed covers traffic mainly in the Shanghai-Naking direction. As a result of the effectiveness of the Ning and the high-speed diversion of Ning, the high-speed highway, the company acquired the high speed of Ning and the high-speed speed of Jinning at the end of 2014, and after the purchase was completed, the company’s traffic coverage in the direction of Hining has increased further.
In addition to the effects of the diversion of vehicles between Quiyang and Ningdjiang, the firm’s competitive environment for road production is stable, and the new high-speed production in Jiangsu Province is concentrated in the Su-China and North regions, where there is no additional pressure on the flow of road production. Figure 35: The Ning and the town’s high-speed have a diversion effect on the Qinning high-speed.
Railways are not clear about the division of production from the company’s core. The parallel railways around the company are the inter-city railway from Ningjong, the inter-city railway from Kyongjong, and the inter-trail from Ningjung, which became operational in July 2010, June 2011 and July 2013, respectively, but the impact on the distribution of the company’s core production from the opening of the above rail lines is not clear, and we believe that the possible reason for this is: 1) the arrival of passengers from the Ningjian railway.
In developed countries, motor groups are already operating before the opening, and passenger diversions are almost complete; (2) there is a certain lack of alternatives to road advantage miles within 100 m, high iron advantage miles between 100 km and 1,000 km, and road passengers are dominated by short-distance passengers.
2.3 High dividends secure absolute returns, low interest rates increase in value for money, and the corporate cash share rises to 94%. We believe that the main reason why companies have maintained a constant share in recent years is the epidemic, which has affected company performance release, and the larger cost of building a new road capital.
Figure 39: Corporate dividends ranked sixth in industry Figure 40: Corporate dividends were 4.6%, public debt returns were down in 10 years, and the present time-point price increases. Domestic economic repairs were slow and interest rates were low after the epidemic.
According to the macro-group, at this early stage of the recovery, the cumulative financing environment requires liquidity, interest rates, pre-state debt yields, and an increase in configuration value. Because of the company’s high dividends, strong defensive features, there are good excesses in the interest rate period, favored by a large number of investors.
Figure 43: At the lower interest rate stage, Ningjian has a better excess of earnings, with a third share of a share, with a long-term investment value. From the point of view, the total amount of financing since the company was listed is $630 million, with a total share of $36,373 million, with a split of 57.73 million, the third in all shares.
The overall a-point-red finance ratio was 70 per cent since the company was listed, after Chongqing's beer, reflecting its long-term feature of dividends for shareholders with long-term investment value.
3.1 Post-epidemiological repairs and production of connection roads, company traffic growth, high passenger traffic and marginal improvements in cargo traffic. With the optimization of the disease control policy, 1H2023 traffic has resumed. The first half of the year was largely driven by passenger vehicles, with the company ' s share-hold bridge project, which increased the traffic of 1H2023 passenger vehicles.
It's 105% long and traffic is 4% higher. There is currently a marginal improvement in the traffic of trucks. According to the Ministry of Transport, the three weeks of high-speed traffic before the National Day show a steady increase, with the first week of the National Day (9.18-9.24), where traffic peaked at 58,957,000 vehicles, the same rate as the first three weeks of the National Day.
17.7 per cent, 13.3 per cent, 7.4 per cent and an improvement over the increase in the first half of the year.
Figure 46: Marginal improvements in the traffic of high-speed trucks, which is expected to increase better in the second half of the year. Looking ahead, we think that in the second half of the year, when residents travel more frequently after the epidemic, the traffic of highway buses is expected to continue with the higher average daily traffic in the first half of the year.
In July, after the Political Bureau meeting, there was a steady rise in policy, the manufacturing pmi ring rose four months in a row, and the pmi returned to the expansion zone in September; social retailing totalled $398 trillion in September, a 5.5% increase compared to market expectations. We believe that this will be accompanied by sustained economic rehabilitation and the arrival of 4q2023 cargoes.
The traffic of trucks is expected to grow better in the second half of the year. The traffic of high-speed cars has increased significantly through the connecting circuits, Xiyi and the ring of the Lake Tai. The Xiyi, the ring of the Lake, is connected to the Susi highway, the southern corridor, which became operational at the end of December 2021.
By contrast, the average traffic of the high-speed 1h2022 day of the Ring is 99.1% higher than that of the 1h2019 days before the outbreak, while the average traffic of the Siyi high-speed day is 66% higher than that of the same year, and the high-speed daily traffic of the Ring is 117% higher than that of the Lake. On the one hand, traffic was affected by the epidemic in 2022, and the negative effects were eliminated this year. On the other hand, the southern corridor traffic is still being cultivated, and its growth can be accompanied by growth.
The following traffic is expected to increase faster than in the past: figure 49: The high-speed traffic of Si and the high-speed link of the ring to the southern corridor; figure 50:1h2023 high-speed traffic of the ring and the high-speed traffic of the lake is expected to increase significantly.
The high-speed expansion is expected to be completed ahead of time, with rapid growth in the traffic flow at the Mount Five. The advantage of the bridge and the connecting line is significant, with the high-speed northbound, the high-speed south and the mid-north axis of Jiangsu. Under the high-lying position, the bridge was rapidly cultivated, and it was built in June 2021, reaching 31.5 per cent in the same year, and a full-year Maori rate in 2022.
48.1 per cent benefited from the recovery in traffic following the epidemic and the rapid growth in the cultivation of traffic flows, with 160.6 per cent higher than the 160.6 per cent increase in traffic at the Ptt. 1,2023, the expansion of the high-speed Ntung-Jingdu sector was completed earlier than in June 2023, the average daily traffic at the Ptt. Five is 27.5 per cent higher than the average in the first half of the year, and traffic is expected to support traffic at the Ptt. Five.
3.2 Increase in the rate of fees and the expected increase in the income of the bicycle ring in the second half of the year (1) Increase in the rate of fees for new highways since 2020 Increase in the rate of fees for passenger cars since 2020. According to the Jiangsu Transport Department, since 2020 Jiangsu has implemented a new highway collection
The new standard is divided into three categories based on the unit of investment in road property: in the case of a bus type one, $60 million per unit and more than $0.55 per kilometer. The rate 2 is higher by 11.1 per cent than the original rate, and the rate 3 is 22.2 per cent higher than the previous rate, and the company ' s new road output has been made more accessible in recent years in the context of the rising cost of high-speed road construction.
Under the new rates, the van was changed from a weight to an axle charge, with a higher maximum rate for large trucks. Under the original standards, the maximum rate was 1.575 for weights greater than 15 tons.
Euro/km; under the new standard, the rate for vans 6 or more is the highest, the rate is $2.32/car fare, and the rate for the largest vehicles has been increased by 47%. The rate for vans 3 orgs under the new rate is close to the standarded maximum, and in view of the trend towards the large-scaleization of vans, we believe that there will be an increase in the revenue of the truck as a whole.
During the “14th Five-Five” period, Jiangsu plans to expand the high-speed mileage by more than 770 meters, which is increasingly becoming an important way to develop highway construction.
The costs of relocation, labour costs, construction materials, etc. have continued to rise, and in 2021 Jiangsu province established a fee rate for the conversion of the expansion project. For units investing in an extension of 80-120 million yuan/km, the fee rate is raised on the basis of the pre-extension rate.
The rate of revenue from the 12,2023 company bicycles has fallen the same year. The revenue from the car is mainly based on a fee rate and the structure of the vehicle. The rate is usually determined by the local government: the ratio between passenger and cargo vehicles will also affect the income from the vehicle, as the cost of the same van is generally higher than that of the bus. In 2020, the revenue from the high-speed car in the Xinning fell by 26.5% on the same year, mainly because of the epidemic.
Vehicle tolls are waived during the control period (2.17-5.6). Income from 1 h2023 n high-speed bicycles decreased by 20.3 per cent from the year to year, mainly because the company’s buses recovered at a much faster rate than the trucks, and the higher rates of trucks decreased as a percentage of the vehicle structure. Figure 56:1h2023 n high-speed Jiangsu bicycles earned 20.3 per cent from the year to year.
Figure 57: 1h2023 - Reduced share of road cargo vehicles - The ratio of traffic will pick up again, because 1) it will be higher in the second half of the year than in the first half due to the impact of the freight cycle. q1 will have less traffic before and after spring, q4 being more traffic in the traditional cargo season. 2) In the first half of the year, due to macro, the traffic will be lower.
In view of the economic impact, freight traffic has recovered weakly. There has been a recent recovery in social consumption indicators such as zero, and there has been a marginal increase in cargo traffic, which is expected to be better in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. The increase in the ratio of freight cars in the second half of the year will drive the annual write-off of 3.3 depreciations as the main cost of bridge operations, and accounting estimates reduce the depreciation of single vehicles.
Depreciation amortization is the main cost of the bridge operation. The cost of the company’s road bridge operation is composed mainly of three components, namely, depreciation amortization, labour costs and maintenance costs. The main component of this is depreciation amortization, which in 2022 represented 47 per cent of the bridge’s operating costs.
Cost increased to 59 per cent. 1h2023, the cost of company bridge operations increased by 9.7 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in traffic; Figure 59:1h2023, the cost of company bridge operations increased by 9.7 per cent over the same period; Figure 60:1h2023, the depreciation amortization accounted for 59 per cent of the cost of road bridge operations
Accounting adjustments are made every 3-5 years using the traffic method. The company uses the traffic method to depreciate, i.e., by dividing the value of the stock to be amortized by road funds by the expected future traffic, by obtaining the depreciation amortization of the vehicle, and by determining the depreciation of the actual traffic in the current period.
The main reason for this is, in our view, frequent speed, long speed, three roads on the Mount Five bridge, which began to depreciate around 2021, causing depreciation fluctuations in bicycles, changes in accounting estimates, and a decrease in the depreciation of bicycles. In April 2022, the company hired an independent professional traffic research institute to do nothing about roads.
This accounting change reduced corporate amortization of intangible assets by $245 million in 2022 and increased net profits by $184 million. 1h2023, we measure the depreciation amortization costs.
Figure 62: Corporate-controlled rickshaw depreciation is more stable. Company-controlled rickshaw depreciation and income ($)  rickshaw depreciation (left axis)
The first year of the construction of the Longdong Bridge project is expected to be about $160 million in depreciation. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.
The volume method is depreciated, and we expect the depreciation to be approximately $160 million in the first year of the project. 3.4 Accompanies services are rejuvenated, resulting in a 1h2023 acreage in real estate operations with an increase of 101 per cent in operating income over the same period. Accompanies services include mainly along the Sanning Highway.
Oil sales, catering, retailing of goods and other related operations in the six service areas accounted for more than 80 per cent of the supply of support services. In 2022, company auxiliary services received the same proportion as 22 per cent, mainly as a result of the epidemic, which reduced traffic to 0.9 per cent, mainly because of higher sales of oil and higher prices for finished oil.
Figure 66: Over 80 per cent of the revenue from the sale of oil from the auxiliary services will increase, mainly because: 1) q4 is a high-season for cargo, the volume of cargo traffic will increase in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, and the volume of oil sales is expected to increase in the second half of the year, given the average daily traffic of passenger traffic, which remains high.
The price of finished oils increased marginally in the second half of the year. 3q2023,93# retail price of finished gasoline oil increased by 5% over q2, and the price of finished oil rose marginally in the second half of 2023.
The company’s real estate business, which is run by its subsidiary, Ningjian and Jan Wei, is mainly responsible for the development and sale of real estate projects. In 2021, the company’s real estate business received +65 per cent of the year, mainly because of the completion and delivery of the Swe Center project in June 2021.
Based on this, we believe that the company’s real estate business will increase significantly in 2025. Chart 72: The construction of the bridge town project is expected to be completed in 2025 (billions of dollars)
IV. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, with projected revenue from toll road operations of $9.4 billion, $10.2 billion and $11.1 billion, respectively, for the second half of the year, with the current marginal improvement in freight traffic over the previous half of the year.
In terms of vehicle revenue, it is expected that there will be a recovery in cargo traffic in the second half of the year, an increase in the ratio of trucks to trucks, and an increase in single-car revenue ring over the previous half. The Longbull Bridge and Connecting Line projects are expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will generate additional revenue after completion, so the bridge town project is expected to be completed and revenue will be recognized, leading to a significant increase in revenue.
However, owing to the decline in the price of the bridge town house in recent years, it is not expected that the camp will be able to recover in 2021. $3.9 billion was invested in the Longcang Bridge and Connecting Lines project and the Sineyi High-speed Expansion Project, thereby confirming the revenue/contribution for the construction period.
With an original construction of $3.9 billion, the Rangoon project is expected to be completed in 2024, the remaining budget is expected to be fully invested in 2024, the Sicily high-speed expansion is expected to be completed in 2026 and its budget is expected to be spread to 2024-2026, resulting in an income/cost of $6 billion for the construction period of 2024.
When the company’s ppp project is completed, construction works will be converted to solid assets and intangibles, and road billing rights will be intangibles, so the company’s fixed assets, which are included in the construction process, are expected to decline in 2025 and the intangible assets will rise.
The projected operating costs of toll road operations in 2023-2025 are $4 billion, $3.9 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively, with a significant increase in traffic by the same year; however, as a result of changes in accounting estimates, depreciation amortization costs are projected to increase by 24 per cent throughout the year 2023, not at the rate of increase in traffic.
After completion, the system maintenance van is expected to return to normal levels in 2021. Oil prices are projected to decline in 2025, as forecast by eia and others.
(1) According to company past announcements, important operating costs, such as conservation costs, occur mainly in the second half of the year: (2) higher expected revenue/cost for the construction period without Māori in the second half of the year.
The process of construction is not as fast as expected. The company’s project to cross the riverway and its project to connect the bridge is expected to be the following:
Toll rates are set by the CSD or the Treasury, and a higher-than-expected downward adjustment in the fee policy would have a significant impact on corporate profitability.
Within a week, in January, in February, in March.