The jiangsuexpressway company (60037ch) is covered for the first time: the significent localevendageofroadinfrastructuredsttabledividends
The point of view is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) where highway tolls are at the heart of the operation, and where there are significant advantages.
The triangular highway operates as a core business, and the external extension of transportation support services, new energy sources, finance, etc. is more profitable. The company is Jiangsu’s only listed road company, operating and investing approximately 910 km of high-speed miles with a total of 798 assets.
Billions of dollars and a lot of assets. The good position of the road area, the steady economic growth of the long-lying triangle, the continued inflow of people, the high level of motor vehicle holdings and the high demand for travel, have provided a strong boost to local road traffic and strong corporate profitability.
In 2023, the effects of mobility restrictions were dissipated during the epidemic, compared to the average passenger traffic in the previous three quarters.
A 76.4 per cent increase, benefiting from the return of passenger traffic to pre-epidemiological levels, was 28.26 per cent higher than in the three quarters of 2023. Given Jiangsu ' s high vehicle holdings and the prevailing economic development context, we expect to see an increase in revenue from the company ' s toll operations.
Steady and profitable; the company’s new road construction project and its road redevelopment expansion project are expected to start contributing revenues and profits on a continuous basis by the end of the month of the year. The company is actively engaged in the development of ancillary facilities with electricity sales and the gradual reduction of low-growth real estate operations.
In the financial sector, investment earnings and dividends are relatively stable. Profitability increases, dividends are stable and dividends are configured. Because of the large difference between actual and projected traffic, the company made accounting estimates for depreciation amortization in 2022.
The changes reduced the depreciation of bicycles, increased the profitability of toll operations, and increased the company ' s net profit by $176 million in 2022. After the first half of the 2023 epidemic, the flow recovered, the industry ' s Māori ratio was about 65 per cent, and the net profit rate, roe, recovered to pre-epidemic high levels.
Since the depreciation of the road is a non-payable cost, the company’s cash flow is sufficient to support the company’s dividends. The cumulative red rate since Ningjong became market is 65%, the first in the highway plate, and for five consecutive years since 18 years it has been maintained at $0.46.
Profit forecasting and valuation: after the epidemic, companies showed resilience, long-term growth in road tolls, robust growth, growth potential, stable dividends, and higher dividends. My coupons, good cash highways, have higher defensive attributes and configuration value.
The lower interest rate or the higher value of the highway plate and the high speed of Ning Qin will be given to the year 2024.