This year's report says that business is better than business, and the leading position continues to be consolidated, with the first half of 2018 when Sino-Sin securities were issued, $20 billion was collected in the first half of 2018, yoy
While stock market uncertainties are still at the bottom of the market, there is a high probability of future warming. The company is currently undervalued, maintaining a “buy-in” of $20 billion, yoy growth of 7.0% in the first half of the year, net profits of $5.6 billion, yoy
Brokering performance was stable, and net interest earnings were eroded by cost increases: while the first half of the year was influenced by financial leverage, trade wars, the deep stock market was under pressure (a 13.9 per cent decline in the above-documented index), and the market was paid $439.7 billion per day, which was almost equal to the same period last year.
Business is better than business, with $4.1 billion in commission fees and commissions achieved in the first half of the year and 2.8 per cent higher, with rapid growth in seat rentals and financial product sales (10.3 per cent, 45.8 per cent, respectively). It is worth noting that broker securities from overseas clients have outperformed individuals in the country.
The bond coupon yields interest income of $2.6 billion, while yoy increases 11.2%, roughly equivalent to that of the industry. In equity pledge, interest income of $2 billion and yoy increases of 24.1%, however, as a result of rising interest rates in financial markets, interest expenditure has risen significantly and interest differentials have been reduced.
Net interest income of $930 million and a 28.0 per cent decrease in yoy. Investments are better than peers, and strong logic is proven: due to tighter regulation and market weakness, institutional investors account for the share of liquiditya
In the first half of the year, equity financing fell by 30% to $518.8 billion. Bond financing performed well, but bond dealers had a high commission rate.
In the first half of the year, $2.9 billion was realized, while in the first half of the year, $9.3 per cent was higher than in the same line of work.
On the gold side, the net revenue from processing fees was more than 1.9 billion, with a 15.9% increase in fees, and on the scale of operations such as smooth landing corridors, which remained stable in the first half of the year and recorded 58 billion. On the investment business side, $5.3 billion was realized in the first half of the year, with fair value changes.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is based on the following figure: Figure 3: Stock financing (millions of dollars) This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not ... a personal client. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.