In the evening of August 23, China’s securities published their semi-annual report for 2018. The firm’s steady growth in the first half of 2018, when it achieved a decline, highlighted the resilience of the runners’ business.
In the context of double growth, leading the industry, and a decline in the turnover of marketers in the first half of 2018, with accumulated net profits falling by 20% over the same period, corporate revenue and net profits continued to grow at a double growth rate of 6.94%, respectively.
And 12.96%, which is significantly better than industry. We believe that the reason why companies have been growing against the market in the first half of the year is mainly because of three factors. 1) After continuous optimization in recent years, the company’s business income structure has been well balanced to better cope with the volatility of the securities environment.
The share of operating and other income was 26 per cent, with, first, investment, management, and investment in three industries recording a fair value change gain of $3.39 billion, or more than 10 times the increase. However, the net return on investment of $2.100 billion, as a result of stock market shocks, decreased significantly in the same year, owing to the loss in the disposal of part of the assets
3) Regulation supports the promotion of front-runners. In recent years, driven by institutional, international, and innovative operations, the concentration of the voucher industry has accelerated, with companies operating in each of these three segments of business with a strong and traditional advantage, with the city remaining in the lead.
In the first half of 2018, companies performed reasonably well: 1) Brokering and Capital Brokering maintained a leading position in the industry.
The rate is 7.04%, maintaining first. In the first half of the year, domestic secondary markets were over-expected for liquidity, international trade, etc., and overall trading activity was down from 2017.
In the first half of 2018, when the company completed the equity owner ' s cover on a scale of 912.15, the company ' s market position remained essentially the same as in the same period last year, and it remained the industry ' s top priority. In the case of mergers and acquisitions restructuring, the company completed a restructuring deal in the first half of the year.
22.4 billion and a market share of 8.16%, ranked third in the industry. Its projects include many single-weight transactions, such as the recapitalization of Eastern Electric Co. Ltd. and the recapitalization of China Ship Heavy Industries Co. Ltd., which further enhances the company’s market influence.
With steady growth, and given the possibility of cdr being released in the course of the year, it is clear that the company benefits from being a front-runner, and that the future share-stock market ratio is expected to increase further. 3) The size of the management is maintained first, and the management of the capital is in the lead. By the end of the first half of the year, the size of the company’s asset management was RMB 1.53 trillion.
The market share is 10.30%, of which RMB 583.2 billion, all of which rank first in the industry.
In May of this year, controls on off-site options were strengthened at the regulatory level, dividing coupons into first- and second-tier dealers.
The company, as a aa-class voucher dealer, has been evaluated as a first-tier dealer. Under this qualification, the company holds a stock hedge autonomy that allows for direct hedge trading, with greater scope for future business profits. According to the data published by the Securities Industry Association, the nominal amount of the company’s additional off-site options in January-June was $88.6 billion, with the city taking over.
The net profits of the company have been growing in double digits, the alpha attributes at the performance level are clear, the poles are high, the policy regulations are over-expected, and the stock market is subject to systemic risk.