Business leaders with policy dividends The company's traditional business leadership continues, innovation has policy dividends, has a greater competitive advantage at both the operational and policy levels, and looks to the company as a leader in future industrial change.
In the performance-led industry, the leading position is highlighted: the company ' s net profits from January-May this year totalled $33,5.7 billion, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period, and its operating income of $81.59 billion over the same period, an increase of 20 per cent over the industry average.
The amount of the loan is $22.1 billion. Equity financing totals $9.8 billion, bond underwriting takes the lead in sharing the cdr out-of-the-street cakes, leading to increased performance: now, the Chinese securities have become the first Cdr company owner and the 100-degree cdr insurance agency.
Qualitative regulation has been upgraded, and the circular of 11 May on further strengthening the regulation of off-the-shelf trading by securities companies specifies the ranking of second-tier traders. Sino-Kin became a first-tier dealer as a class aa voucher and operated as the only two first-tier traders in China during the transition period.
Capital markets are expanding, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to continue to enjoy policy dividends. The internationalization strategy is well-sighted: in recent years, China’s external tentacles have accelerated to overseas markets, with the opening of Hong Kong and the opening of deep ports.
In May of that year, the Measures for the Administration of Establishment, Acquisition, Participation in Business Institutions Abroad of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Funds (Appropriation Draft) were published, and foreign institutions will enter the Chinese market, using as a criterion the market price collected on 28 June 2018.
To accelerate the connectivity of the domestic and foreign securities industries. To take the lead as a domestic bond dealer in meeting the opportunities and challenges of foreign capital entry, Sino-Trust is expected to accelerate the development of firms’ domestic and overseas innovation business policies; the impact of market volatility on performance, valuation; and overseas market risks.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.
Figure 3. Net profit in Industry vs. Industry vs. Business income in Industry vs. Market share of stock base in Figure 5.
Figure 6. Market share of the two-mixed balances