In recent years, the CCM has published its semi-annual report for 2018, which has generated business income of $19.9 billion for company 2018h1, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period.
The firm, as the industry leader, actively pursues the objective of “Adherence to the National Strategy, the Service Entity Economy,” with a strong focus on the business, with 13.9% over 2018h1, and 18.9% below the same level of equity financing. In an unfavourable market environment, the positive growth in revenue and net profits is still being maintained, reflecting a very robust head quality.
Portfolio investment operations have grown significantly, further transforming into modern investment banks. Corporate portfolio sales of 2018h1 have increased significantly by 50.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a strong capital strength of 83.6 billion yuan in net capital. There has been a steady increase in trading, wind control and pricing capacity in such heavy asset operations as derivatives, fixed earnings, large brokers, stock self-employment and alternative investments, and a 59 per cent increase in portfolio investment spending.
With the acquisition of qualifications such as trading agents at the off-site level, the company’s transition to a modern investment bank, dominated by capital intermediaries, has accelerated. We believe that it will be a moat for the company and will be gradually integrated with the international community.
Increased investment in brokering to deepen the transformation of wealth management and institutional client services. 2018h1 The average daily turnover of shares amounted to $4.386 billion, which is only a steady increase from the \triangleright gold rate in 2017 to 3.79 per 10,000 caliber of the parent company.
To $430 million, the wealth management business has become a closed circle, virtuous circle, for investing in + channels + products + customers. The company is a model for institutional customer services and constantly increases the agency client ratio: the agency client ratio has increased by 6 to 48.8% compared to the same year. I am in a good position. As a result of higher spending, the company ' s brokerage profit rate has fallen by 11.5 percentage points from the same time, and we consider it to be less profitable.
Rates are either normal, and service diversification and customer stickyness will replace traditional trading routes as a more central competitiveness. Figure 2: Net revenue from medium-sized securities brokerage operations is measured at a strategic harvest period for large-scale projects, which will continue to support the Bank’s share of consolidated status harvests.
In the case of mergers and acquisitions, in the first half of 2018, companies were listed as participating in M & As transactions involving Chinese enterprises.
“Services, balance retail” financial management is more resilient. The size of SCM’s active management is higher than the size of the top 20 securities in total, rising from 17.6% in the first quarter of last year to 19.2% in q1 in the current year.
Good performance resilience. Three main logics are: first, active management capacity is prominent, with companies reporting an end-of-year proactive management of 583.2 billion yuan, ranked first in the market, accounting for 38% of total size; second, there is a very small contribution ratio to the Chinese Portal operations, and, on the basis of published data, about 950 billion yuan in real access operations in 2018h1 contributed about $460 million, representing only 2.3% of the credit securities in 2018h1.
Third, the management of Sino-Sint securities has a very good institutional customer base. Institutional clients are characterized by the long-term nature of their cooperation, which gives them more swing space when they resist market contractions. In addition, the company announced another 600 million net profits for the first half of the year.
12.2 per cent, which further underpins the overall performance of the corporate portfolio. \triangleright expanded to proactively manage business risks. 2018h1 capital intermediation decreased significantly by 21.1 per cent, while net interest income also fell.
The risk is manageable and is not expected to affect the company’s performance during the year. Self-employed asset allocation and equity debt market splits, using derivatives flexibly to achieve the desired benefits.
The share of self-equity in net capital is 31.8 per cent. It is only 1.45 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year. The share of self-supporting income in net capital is compatible.
We look forward to the control and market expansion capabilities of Sino-China securities in the current market environment, especially the company, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern financial intelligence.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
I've been working for years at Tseng, Yunfeng Finance, Hong Kong.
In 2018, he joined the Eung Xing Stock Exchange to study the non-banking financial sector. The researcher's own opinion is that any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies