A combination of power industries leading, with a focus on maintaining strong performance - mid-2018 mid-year review of SCM securities - Summary Review/Non-Bank Finance
On August 23, 2018, the Sino-Kinji Securities issued a semi-annual report, which achieved operating income of 19.9 billion yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent, resulting in net profit of 5.57 billion yuan, an increase of 13 per cent, net profit from non-return, an increase of 9 per cent per share, a positive growth in net profits, and a strong growth in aggregate strength in the industry environment of pressure.
During the first half of the year, when the pace of refinancing slowed and markets went down, and when the overall performance of the stockbrokers was under pressure, the CCM achieved business income of 19.990 billion yuan, returning to its mother ' s net profit of 5.57 billion yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively, which was significantly better than the negative growth of the marketer ' s business data for the months of January-June.
The net capital of 83.6 billion yuan is a leader in the industry, combined strength drives robust growth, and the industry is a strong leader. Traditional business remains a leader in the industry, with investment revenue growing by 50% \triangleright
Income from operations in the first half of the year: 1) Brokerage revenue fell by 1.5% on a year-on-year basis, stock-based trading city ranked first in the industry, finance consultant involved in trading size of $22.4 billion, and industry ranked third. 3) Financial management operations. Financial derivatives instruments have grown significantly in size and fair value changes, making a significant contribution to current profits.
In the case of innovative operations, Sino-Portfolio securities maintain a leading industrial competitive position, 1.) the balance of financing coupons is $64.7 billion, with a 7% market share, and is ranked first among the industries in terms of derivatives business.
Billion dollars. The company's official approval of off-site trading qualifications on 1 August will give further impetus to the company's derivatives, III. Prospectives and proposals for investment.
Repairs. The proactive management capacity under the new regulations is prominent, and business transformation development is firmly based. The classification rating for 2018 will continue to be maintained as aa, and will continue to benefit from the support of the “diplomatic and poor” policy.
The Fly Rings are down, still looking at the risk of new repairs.
3. Silver Weekly Report 2018006: Trade frictions Volatility in capital markets, flat valuations down Summary of forecast data on corporate financial statements
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from Xian Transport University, worked in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, and was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the civil securities programme. Chen Xiaojun, a PhD in business law from the Chinese Social and Economic Institute, and a post-doctor in financial science. In 2017, he joined the civil securities programme.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.