Self-employed brokers have performed well, leading bygone growth in performance □ events: Sino-Sin securities published their semi-annual report in 2018, generating business income of $19,993 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 6.94 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $5,565 million, an increase of 12.96 per cent in the same year.
□ Derivative trading drives self-employment growth. In the first half of the year, the company’s own business focused on improving position management and risk control, using a variety of gold instruments and derivatives flexibly to hedge risks. In August this year, the Sino-Sin securities became published by the Securities Association.
In the future, one of the seven off-the-shelf level traders is expected to further strengthen the Department’s capacity to run its own business and institutional services through derivatives trading, leading to revenue growth. □ Institutionalized layout facilitates a reverse growth in brokering.
With $4.12 billion in revenue, an increase of 281 per cent over the same period (6.38 per cent for the industry as a whole) and 20.91 per cent for income, the negative growth in the revenue of middle-income securities brokers largely benefited from the higher share of institutional clients.
Contribution. In the first half of the year, the stock-base stock exchange rate rose from 5.72 per cent to 6 per cent in the same period last year, while commission rates were maintained at 5.97, stable stock-base turnover and higher commission rates guaranteed 15.04 per cent of the company ' s brokerage operations, the market balance continued to shrink, and stock pledge operations were at constant risk.
The size of the pledge was reduced from $78 billion at the end of 1700 to $59.4 billion, and in response to the risk of stock pledge, a new credit write-off of $702 million was introduced in the first half of the year, which was more robust, highlighting the company ' s prudent accounting policy and firm net assets.
□ Investment recommendations: As a front-runner, the performance of CS securities is significantly better than industry averages. The Department’s own strategy of institutionalization and good trading self-employment benefits from the current financial environment, and future cdr gives a “recommended” rating for CS (600030).
Chart 1: Chart 2 of the certificate p-band: The pb-band point in the letter. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.