On July 12, 2018, the Chinese Portfolio issued its semi-annual performance bulletin for 2018. Companies achieved 19.980 billion percentage points of operating income in the first half of 2018. Assets totalled $658 billion, an increase of 5.18 per cent.
Brokering: In the first half of 2018, an average of $438.6 billion per day was traded, a 0.5 per cent increase. In the second half of 2018, the stock-based turnover of Sino-Portables fell by $76 trillion per quarter. In the second quarter, the size of Sino-Portuguese ' s active management in the total size of the top 20 dealers was three times more logical than last quarter: the first was the prominence of active management capacity, and among the top 5 dealers in the first quarter of 2018, the owner of the Sino-Trust securities was in the top five.
The second is the low rate of revenue from Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sin securities operations, which, according to published data, contributed about 840 million yuan, representing only 1.9 per cent of mid-2017 Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinse operations.
Business has a very good institutional customer base. Corporate clients are characterized by the long-term nature of their cooperation, which allows bonders more room for swings when they resist market contraction.
Against a backdrop of excesses and high demand, the strategy of the large-scale high-end projects that the Bank has been pursuing continues to show its strength. (In the event of the elimination of large-scale financing by the Industrial Union, the ipo of the CSQ has risen to around 12%.)2 Heavy-asset operations have benefited from the expansion of market size and the ideal bond scenario.
The unrepressed market value of the pledge was 6.2% of the total market value of a share, an increase of about 3 percentage points from 3.3% in the same period last year. The average financing cost of the intermediate bond was about 4.1% (as reported in 2017) significantly lower than the average financing cost of 4.9% of the listed securities, further raising the interest differential income.
The share of net capital is 150%, so, on balance, the ideal performance of the bond market will be weak, despite the decline in the a-share market. The directional self-employment ratio of the middle-trust securities is low, and it will be limited by the decline in the stock market.
The number of companies that require a single stock pledge of no more than 50% is 16. The stock of the 16 companies did not appear in the certificate, and we believe that the risk of stock pledge in the table of the stock pledge is reasonably manageable. We count and test the pledge of the security in question, assuming an initial pledge rate of 40%, a flat-line rate of 130%, based on the latest collection on June 28, 2018.
If further consideration is given to the new pledge requirement that the single security pledge should not exceed 50%, we believe that the current pledge, which touches flat-line stocks, begins in 2014, and that the buy-back financial asset of the Chinese security has accumulated an asset loss of 560 million.
So we believe that the real impact of the risk of impairment of the stock pledge of the middle-trust securities is very limited, reflecting a better level of stock pledge control: first, 5.2% for the one-time net profit effect for one year, whereas in practice it may need to be determined flatly for different periods. Second, the ratio
For example, in the most pessimistic state of theory, the pledge of a high proportion of the stock can be supplemented by other ways to avoid losses. Finally, the current point in our calculations is a relatively low market, with the possibility of rebounding and warming.
4. The FOB market-level trader qualification and the new economic business will provide a new dynamic for the company’s performance in the second half of the year
Since 2018, the nominal capital market for the accumulated off-site options of the CCM securities has been 32.8 per cent, up from 23 per cent for the whole of 2017, and is expected to increase further in the second half of 2018. Also, due to the growth in the size of the structural deposits of commercial banks, the nominal capital on off-site rights since 2018 will be added to the operations in table 1:
Given the delay in the release of Micdr, the company’s performance would be further enhanced in the second half of 2018 if it were to land. At the same time, we continue to look at the process of future internationalization and the market prospects of cdd. We believe that the cdd has the potential to contribute an annual premium of $900 million to $3 billion in sales revenue over the next decade.
As a result, we expect Sino-Sino securities to receive nearly 30% of the market’s insurance proceeds. We see Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoes’ market expansion capacity in the current market environment, in particular the delay in the drop of the company’s cdr, the slowdown in internationalization, and the further contraction of market turnover.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. The top ten (seventh) prizes for the excellent combination of the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award. The second name for the 2012 prize. The 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are 3rd with Accurate Real Estate Industry".
In 2018, he joined the Eung Xing securities industry in the non-banking financial sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.