Traditional business niches are strong, and the innovative business sector leads.
On 12 July, the CSV issued its semi-annual performance bulletin for 2018, which achieved operating income of $19,976 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 6.9 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit to the mother of $5,586 million, an increase of 13.4 per cent in the same year, and a net asset of $12.4 per share, with strong strength, robust performance and strong industry dominance.
In January-June 2018, there was a decline in the turnover of securities dealers, with a cumulative net profit of 20% over the same period. In this case, the company maintained a good operating and prominent industry leadership, with both recovery and net profits growing at 6.9% and 13.4%, respectively, significantly better than the industry level. The net return to the mother grew by 16.9% in the first quarter and increased in the second quarter.
In terms of business structure, corporate performance in the first half of the year has benefited from the industry ' s leading operational strength: 1) by the end of the year, the Unit has shown good performance resilience compared to the depth of 300
By the end of 2017, the entrusted assets were the leading sector of 1.6 trillion yuan, with a pre-emptive advantage in the derivatives business in the first quarter of 2018, with cdr landings expected to raise investment performance 1) increased regulation of off-site options operations in May, and first- and second-tier trader stratification of securities companies.
Until qualifications are recognized, only China Gold Company and Sino-Sinse securities are able to operate as compared to first-tier traders. As of April 2018, the nominal principal of the company ' s off-site derivatives was 16.36 billion yuan, the second largest in the industry, and it is expected that derivatives ' advantages will boost the company ' s performance.) It is expected to stabilize with cdr in the second half of the year.
Step-by-step implementation, corporate leadership, promising to take the lead in benefiting from the growth of business.
The net profit from the magnanimous source is growing and the performance is distinctly differentiated. The downside valuation of the bond market is currently low, with the value of the configuration shown. As a large consolidated bond dealer, the traditional business advantage of the Sino-Portfolio portfolio is strong, the innovation business remains industry-led, performance is resilient and robust in a market-deep environment, and growth is clearly defined, with ps expected for the period 2018-2020.
People's silver weekly report 20180702: Stock of coupons has recovered, and attention has been paid to the restoration of the valuation of the non-monetary shares.
Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Large State Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics.
Chen Xing, a PhD in Business Law and Finance, and a PhD in Finance. In 2017, the author joined the Chinese Securities Institute (CSI) with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,