The power grid's second-stage equipment, the digitalization and storage of energy intelligence can bring new opportunities to the company.
Recently, the National Energy Agency released its Opinions on Accelerating the Development of Digital Intelligent Energy, which states that the construction of new power systems will be supported by digital intelligence grids, exploring the applications of artificial intelligence and digital twin-breeding for grid-aided decision-making and regulation, and advancing the basis for the development of digital intelligence.
Data-driven temporary grid stabilization intelligence assessment and early warning, enhancement of grid simulation analysis capabilities, support for secure and stable operation of the grid, improvement of load forecasting, precision measurement and new power load intelligent management, promotion of stratification aggregation of load side resources and co-optimal management, acceleration of load side resource participation in system regulation; development of a monitoring system for measurement and accounting of electrical carbon, and promotion of the interface between electricity and carbon market data to support energy lines
The country’s new vision of ICTs: 1) the company is the domestic power grid’s secondary equipment leader, with a leading market position and share in the areas of grid automation, regulatory systems, relay protection, superhigh voltage, transmission of electricity, etc., and is expected to grow in the light of the digitally intelligent development of the grid.
The Division has been in the top three of the industry in the bidding for grid-filled power posts, and has been in the first line of industry in the field of smart meters, leading the industry in the field of high-power igbt. The company has built itself into a system of fast-moving electrochemical storage systems with a deep electrical secondary system of control, with the exception of batteries. 3) In 2023, the country is expected to invest more than $52 billion in power grids, create a new high in history, and the grid will be built to feed power grids and power grids.
The company will benefit fully from the resonance of the distribution grid, which will benefit from the recharger, smart meter, electrical and chemical storage industry, and the company is expected to achieve a new power grid second-time equipment leader, the digital intelligence development of energy support. The company was established in February 2001, with the Nanxi Group as the main sponsor, and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in October 2003 as a national power grid.
The first publicly listed company in the company’s system was recapitalized twice in 2013 and 2017. The country’s electric power provider is the energy Internet as a whole solution that transforms energy into nuclear energy. It is the leading company in the field of energy, electricity and industrial control.
Technology such as block chains, provision of hardware and software products, integrated solutions and application services for industries and customers such as electricity grids, power generation, orbital transport, water, municipal utilities, industrial and mining, corporate business development and the direction of related industries, scale of investment, investment structure and technological upgrades, etc.
The changes in orbital traffic protection and electrical automation were grid automation, power generation and new energy sources, energy conservation and environmental protection, industrial control (including orbital traffic) and asset restructuring in 2017: reorganization of assets with the National Institute of Networked Electricity, the Nanse Group, additional relay protection and flexible transmission of power from the main battalion operations, automated communications from electricity, and automated hydropower operations.
Since 2019: The company has been involved in the development and application of electronic power semiconductors for electricity through a controlled and participatory approach, and has now completed demonstration applications for 1,200v, 1700v, and 3300vigbt products, and the autonomous development of 4500vigbt has been certified as a full-scale test and limit test.The Triannual Report, 51.48 per cent of the shares are held directly by the South Swe Group, and 56.90 per cent of the shares are held indirectly by the State Assets Supervisory Board of the State Council.
After decades of autonomous innovation and industrial development, the country’s electricity and electricity industry has developed into four major operational sectors: grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission, power self-motivated information and communication, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, with one research institute, four departments, 15 branches, and 26 subsidiaries.The company’s main executives have a high level of education and is constantly engaged in electricity system automation, grid secondary systems and equipment technology and management.
In order to further improve the corporate corporate governance structure, develop a well-balanced value distribution system, motivate the core employees of the company to work diligently and in good faith, guarantee steady improvement in corporate performance, ensure the achievement of corporate development strategies and business objectives, and introduce a restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2021, with a high overall quality of 86.43 per cent of staff in undergraduate and higher education.
In March 2023, the National Energy Agency issued " Some Opinions on Accelerating the Development of Digital Intelligent Energy Development " , which states that the construction of new power systems will be supported by digitalized smart grids, exploring the applications of artificial intelligence and digital twines in grid-enabled decision-making and regulation, and promoting data-driven temporary stabilization smart assessments and early warning of grid-based grids, enhancing grid simulation capabilities and supporting their safe and stable operation;
Workload forecasting accuracy and new power load intelligent management levels, promoting stratification of load side resources, synergizing management, accelerating push, involving load side resources in system regulation, developing systems for monitoring electrocarbon measurement and accounting, facilitating the interlinking of data between electricity and carbon markets, and supporting carbon footprint monitoring and analysis in the energy sector. Companies, as second-tier equipment and systems pioneers in the national grid, are developing digital intelligence in the grid.
It is expected that new opportunities will emerge. Figure 4: Structure of the company’s employees’ education (in %)
Network automation and industrial control. Major products include grid safety stabilization analysis and control, grid movement automation, electricity market, smart transformer power stations, smart distribution grids, source network charge storage, coordinated control, smart power and new power load management systems, electric car charging, smart fire protection, grid intelligence transmission, etc.
The only supplier in the field of internal power systems and their automation that can provide a whole-of-industry chain of products and integrated solutions is the international leader in integrated power, who is at the forefront of the market. With the construction of new power systems, the company's new generation of movement control technical support systems has been piloted in six provinces (municipalities) and officially operated in Jiangsu.
All right, a new generation of electric information-gathering systems is operational in six provinces (city) including Anhui, and a second batch of six pilot projects in the power spot market are operational. A new power load management system, developed autonomously, is operational in 11 provinces (city) and is operational in the provinces with integrated load precision control systems.
Major projects such as the new load management system, the Zhejiang secondary system, the first cloud metering platform and the new generation of metering automation in the south of the net, the company’s advantages in the field of grid automation have expanded to completely new downstream needs such as electricity markets, new loads, etc. Major products include power control protection, switch valves, straight flow breakers, fixed and controlled chain compensatory, controlled high voltage and combined power resisters, non-functional
Compensation devices (svc) and static synchronisers (statcom), centralized and distributed uniform current controllers, failure current limitrs, etc. In the area of relay protection, a whole series of relay protection products, ranging from medium to low to super-high voltage, are pioneers and industry leaders in domestic high-voltage grid relay protection techniques. In the field of flexible transmission, companies have high voltage switch valves, straight flow breakers, control protection systems, and current voltage high speeds.
Key equipment, such as measuring devices, has an overall international lead. In flexible direct flow, corporate products include superhigh pressure direct flow/soft direct flow valves, straight flow breakers, straight flow control systems, flexible communication, corporate products include collusive (fsc/tcsc), short-circuit current limitrs (fcl), static inactivity generators (svg).
From historical data, companies have a market share of about 42% of the switch valves, with a market share of up to 80% in 2019; in the direct-flow control protection system, the country has a market share of about 50%, with a clear advantage. The firm’s flexible direct-flow valves have achieved an international leader in water igbt. The company’s igbt project is still in the construction phase, but significant progress has been made in forming a ladder-connected technological reserve and product series.
3300 vigbt operated in Xiamen, 1700 vigbt demonstrated operations at the Mégou wind farm in Hunan, 4500 vigbt operated through reliability and plant, and Figure 5: Map of a new generation of dispatch technology support systems, Figure 6: Major products in the field of flexible corporate transmission
The company is mainly involved in the development of products for information, communication and security in electrical systems, equipment manufacturing, system integration, engineering installation and service consultancy, and covers the production management of grids, movement control, electricity marketing, infrastructure development, network and information security, integrated information and communications control, communications equipment and systems, information and communication systems integration and transport, real-time databases, etc.
The company has control protection and grid-connection solutions for various types of power generation, such as electric power, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, photovoltaics, pumping water, storage and distributed energy. At the same time, it has rapidly developed power generation to adapt to new energy sources.
As needed, the company has developed a full production line with a network-based storage energy series, including a centralized wind cooling system, a modular liquid cold storage system, a high-pressure high-voltaic storage system, etc., and has achieved a scale application at home and abroad, which has strongly supported the construction of a new power system. The 7mw offshore wind currents are being applied in the Guangdong Yangtze River, and the storage of energy transformers form a series of products, and the plc has increased its use for hydropower, wind power and wind power.
In the areas of orbits, industrial controls, and intelligent sensors, the application of new energy booster stations, etc. Major engineering projects are well under way. Full-scale support is being provided. Projects such as the White Crane Beach I River Sou, the Dragon Dynasty Re-engineering, and the Bay of Australasia direct flow back-to-back project are scheduled to be launched.
In recent years, companies have continued to build up their capacity for science, technology and innovation, accelerate research and development on new products from the grid and upgrade the company's core products, increase the level of ownership of core sectors, participate fully in the construction of relevant pilot projects and lead the way in technological development; and focus on the external and internal markets of the grid and actively promote the development of technology.
A new generation of major projects, such as a new generation of dispatches, regulatory clouds, a new generation of collectors, a new generation of live power stations, a power spot market, a secondary power station system, etc., has been launched to speed up the expansion of new operations such as digital switch stations, direct-flow grids, smart terminals, etc. In 2017-2021, the company ' s operating income was 15% cagr, with a net return of 48%.
On a more seasonal basis, downstream customers of company products and services are dominated by grid companies, power generation companies, and have a rigorous annual plan procurement system, with annual procurement plans approved in the first quarter of each year, delivery and delivery concentrated in the second and third quarters, and revenue recognition concentrated in the fourth quarter, followed by the highest rates of power protection and flexible transmission.
During the first half of 2022, the electricity network automation and industrial control operations grew mainly as a result of industry investment, leading to an increase in the scale of revenues; the relay protection and flexible transmission operations benefited mainly from an increase in the size of the flexible transmission operations, but the ratio of operations such as information and communications operations in electricity automation and interest communication operations increased as a result of changes in the structure of the products to be implemented by the project; and the power generation and water and environmental services were mainly in the magnetic, thermal and electrical sectors.
The growth in revenues from energy-saving rental operations in the ICF and other sections, both in size and gross value, is slightly higher than the target value, and the real value in 2021 is the same as the target. Billion dollars. Companies will continue to strengthen cost-efficiency controls to manage efficiency gains, capture receivables, and reduce costs.
Costs decreased with faster growth in corporate incomes in 2018-2021; companies placed a high priority on R & D inputs, with R & D costs remaining more than 50 per cent of the cost of direct materials in each of the company ' s four major business segments, except for integration and other operations, with the cost of direct materials in the relay protection and flexible transmission industries being the highest, exceeding 75 per cent. Direct material costs changed in 2018-2021, mainly as a result of changes in business structures.
The share of sub-category operations has changed, as a result of changes in the prices of upstream raw materials. Since 2017, companies have been selling Māori and net interest rates have stabilized at 28 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively.
Direct flow (vsc-hvdc) refers to a direct transmission technology with full control of the gbt as the core power device. The advantages of the superhigh pressure flow include: 1. High transmission capacity, high voltage; 2. Good resistance, low loss of flow valves, and high stability and reliability of transmission operations. The disadvantages include: 1. Power device shutdown is uncontrollable, sensitive to communication systems, and easy to replace; 2.
Installation of filtering devices to eliminate collusive waves. Special high voltage straight-flow technology is technologically mature and widely applied, and our current direct-flow transmission project is dominated by ultra-high-voltage high-voltage direct-flow transmissions. The advantages of flexible straight-flows include: 1. Powerless devices can be shut down and can achieve powerless coupling control; 2. no exchange side is required to provide a switch flow; 3.
Shortcomings include the higher cost of equipment, lower transmission capacity, higher loss on currents, and so on. As a result of the more robust power control, there is a greater technical advantage in the provision of electricity on isolated islands, in the build-up of urban distribution networks, and in large-scale offshore wind-connection.
The main costs of the ultra-high-pressure straight-flow project include three components: basic earth construction, iron towers and core equipment, with 50 per cent per cent per cent per transformer, 27 per cent switch valve and 12 per cent per guis in core equipment; the main cost of the flexible straight-flow project is to switch station equipment and 58 per cent per cent switch valve/flux transformer in the switch-station equipment and 23 per cent per cent change press. In contrast to the ultra-high-pressure straight flow, the gbt switch valve in the soft-line project is partly import-dependent and priced.
As a result, the cost of the domestic flexible straight-flow project is high; as an example, the power end uses a conventional switch valve, the end end uses a conventional switch valve + a soft-direct switch valve, and the project invests nearly $50 billion, and the Bitt high-pressure straight-flow project is nearly $30 billion higher. So far, quality enterprises, including the U.S.S., Xu, etc., have the capacity to match the flexible flow valves, control protection and so forth, and Igbt's self-sufficiency.
As power rises, the future economics of soft technologies are expected to increase further, driving the application of scale. Figure 25: Splitting the investment structure of flexible straight-flow projects (in units: per cent) Firms are in the lead in the field of direct-flow electricity transmission. According to data from the national e-commerce platform, the company ' s overall share in the direct-flow high-pressure market in 2021
In the first place, the city accounted for 51.2 per cent of the total, and in the sub-products, the companies ' winning share in the switch valve/direct-flow control protection units was 57.6 per cent and 52.0 per cent, respectively, and the country ' s highest ranking. In 2021, the country ' s net-trend-high-pressure high-pressure equipment won 98.7 per cent of cr3, of which cr3 was up to 89.1 per cent, and the upper-flow control guard was up to 97.7 per cent.
First in the country. Figure 31: Market share of State grid protection equipment in 2021 (in %) Figure 32: Market share of State grid surveillance equipment in 2021 (in %)
In 2021, the company's market share was 5.1 per cent in the area of net access switches, fifth in the area of net access, and first in the area of equipment. The company's market share was 46 per cent in the area of national network protection equipment and 29 per cent in the area of national network surveillance equipment, all of which were ranked first. Companies, as second-rate companies in the electricity network, were consistently ranked first.
In 2023, the number of ultra-high-voltage direct-flow jobs was expected to record, with the national grid planned to invest 2.4 trillion yuan during the “14th Five-Year” period, the southern grid planned to invest about 670 billion yuan, and the combined investment of two major grid companies would amount to 3.07 trillion yuan. In terms of investment, the national grid focused on super-pressure, while the south grid focused on grid distribution.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan of the National Electricity Network, which involves the construction of super-high-voltage projects “24 to 14 straight” involving more than 30,000 kilometres of lines, a total of 340 million kilowatts of converted current capacity, with a total investment of 380 billion dollars, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the total investment of 280 billion yuan in super-voltage. With regard to the Southern grid, it is expected that the planned investment in grid distribution during the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan will reach 32 billion yuan, or about 48 per cent of the total investment.
In 2022, as a result of multiple rounds of transmission of the epidemic, investment in the grid was only 501.2 billion yuan a year, down from the expected level, while investment in the electricity grid was relatively small, reaching 72.8 billion yuan a year, and was again unprecedented, with a further increase in investment in the grids/power sources. In January this year, the country’s electricity grid was clearly stated that investment in the grid was expected to exceed 520 billion yuan a year.
With the significant increase in the capacity of new energy installed in 2022-2025, the need for investment on the side of the ultra-high voltage and distribution grid will become a key link in the long-term decision on the share of new energy installed and generated. Figure 33: National grids, “135” of the Southern grid versus “145” grid investments (in billions of dollars)
Figure 35: Annual investment completion in grid engineering (in billions of yuan) Ultrahigh voltage communication applies to high-capacity transmissions at close distances, which can be used as a substitute for ultra-high-voltage communication grids for the backbone of the transmission; ultra-high-voltage flow applies to large-capacity transmissions at long distances, often used for large-scale evacuations of new energy sources with a clear link to the grid. Thus, ultra-high-voltage direct flow is “large”.
In January of 2022, the National Energy Agency, in a letter on commissioning the 14th Planner's Water Winds and Argumentation of Power Supplying Channels, for the first time, proposed the 14th Five-Year Period as a “Fifteen-Fifteens” energy base, such as Water Winds, which is planned to be built in “3-D9”
In 2022, the National Electricity Network planned to start a total of 13 high-pressure lines “10 to 3 straight” in 2022, but was affected by the epidemic, but only “5 to 0 straight” in 2022, and the pace of implementation was lower than expected. According to the latest national grid plan, “5 to 2 straight” and “6” were expected to be approved in 2023.
In March 2023, the National Power grid super-high-pressure company issued a plan for annual centralized purchases, and the super-high-pressure construction sub-company is expected to complete a total of four centralized purchases in April/July/October, respectively. Since 2023, the direct flow of high-pressure 800kv and the first “windlight storage integration” in the country has been completed.
In conjunction with the national grid, the Southern grid plan, and the current development of the super-high-pressure project, we expect 5/4/4 metrics for the national ultra-high-pressure direct-flow project in 2023-2025, and 5/4/5 for the start of the project, and 0/3/6 for the delivery; and the approval of the national ultra-high-pressure exchange project for 2023-2025.
On the international front, there is pressure for economic growth to decline, and countries around the world generally increase their investment in infrastructure to drive economic development and employment, with electricity.
The company’s annual operating income and the volume of new orders continue to rise. The electricity transfer and distribution facilities in advanced regions of the overseas market, such as Europe and North America, have been operating for many years, with larger transformations and more room for change; and the electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc., is lagging behind, with greater opportunities for new business.
Soft direct currents are subject to higher costs and lower transmission capacity, but they have high application value in the areas of power supply on isolated islands, synchronous grids, as well as ocean wind power, because of the advantages of flexible direct flow to build voltage, functional/non-functional coupling.
The biggest difference between offshore wind power and other transmission sites is that the transmission medium is submarine cables rather than an empty line, that there are more serious problems with submarine transmissions and higher recharge power, and that increase as the transmission distance increases. Based on relevant literature, it is generally believed that the flexible direct transfer programme is more economical and reliable than the exchange delivery programme when the offshore wind project is offshore at a distance of more than 100 km.
Outside, the same-capacity wind farm is sent out with a flexible direct flow that can save a lot of the sea-cable route. As the capacity of the sea-based wind-loading machine continues to grow, this is an important factor to be considered in the planning of large-scale sea-based wind power.
In February 2023, the National Energy Agency announced that it would introduce the Deep Sea Wind Management Scheme, which we expect will gradually move to Deep Blue at the end of the 14th century.
A steady increase in the share of flexible direct transfer modes will be achieved.The company’s major business plates are projected as follows: I. Automation of the grid and industrial control: mainly electricity conversion automation, distribution automation, the use of electrical information capture systems, chargeposts, smart meters, etc.
Products such as grid regulation systems, power spot trading systems, industrial controls, etc. 1. The demand for transform/distribution automation and electrical information-gathering systems as a whole increases steadily with grid investment and macroeconomic growth; 2. The main national grid charging stations and utility-type charging stations, which are the main appliance of grid-filled plant products, are expected to grow faster under new infrastructure; and 3. Smart electricity tables are growing equally well with the new generation of smart meters based on the ir46 standard.
4; grid control systems and power spot trading systems are currently in the pilot phase and will be applied throughout the country; 5, industrial control products, and 2, relay protection and flexible transmission of electricity: mainly covering two operational units, namely, relay protection and flexible transmission, and the electrical and chemical storage operations are currently included here. 1 Relay protection is widely applied to transmission and distribution systems, and demand is highly related to grid infrastructure investment and macroeconomic growth and is expected to be long-term.
Employing natural growth during the period. 2. A flexible transmission covers ultra-high-voltage straight currents, flexible direct-flow valves and control protection systems, flexible communication and electrical equipment, III. Automated information systems for electricity: mainly grid production management systems, database systems, network safety systems, network communications, etc., IV. Power generation and hydro-environmental protection: mainly hydro-information systems, hydropower, electric power, water pumping systems for magnets, control systems, wind currents, etc.
After a slight decline in the company's sales costs, management costs, R&D costs as the scale of sales expands, it is expected that the company's business characteristics will continue to decline slightly, and we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company's reasonable value range.
The company is the first in the industry in the field of smart meters, and with its deep power secondary system control technology, the company began a system integration operation, with the exception of batteries, with self-contained links. In 2023, the country’s grid was expected to invest more than $52 billion, creating a historic high, power grid-building capability.
In addition, the company is expected to start a new round of rapid development, benefiting from the power grid, smart meters, and the energy storage industry. Using the fcfe valuation method, the firm’s absolute value range is $30.57-34.69.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive to equity capital costs than to constant growth rates, the table below shows the sensitivity of companies to changes in absolute valuations between these two factors.
Closely, such secondary electrical, flat-high electrical, with charge-post-related operations and new storage-related operations with electrical, thought-source electrical, the companies mentioned above have been selected as comparable companies, since, firstly, companies have a higher market share than comparable companies in areas such as grid automation, flexible direct transmission, relay protection, etc.;
Second, the company has a very high market share in the new generation of grid regulation systems, power spot trading systems, etc., and is expected to continue in the future as the electricity market moves forward to promote the company ' s position as a secondary hub for the grid, with a higher degree of certainty about future growth, and, third, the company ' s relatively strong technical power and command-order acquisition capacity in the field of electrical and chemical storage; fourth, the company ' s self-research of high-power igbt for many years is expected to be applied in both grid and non-grid areas;
Fifthly, the company is well run, well-regulated, and its performance continues to grow steadily. For these reasons, we believe that in 2023 there was a very high market share in the area of the combined regulatory system and the power spot trading system, and that it was in the first echelons in the field of chargeposts, smart meters; in 2022, the company’s energy storage system was growing rapidly and orders were released rapidly; and the company had studied the igbt itself for many years, and it was expected that it would be widely applied to the grid and non-electricity in the future.
The valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of equity funds, the assumption of a constant growth rate for Benke and the choice of valuation parameters for comparable companies, all of which included many individual judgements, which in turn led to the risk of bias in the valuation, as follows:
1. The risk of high free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, leading to optimistic valuations;2 the greater impact of equity fund cost ke on the company ' s valuation, the risk-free rate of 2.80 per cent, and the equity risk premium that we have used in calculating ke
6.50 per cent of the extractions are likely to be low, resulting in lower values for ke, resulting in the risk of overvaluation of the company;3 We assume that after 10 years the company ' s tv growth rate will be 2.2 per cent, the downstream industries of the company ' s products will include, inter alia, electricity systems, charge pads, electrochemical storage, power generation from new sources, etc., and are now growing well, with higher downstream demand, but in the future there is a risk that industry growth will slow or even decline.
(b) Relative valuation: we focus primarily on the company's 23-year valuation, using as a reference the average of 23 years compared to the average of 23 years, and ultimately judge the company's 23-year reasonablepe to be between 28 and 30 times higher. There is a risk that the above valuation method is: comparable companies are selected, and there are differences in downstream applications among companies.
The digitalization of the grid is not as fast as expected: the company is at the forefront of the secondary equipment industry, and its operations are closely linked to the information and digitalization of the grid, and there is a risk that the company’s revenues and profits will be overestimated if the grid-related construction progress is not as fast as expected.
Investment in the grid has fallen short of expectations: the pace of investment in the grid has had a significant impact on the performance of companies, and the speed of growth in the performance of firms may be affected if the pace or amount of investment in the grid is lower than expected.
The ultra-high-voltage straight-flow project is not as fast as expected: the company ' s revenue from flexible transmission plate operations is mainly derived from ultra-high-voltage straight currents, closely related to the approval of related projects, tendering, construction progress, and there is a risk that the company ' s performance in flexible transmission operations will be overestimated if the project moves at a slower pace than expected.
A significant increase in raw material prices carries the risk of overvaluation of the Maori rate. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author