Improved supply and demand, higher oil prices, delayed performance Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company ' s operating income was 30.970 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the company ' s shareholders on the market was 1.55 billion yuan, a decrease of 42.4 per cent in the same year, and a basic gain of 0.16 yuan per share.
Supply and demand structures continued to improve and the growth rate of revenue grew: in the first quarter of 2017, the demand for aviation increased in the South, overall passenger traffic increased by 12.6 per cent over the same period, domestic and international passenger traffic increased by 12.5 per cent, respectively, and some international line capacity was transferred back home, with an overall, domestic and internationally available kilometre-on-year increase.
1. “The impact of the devaluation of the renminbi has diminished, the demand and supply has begun to warm-down-South exchange rates have steadily reduced financial costs, and the large increase in oil prices has slowed performance: first quarter of 2017, the renminbi.
Steady, with a greater appreciation than in the first quarter of 2016, and an expected increase in exchange rate earnings, resulting in a reduction in financial costs. 2. " Acceleration acceleration, strategic cooperation to open international routes - South 180 million dollars less. "
Large. Southern air operations cost $26.4 billion, or 21.0 per cent, faster than the recovery rate, resulting in gross 3. " Warm domestic supply and demand and higher relative exchange rate gains " .
4. A Slower Growth of the Domestic Lines, Decreasing the Performance of Exchange Losses, and the Company ' s Performance may Back Up. Slip-South Airlines Review, 2016.8.30.
There is still potential in the domestic market, and international routes are being laid off: from the third quarter of 2016, when the demand for domestic routes came together, the four main hubs, the biggest beneficiaries of air heating -- there was a marked warming up, public business travel increased after the second quarter of 2017, and domestic demand went beyond that.
It is expected that fare prices will be boosted by the rising rate of tourist arrivals during the season. On the international front, the speed with which the South Air has become more mixed, and the introduction of a strategic investment in American Airlines in March this year, will be effective in helping Southern aviation to open up the North American market and extend it to the United States inland at no cost. In addition, companies continue to install Asian tourist routes, one.
Quarterly opening of the Beijing-Hu Chi Minh, Shenzhen-Gian, Wuhan-Dalian-Osaka, Changchun-Nongya, etc. South aviation has introduced strategic investment in American aviation, which has made significant gains for international line operations. After the first quarter of 2017, supply and demand structures have continued to improve, driving up fares, and crude oil prices have increased somewhat.
The performance of the company is expected to be positively influenced by the stability of the country's currency against the United States dollar and the lower proportion of the dollar's debt.
The macroeconomic slowdown is exceeding expectations, the price of the renminbi is highly volatile, and the supply of civilian shipping power is exceeding expectations. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.