Souther Air: Business meets expectations, waits for synergies with American Airlines, the power of transport continues to expand, and the number of passengers on domestic routes continues to rise:
During the reporting period, the annual passenger traffic was 115 million, the country’s largest in 38 consecutive years, and Asia’s first. Corporate passenger transport revenues amounted to $102,502 million, representing 90.97 per cent of the main business, an increase of 2.26 per cent over the same period. The 702 passenger and cargo transport aircraft were operated, representing a net increase of 35, while the fleet remained the largest in Asia.
In terms of capacity, ask grew by 8.65 per cent in the same year, including 4.39 per cent for domestic routes, 8.71 per cent for international traffic, 4.48 per cent for domestic routes, 80.5 per cent for international air traffic, 0.12 per cent for other flights, and 80.5 per cent for domestic air traffic.
In 2016, the exchange rate of the People ' s Currency against the United States dollar depreciated by 6.39 per cent. Faced with pressure from the dollar to appreciate, the company actively and decisively adjusts its debt, as a result of the slowdown in the domestic economy, the strength of the dollar and the US Federal Reserve interest increase.
Xiamen Aviation has implemented full-time, process-wide, full-scale cost controls to form a strategy through a simple fleet of aircraft of several hundred million yuan, a decrease of 9.59 per cent in the same year; financial costs of $5,836 million, a decrease of 25.43 per cent in the same year; and administrative costs of low oil prices, a decline in the same year in the price of oil, resulting in lower operating costs:
The cost of oil is the company's most important cost, the volatility of international crude oil prices and the DRC's response to the country.
Adjustments in the price of inland oil will have a significant impact on profitability. In 2016, the average price of tar was $45.13 per barrel, 15.8% lower than the previous year ' s $53.60 per barrel, benefiting from low oil prices, 2016, but starting with 2016q4, affected by the International Organization for the Export of Crude Oil, international oil prices showed a downward trend.
At the beginning of 2016, the tar increased from $37.22/bpb to $56.82/bbbb/bbb/bbb/bb/bb/b/b/b/b/b. We anticipate a gradual recovery in global demand in 2017, a steady rise in international oil prices or likely events, an increase in the cost of shipping oil or pressure on corporate performance.
In the face of increasing competition in domestic markets, major ships have placed their eyes on the international market, and in recent years they have focused more on the operation of international routes, which have become more active than ever before.
South China is based in Guangzhou, building the Cantonroute international aviation hub, which, owing to its geographical location and its early entry into the Australian market, is largely located in South East Asia, South Asia, and Australia, and is not competitive with North America and Europe.
In terms of the market pattern of the United States and China, the combined air market share is 29 per cent, the share of the United States and China is 22 per cent, the share of East China is 15 per cent, the share of the United States and China is 11 per cent, the share of the United States and 9 per cent, the share of South China is 6 per cent, and the share of the maritime market is 4 per cent, which is the 2014 figure, as China continues to increase its shipping capacity.
In recent years, China’s share of the market has been rising, and the US share has declined. South China and the US have been working together to maximize their advantages, promote co-development, and significantly increase their market prices.
Sharing, raising the share of the international market, helps to increase the competitiveness and influence of companies in the global air market, while the subsequent collaboration between South and United States flights will help to enhance the operational capacity of the hub.
According to the company’s main operating data for January/February of this year, there has been a significant increase in both domestic and foreign guestship rates (ibid. +3.97 ptt), and we believe that, with domestic and foreign infrastructure, the demand for civil aviation is expected to rise to Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.