\triangleright \triangleright 21/10/2023
See, the revenue of $12,424 million, an increase of 4.1 per cent, a net return to the mother of $6,948 million, a steady growth in traditional business, a positive growth in industry digital business: 1) mobile communications services, \triangleright
5g package users increased by 3,965,000 households, reaching a penetration rate of 75.8 per cent, and mobile households grew by 45.6 dollars, or 0.2 per cent, compared to 0.2 per cent. 2) In the last three quarters, 92,905 million yuan was collected, an increase of 3.9 per cent.
Broadband integration arpu amounted to $47.8; 3) In terms of industry digitization, overall growth is positive, with companies promoting the use of cloud +ai+ applications in thousands of industries in the first three quarters of the year.
s010521100003 To continuously enhance the layout of bottom-level computing infrastructure, as of the first half of 2023, corporate intelligence arithmetic amounted to 4.7 eflops (1.8 new eflops in the first half of the year) and common arithmetic amounted to 3.7 eflops (new in the first half of the year)
Maja Wei, continue to strengthen R & D inputs and to enhance the layout of emerging areas: in terms of cost rates, the cost of sales in the last three quarters is \triangleright
At a cost of $7.335 billion, an increase of 24.0 per cent over the same period, the company continues to increase its investment around the priority areas of cloud computing, ai, security, quantum, and 5g, to upgrade its core capacity and to lay a solid foundation for future development.
For $590 million, an increase of $563 million over the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in interest payments on the Iron Tower's rental liabilities, the sky cloud is targeting hundreds of millions, the industrial digitalization business is building up its core, and accelerating breakthroughs in emerging areas, such as large models: 25 September, built together with the "Linking of the New Mass Productivity."
The \triangleright Long Engine 2023/03/23 New Values in Industry” was the theme of the China Telecommunication Network Large Model Technical Discussion Forum held in Beijing.
China Telecom (601728.sh) 3-quarterly reporting point in 2022, China's first large network model in the field of information and communication - Enlightenment, which reviews the promotion of cloud networks: steady growth in solid migration operations and accelerated industrial digitalization
It is important to improve operational efficiency, open cloud network capabilities, and invest in a thousand jobs. Currently, large network models developed by China ' s electricity - 2022/10/23, which are fully autonomous, have matured in-house applications.
The growth of mobile operations leads the industry, the growth of the sky-wing cloud continues to multiply, the overall success of high-quality development is significant, and the emerging areas of cloud computing, large models, data elements are continuously subject to surprises: sustained double-digit growth in performance, industry digitalization in the future.
Breaking up, industrial digitization accelerated the creation of a second-growth curve and a core growth engine for companies. Maintenance of the “promotion period of 2022/04/21 \triangleright”
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.