China Telecom (601728) 3rd quarter 2023 reported a steady growth in performance, a digital transition that produced excellent results, and China Telecom published its 3rd quarter 2023 report, and the company achieved operating income in the first 3rd quarter of the year 23rd year.
$ 03400520060001 q3 is a double-digit increase in net profit from the mother. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved operating income of $ 38.1103 billion, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period: the net profit from the mother is $ 27.10 billion, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period.
In 23 years, q3 companies achieved $12,424 million in operating income, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same year, and net repatriation profits of $6,948 million, an increase of 11.1 per cent over the previous three quarters, with companies strangling over the opportunities of digital economic development, and q3 single-quarter net return profits rising at a similar rate since this year.
▪ Subsistence operations: user size and arpu up. In the first three quarters of 2023, the penetration rate of company mobile communications services reached 75.8 per cent. Mobile users arpu amounted to 45.6 yuan, an increase of 0.2 per cent over the same period; and income from fixed nets and wise family services amounted to RMB 92.905 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period.
The number of households reached 189 million, an increase of about 100 million compared to the same period the previous year, and a combined broadband arpu of $47.8, an increase of 258 per cent. Companies continue to optimize their 5g network coverage, accelerating the integration of basic connection products with new digital elements such as clouds, ai, security, etc., and increasing the number of users and value of solidified operations.
Main data, 28 November 2023 Industrial digitization: the digital transformation was a remarkable success. In the first three quarters of 2023, the number of companies in the industry spelled out the revenues of the business to the RMB 99.741 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent in comparison with the business income.
While the company Sky Clouds is the top three players in the publicly owned Yunias market and its share in the Yaas+paas market, it has achieved the autonomy of all-branch technology, building a national critical information infrastructure platform that provides strong support for the upgrading of the digital transformation of industries.
In November 2023, the company officially launched 12 industry models covering government services, health care, transport, etc., and applied to large models.
In the area of satellite communications, the company Skynet Mobile Communication System is the first satellite mobile communication system to be built on our own, filling the gap in the home-owned mobile communications system. As the main telecommunications operator, the company will focus on promoting the country.
Top mobile brands will fully support straight-line satellites and will support straight-to-line flagship fleet-type priority gathering, gathering more than 5 million units from both supply and demand to drive further improvements in the satellite communications industry chain.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively and within the limits of their knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not subject to the management of their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used this report to issue the report.