Consistency Holdings (002352.sz): The volume growth is higher than expected, taking into account the higher degree of certainty in the company ' s performance, of which speed logistics has achieved a business of 1,477 million votes, compared with +31.76 per cent in the same year.
Business expansion has been significant, and volume has continued to outpace expectations. The speedier logistics business has achieved 1,477 million votes, compared to +31.76 per cent, exceeding industry growth by 14.6 pct, and the volume has continued to grow at a high level.
Clients in various sectors continue to develop new business scenes; second, it benefits from company optimization in line operations, through high-data analysis of route performance, and the introduction of preferential pricing for lower-loading lines, thereby utilizing empty resources to increase overall capacity utilization; and third, it benefits from state-supplementary policies.
Stable growth of the statute of limitations + continued profitability of new operations + improved cash flow, and good value for the company. Stable growth of the statute of limitations: a profit base, a straight business, air networks, and the end of the line
(b) Continued profitability of new operations: (i) return of economic operations to the Focus Camp, 21h2 consecutive clean-up of specialties and after the loss-and-loss net was removed in June 2323, the main hit was “Embrands fast” direct system products, products.
(b) Fast-moving or accelerated profit release, beneficial network accommodation, pattern improvement and compliance restoration, with future profit-making space available; and (c) direct-distribution subsectors with the city, with companies shifting through business architecture optimization, fine management and science and technology drive, 2024
3. Continuous improvement in cash flows: company free cash (002352.sz) in-depth analysis: steady growth in domestic operations and opening up space for international operations after removing non-operational tax return factors
The growth in business size is expected to lead to a sustained increase in operating cash flows, while corporate capital expenditure or value analysis of holdings (002352.sz) is expected to continue to grow as a result of peaks, futures or gradual contractions, and overall free cash flows are expected to grow.
Short-term performance has remained relatively high, long-term values have been empty, investments have been made in return periods, networks have moved forward or have led to steady increases in profitability. \triangleright
Portfolio Holdings (002352.sz) rating: Cash disbursed by the company in 2024 for the purchase and construction of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets of the company, 9.34 billion in medium-term and special dividends, based on the value of the company
More than $6, 8, 1.1 billion, more than $1.3 billion. Multinetization has worked well, and profit rates are steadily being raised.
The second growth curve is expected to be opened by international operations in the mid- to long-term state airport at Kimmensi Street No. 127 in Beijing, Beijing.
In addition, more than 9,100 international cargo flights, compared to 19% in comparison with the previous year, have formed a global navigational network layout with the Oxydia cargo hub as a central link to the Euro-American, Shenzhen hub, which supports connectivity to South-East Asia and Japan. International operations have a higher Māori rate than local courier logistics operations; and overseas logistics companies, home countries.
Businesses prefer to use domestic logistics brands and benefit from Chinese firms moving out to sea, and we believe that there is much to be done in the future for international logistics operations. International operations are expected to accelerate as the Okhu airport becomes operational, the company’s cargo fleet and the number of international flights are increasing.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: \triangleright successful in transforming integrated logistics runners and expanding companies beyond the continuous consolidation of real Express Basics
Emerging industries such as fast, cold and pharmaceutical transport, co-location, supply chains, and international, have emerged as market leaders, and have improved profit from multi-dimensional operations such as network accommodation, business structure optimization, steadily increasing revenue and profit margins, with profits and valuations expected to double.
Risk factors: less time frame requirements than anticipated; new business improvements than expected; excess capacity to deliver \triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., have served as external rating in several provinces
In 2023, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc. In 2024, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the courier, logistics, road, etc. The components have not been, have not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.