Consistency Holdings (002352.sz): proposed distribution of h shares and transferable debt of $5.8 billion to improve the value enhancement of liquidity support companies: announcement issued by the company on 26 June that new h shares and subsidiaries were to be sold on the basis of a general authorization
HK$2.95 billion has been issued to convert corporate bonds into company-h shares.3 The above amount is intended to strengthen the international and cross-border logistics capacity of the group, develop advanced technology and digital solutions, optimize the corporate capital structure and general enterprise use.
Impact analysis: Improved liquidity of Hong Kong stock, double-channel fund-raising buffers with dilution effects on existing shareholders. 1) The cash flow of the company is abundant and the sales help improve the liquidity of the Hong Kong stock: approximately $42,771 million in cash assets up to the end of 25q1, sufficient cash flow, this sale or intended to improve the liquidity of the Hong Kong stock, public
In 2024, the Department was listed on the Hong Kong stock market, with a smaller distribution board for the existing Hong Kong stock, and this is an extension of the larger free-flow board, an increase in trading activity and an improvement in the overall circulation of the h share. (2) The new stock distribution combined with a low interest premium can be converted into debt, reducing and cushioning the dilution effects: the company combined the distribution.
The sale of new shares and the issuance of fungible financing have enriched corporate financing channels and optimized capital formation, enhanced capital strength and combined competitiveness, and minimized the dilution effects on existing shareholders.
Inner business is growing steadily, international business is opening up space, companies are successfully transforming integrated logistics runners, and beyond the continuous consolidation of real couriers, companies are expanding in many ways, and stock holdings (002352.sz) are valued in medium:
Quick, cold and medical transport, co-location, supply chain and international emerging industries and new operations have gradually achieved relatively high short-term performance, long-term value neutral, market leader and profit from multi-dimensional operations such as network accommodation, business structure optimization, etc.
Improved, steadily higher incomes plus higher profit margins, higher profits and higher valuations are expected.
Sinda Securities Inc. has a wide range of values and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: less than anticipated requirement for statute of limitations; less than expected improvement in new operations; over-programming capacity \triangleright gold tower No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing City West Side b/
In the major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, several provinces submitted external assessments. In 2023, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for aviation, airports, etc. In 2024, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for couriers, logistics, roads, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.