Quarterly Report 2025: Keeping Business Resilient and Growing Profit Events: Companies Issued Quarterly 2025, 25q1 achieved operating income of $69,850 million, compared to the previous year
+6.90% net profit from the mother, 2.234 billion yuan, equal to 16.87%, net profit from the non-mother, $1.974 billion, enhanced profit management, 25q1 net interest rate from the non-mortality ratio, equal to +0.29 pct. +0.29 pct.
q1 + 7.2% and supply chain and international revenue + 9.9%.
Growth in the size of operations, leading to steady growth in fast-moving logistics operations; supply chain and international operating revenues equal to +9.9 per cent, mainly as a result of enhanced international networking by companies, deeper business integration and active expansion of markets Capital expenditure peaked at 55.6 per cent for q1 free cash flows
The peak period has passed, capital expenditure has declined year by year since 2021, with firm improvements in the cash flow of the company as the profitability of the company has improved and the management of operating capital has improved, with strong free cash flow being the share of the company In-depth analysis of surplus holdings (002352.sz):
by the year 2023, reflecting the firm growth of the company's operations within its own development, the opening of international operations, strategies, stages of development, operating conditions, capital expenditure plans, cash flows, etc.,
Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) Value Analysis: Medium-Red Increases help positive returns to investors. Short-term performances remain relatively high and long-term values are empty
Profit projection and investment rating: Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) rating: mid-term and special dividends for the company, looking at the value of the company
Risk factors for Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.: less than expected requirement for statute of limitations; less than expected improvement in new business; over-optimal delivery of capacity
In the area of major traffic, such as delivery, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, No. 127 Kimmensi Street, No. 1, Beijing, in the west-city district, he served as an external assessor for several provinces in 2023 and was responsible for research in the aviation, airport and other sectors.
In 2024, it became a member of the organization, which is mainly responsible for research in such sectors as couriers, logistics, roads, etc. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.