Prescription delivery is robust, new business development is beginning to yield results 31st March 2025 Timeline contribution stable, supply chain and international operations are losing.
To achieve co-optation of $8,873 million, or 22.39 per cent, and smooth growth in the supply chain and international operating income, and diversification of logistics networks. China’s economy grew steadily in 2024.
The total volume of goods increased by 15.3 per cent on the same date, and the company’s supply of service by courier around the electricity vendor market increased steadily, from +11.8 per cent to +8.8 per cent, and provided a high-time service based on the advantages of the Ozhou freight hub, ranging from “small consignments” to “large logistics” deferred, with a firm market share.
Net operations, +17.5% of the same year. The company’s capacity to deliver instantaneous distribution services to the city has expanded rapidly, with 2024 trade growth and the continuing impact of cross-border power suppliers warming in international logistics markets. Companies’ export flow demand is high, the number of customers of cross-border power suppliers is on the same scale + 24%, and freight volumes and agency revenues have steadily increased.
In 2024, the demand for international air transport recovered, and the supply chain and international operations turned out to be profitable, creating a new engine for business growth in the sea. The company followed the trend of China’s enterprises to produce and brand the sea, and accumulated 15 international routes at the Ozhou cargo hub.
Over 9,100 international flights were flown, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period, reaching the number of international service stations in Asia to 10 and Europe and America to 8 regions. At the same time, as the warehouse was integrated to cover more consumption scenes, the company had a relatively deep 300-percent performance pattern in a number of countries.
In 2024, the company relied on the “1-n” expansion strategy to become China’s leading time-limited courier service provider. The business structure of the time-limited package was steadily permeating from business to large consumer and industrial manufacturing areas, with consumer- and industrial-manufacturing-related consignments becoming the main growth driver of the time-limit.
In 2024, the company’s fast-forward operations grew by 13.8 per cent, the volume of goods grew by more than 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, accelerated the sinking of the market by means of an easy-to-move network, achieving a township coverage rate of 85.3 per cent, with the city at a steady rate in the top three areas of the fast-forward market.
Net profits doubled. By deepening business cooperation, broadening access, enhancing the capacity for full-scale distribution, using urban logistics systems to build synergetic networks, companies built integrated supply chain solutions for “storage + trans-shipment + instant delivery with cities”.
This report is presented independently and objectively and clearly and accurately reflecting my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.