Pilot insurance and gold control, over-expected performance and rising value - China Safe 2017 mid-point evaluation Summary/non-bank finance
China released its semi-annual report for 2017: in the first half of the year, companies achieved operating revenues of RMB 464 trillion, 23.13 per cent more than in the previous half, and net return earnings of RMB 43,427 million, 6.5 per cent more than in the previous half.
Discontinuation of the impact of the profit from the inclusive restructuring of $9,497 million, the net profit from corporate return of 38.84 per cent over the same period, far beyond the market The effect of the bank ' s retail transition was evident, with retail operations accounting for revenues, 40 per cent of profits, 64 per cent of profits, 3 of the Peace Trust and 22.4 per cent of net revenue from fees and commissions around the transformation of the Wealth Plus Fund, 4 per cent over the same period.
The profits achieved, wealth management and inter-agency transactions grew by 65% and 45%, respectively. As interest rates are assessed four quarters at a turning point, the negative impact of reserve accounting is phased out, and next year’s profits are released, driving performance growth.
The company continuously raises the number of its individual clients and continuously taps their clients into value-driven business value growth, contributing $34,626 million, or 79.7 per cent, in the first half of the year, an increase of 21.1 percentage points in the same year. The three core indicators for measuring the value of retail operations — customer size, average client contracts, average customer profit — grew by 9.3 per cent at the end of June, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s life and health insurance new business was valued at $38.551 billion, or 46.2 per cent more than in the previous half. The agency’s main source of revenue was deposited, the product was mainly secure, and the new one-time contribution was higher, with the new business price for the year being new.
The premium increase and the combined cost rate industry is leading and the market is becoming more dominant. In the \triangleright reporting period, there was a 23.5 per cent increase in revenue from the original premium for the company ' s production insurance operations; the combined cost rate was 96.1 per cent.
Among these, the revenue from the original insurance premium increased by 13.6% over the year, and the municipal share increased by 0.8 percentage points. The promotion of the “Internet+Car life” model, the deepening of Internet insurance, and market pricing advantages after the change in commercial fares are evident, and the market share of the company's car insurance business is expected to increase further.
The company maintains a leading role in the insurance sector, and the integrated financial business model drives long-term value growth; performance is expected to increase over time: the value of the new business continues to increase and the value of the company steadily rises.
2. Min Seok-sung Weekly: Focus on the performance of the Bank, focusing on the failure to increase the premium on the head and subdued shares; the failure of retail banks to make the transition as expected; and the over-expected regulation of Internet finance.
3. Min Seok-sung weekly newspaper 20170807: Insurance operations were completed by Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, who served on the National Economic and Social Council, the Ministry of State Goods, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.