Non-monetary financial insurance (601318): China’s performance remains strong and growth is on track: on August 17, 2017, China’s semi-annual 2017 report was released in peace.
The net profits of the group grew steadily and continued to generate value for the shareholders. In the first half of 2017, China achieved a safe return of 43,427 million yuan, a 6.5 per cent increase compared to the previous half of 2016, less the volume of the inclusive life insurance business, which contributed to the growth of the new single value, and the remaining margins accelerated the release of profits.
In the first half of 2017, life insurance operations achieved the original premium income of $23.771 billion, contributed profits of $23.990 billion, an increase of 38.7 per cent over the previous year, value growth contributed to the residual marginal acceleration of release, and the combined cost rate of property insurance operations recovered slightly, maintaining the industry ' s advantage.
Up to 12 months/lowest property insurance operations achieved a total of 10.344 billion yuan in revenue from the original premium, an increase of 23.5 per cent over the same period.
The bank’s retail transition has been effective, and the capital management business has continued to grow. The net profits of the safe bank have increased by the same amount.
2.1 per cent of the total profit from retail operations was 64 per cent, an increase of 35 percentage points in the same year; the net income from services and commissions increased by 22.4 per cent in the same year; and the size of the fund was $2.49 trillion, compared to the year, with Peace in China (601318): the cost of life insurance increased significantly.
In the first half of 2017, the safe Internet was expanded and businesses were growing at a high rate, with 65 per cent in the first half of the year, and 45.4 per cent in inter-agency transactions; and artificial intelligence, big data, cloud plan.
Technology innovations and applications, such as computing, block chains, will gradually open the space for safe valuation. Investment proposals: China is safe as the only financial full-size financial group in the country, the science and technology financial layout works, and inter-block, on-line, and below-line synergies are increasing, with life insurance subsidiaries as domestic companies.
China is still strong and growth is sustainable (601318). China is still strong and growth is sustainable (601318).
“New wealth” was number one in 2015; “New wealth” was third in 2011; “New wealth” was second in 2012; “New wealth” was third in 2013; “New wealth” was fourth in 2016; and “New wealth” was fourth in 2016. Pacific securities were added. In-depth studies were conducted on securities, insurance, trust, integrated finance, cross-border finance, and financial science and technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, that it seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
Peace in China (601318): The performance is still strong and growth is on track.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report