A strong rise in value, and a long line of hope.
The value of new operations in life and health insurance is $38.55 billion, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period; end-of-cycle value, Wang Wang, who is the king of retail finance plus science, technology and innovation driven by strong and high-growth supermarket expectations: companies
Half-yearly performance increased by 6.5 per cent over the same period, except for the impact of $9,497 million in profit from inclusive restructuring over the same period last year, which was 15.4 per cent higher than expected. We believe that strong corporate performance grew out of three core drivers: 1) Focus on client operations, increasing the number of individual clients to 143 million, and the total number of Internet users.
To 403 million, the net profit from personal operations has increased significantly by 45 to 34.6 billion yuan, while focusing on deep customer value extraction and synergy, with a significant increase in average customer earnings and average client contracts in the first half of the year, and 36 per cent of the additional 1,854 million clients are from Internet users. 2) The insurance owner is “value-operated”.
Deep-farming products, which are long-term, risky and secure, benefit fully from rising consumption and market concentration, and highlight industry's leading advantage. 3) Science and technology drive innovation, first embracing the “fintech” concept, and significantly increasing per capita productive capacity and per capita income generation, and in the future will create an integrated technology-driven gold control platform.
The life insurance champion nbv erupted and the proximate agent's advantage + life insurance industry continued to grow: in the first six months of the Division, the life and health insurance nbv was about 38.6 billion, a significant increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a 47.3 per cent to 92.15 billion dollar increase in the new insurance policy premium compared to the previous year, which has continued to rise and increase in recent years.
Innovation is high. The company, as the leader of life insurance, on the one hand, settles a strong competitive edge through proxy channels, increasing the number of late agents by 19.3 to 1.33 million (side-stamped life insurance needs) and in the first half of the year, per capita output exceeds 12,000 yuan; on the other hand, it benefits from a guaranteed demand driven by an upturn in Chinese consumption.
In addition, the silver insurance channel continues to deepen the value shift, with a significant increase of 82.6 per cent to $3.47 billion in new insurance payments in the first half of the year. The insurance policy remains high, the branding of the insurance is strong, and the company is entering a profit cycle: 1)
In the first half of the year, the insurance premium was $103.4 billion, an increase of 23.5 per cent, and the market share increased to 19.6 per cent.
Rapid on-site survey (i.e., over 90 per cent of the city ' s daily traffic risk cases arrive within 5 to 10 minutes), and the service is currently being piloted at the centre of 334 municipalities or more. 2) Land gold is controlled by a profitable share for the first half of the year, with an increase of 65 per cent in the volume of wealth management transactions and institutional customer transactions, respectively.
45.4 per cent has become the leading one-stop platform in the country for Internet-based financial transaction information services. Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies have a strong competitive advantage in the first half of the year, as a leader in insurance values.
In addition, each share of the company is set to be safe in China: the value is high, the king's promotion on the market is expected to continue to catalyze stock prices. We believe that as life insurance and financial operations continue to be strong, the price of the stock will continue to grow.
There is still room for improvement in the valuation of the 60% increase in the Nbv, which is a strong focus on corporate development prospects and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
For the same period after the impact of $9,497 million, the comparable net return profit is the two-generation assessment system for the year and beyond; 2) the value in 2017.06
Since then, the data have been used to compensate for the two-generation evaluation system.