Iri shares (600887.sh) Buv for Lee Xiaojun.
The net profit of 2017q1 increased by 12 per cent in the same year, and it is expected that future performance will continue to lead, with q1 achieving a net profit of 1.734 billion yuan in 2017, an 11.6 per cent increase in the same year, and that it will continue to run at a good rate in a competitive environment in the dairy industry. The original milk price may be higher in 2017.
In the long run, companies are undervalued as domestic dairy products, brands, brands, and investment proposals to maintain buy-in. Municipal companies have a net profit of $1.734 billion, an increase of 11.58%, corresponding to a gain of $0.29 per share.
The modest growth rate is mainly influenced by the overall environment, with the dairy industry growing at a low rate. The rate of Maori fell by 4.2 to 25% in the first quarter of the year, resulting in a higher rate of net profit than in the first quarter.
In terms of the domestic dairy industry as a whole, domestic demand for dairy products has slowed down against the backdrop of a slowdown in economic growth. In terms of international prices of original milk, the price of original milk has risen slightly since 2017, as a result of a slight contraction in the supply of the main country.
Similarly, on 19 April, the average price of fresh milk in the main dairy province (district) of the country increased by 1.2 per cent, and we believe that the average price of original milk in 2017 is likely to be the ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulationa.
But Eli, as a leading company, brands and channels, has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to lead. On April 28, the company announced that it would end the acquisition of the sacred pastoral organic milk industry because of a double-time agreement.
All the preconditions agreed upon by the parties were not met, the agreement was automatically terminated, and by agreement of the parties to the deal, the final cut-off date of the Agreement on the Purchase and Sale of Stock would not be extended.
In terms of trends, Eli still has expectations of future reorganisation and acquisition and will therefore continue to fully benefit in the long term from the increased concentration of the industry.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.