The net profit rises, the organic milk growth space rises, and the annual Ely shares are rated in 2016, and the rate of increase in revenue is significantly lower and the net profit rises considerably.
\triangleright fell by 25.14 pct a year, management costs barely increased, financial costs nearly doubled; 2) high-end product share increased, increasing profit space.
\triangleright boxing accounts for about 50% of the revenue, and the structure of the product is constantly improving.
In the future, companies will continue to increase the share of high-end products, optimize the diversification of production and offline channels, and continue to promote improved access. In 2016, the three-line four-line and the town market will continue to grow.
Consumer spending increased by 8.4 per cent over the same year, while sales on the liquid milk b2c line increased by 61.9 per cent, retail sales in convenience stores grew by 11.3 per cent, and emerging channels grew rapidly. The market penetration rate of the company’s regular liquid milk was 77.1 per cent in 16 years, with 342,000 direct-controlled village sites, which increased by about two times over 15 years.
(a) By strengthening the supply of upstream original milk, the power of downstream high-end organic milk is being enhanced 16 years after the company acquired 37 per cent of the stock of the Holy Shepherd, which is conducive to the growth of the company’s internal growth: 1) by enhancing the supply of upstream milk.
Gradually ridding themselves of social milk sources and ensuring the quality and safety of high-end products, while at the same time helping to ensure the supply of high-end products and to further improve their competitiveness; (2) acquisition of holy cattle, high-end organic milk, and abundance of high-end organic milk products, the synergy of which is evident, with an increase in the market for organic milk products to around 45 per cent, is expected to change the high-end milk competition.
Research assistant: Monstrosian patterns that optimize product structure and increase the Māori ratio of products; 3) Promotion of offshore finance for companies through the Holy Shepherd, further integration of overseas resources and effective control of the industrial chain.
(a) Consider the growth space for corporate organic milk products, with significant synergism after the acquisition of the Holy Shepherd; and (b) product structure:
Optimized, with a rising share of high-end products; 3) fists like Ammush, Gold-song, and Light are powerful corporate propaganda mechanisms that inspire internal motivation. Given that the Holy Shepherd will be balanced, we believe that the company will earn a dollar in 17-19. The company’s internal growth is robust, undervalued, and is rated “very recommended.”
1. Three-quarterly Ely Shares 2016: steady growth in performance, high-end organic milk. 20161031 Increased costs due to rising prices of fresh milk; low consumption due to economic downturn; food safety.
A summary of company financial statement data projections is Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light industry and publicly listed company research. Menssoe, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Fbba, Yangjiang Business School, joined in civil securities and food beverage research in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.