Sword to the top, bidding to buy the world's first organic yogurt stonyfield event: Eli's buying the United States of America under the D.A. Group for about $850 million.
It's in the lead-up to the bid, and Mahobo is the world's largest organic yoghurt producer, brandy and product-rich.
Rich, operating income in 2016 was about $370 million, with a net profit of about $50 million. 1) In March of the calendar year, Danen announced the sale of sonyfield’s shares in order to avoid US antimonopoly claims.
There are a lot of products, unique strains of culture that lead to health. Stonyfield products, including whole-fat Greek yoghurt, zero-fat yoghurt, child yobby, have a number of best-selling yobble brands, including o'soy, yobaby, while the products respond to trends in milk health, especially among children.
The yogurt industry has great potential, and the growth engine in liquid milk. 1) Euromonitor numbers show that China ' s yogurt market in 2016 was more than 100 billion yuan.
The market for product breakdowns is expected to reach $190 billion in 2020: the highest potential is the pyrotechnic milk, which in 2016 was about 20 billion in size, or +54%. Low-temperature yogurt milk is developing slowly with cold chain saving restrictions.
Stonyfield is expected to launch the next monolith, like Ammush. 3) The yogurt industry is medium-high, with Monx, Eli, and Light in three minutes. The market is 70% compared to the United States of America ' s cr3 milk yogurt market, 56% from the Chinese yogurt market, and the concentration of the industry is rising.
What are the chances of a successful acquisition? How much did a successful acquisition contribute to performance? 1) The price of $850 million is higher than the current market value of Stonefield, valued at 17 x.
Potential competitors include Chobani, Coca-Cola, Dean Foods, Common Mills and Pepsi Cokes, and newyorkpost thinks that Eli's bid is most likely to succeed. 2) The unincorporated purchase of sonyfield yogurt will expand the current yogurt business in Ely and strengthen the organic milk collars.
The layout of the domain, which is expected to be synergized by successful acquisitions, will enable home-grown yogurts to continue to grow at a high rate, contribute to product structural upgrading and the growth of new large monoliths, while stonyfield’s original business in the United States will continue to grow at a steady pace, with M&As expected to succeed at 1+1>2.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: 1) Sub-operations: Liquid milk product upgrades + new product performance, Ely shares: 16 years of performance as expected and flat. 2) No impact on performance after termination of the acquisition of the Holy Shepherd, proposed bid to purchase Stonefield.
The Department's ambition to develop organic milk and global layout. We expect revenue for 2017-2019.