Brief analysis: performance in a quarter is higher than that projected by High China; sales management costs have declined significantly; revenue has been moderate and recovered; Ely shares have announced performance in a quarter: net profits of 1.734 billion yuan, a 12 per cent increase from the previous year, a 12 per cent increase from the higher China forecast. Business profits have increased 13 per cent over the same period, benefiting from a significant decrease in sales management costs.
15%, and sales growth is starting to accelerate. We believe that Eli’s performance in the first quarter may reflect the easing of competition in the industry and the strengthening of Eli’s position in the liquid and formula milk market.
The market share: the market share of companies’ often warm milk products continues to expand, driven mainly by the rapid growth of pyrolytic milk. The market share of usually hot milk products in the first quarter of 2017 was about 33.6%, 280 more than last quarter.
The base point is also higher than the 31.5% for the whole year 2016. The decline in the market share of Iri formula milk has also been reversed, with the share rising by an average of 40 basis points in the first quarter of this year. 2. Business returns increased by 110 basis points in the first quarter of 2017.
The decrease of 430 basis points is less than the sharper decline in sales costs (a 13 per cent decline in the same year). We believe that this reflects lower marketing costs than expected and slower competition. Moreover, the administrative costs fall by 12 per cent in the same year, slightly less than the increase in operating profits, mainly because non-business costs are higher than anticipated.
The annual forecast is the v/gcivs.croci/wacc framework. The main risk is that the income increases are slower than expected, more competitive than I expected, Liao Yiu, cfa, which affirms that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be, equal.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
Cfa: a share of the media, a share of food drinks, a share of Chinese consumer goods.a A share of food drinks: Guai Goong wine, a share in Yoha River, Kotai in Guizhou, a cellar in Chenzhou, Qing Qingqin wine, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on company ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions of IRI shares (rmb18.42)
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.