Food and beverage food processing, Ely's stock dynamic rating: business ring improvement, cost pressure 16 years of performance improvement due mainly to an increase in the Māori rate
(a) A fall in the cost of rising costs during the quarter, with profit levels rising on a year-on-year basis 1.73 billion yuan in net profits attributable to parent companies, an increase of 3.23 per cent, 11.67 per cent and 11.58 per cent in the same year;
The negative impact of this increase, with net interest rates still rising.
The decline in the Māori rate during the quarter was largely due to cost factors due to later cost factors. Currently, the original milk supply is high, and companies do not think that the price of the original milk will increase in the future, but then
Due to the large supply of original milk, and in order to safeguard the long-term interests of the industry as a whole, downstream processing firms have increased their production and, accordingly, their promotion efforts, thus lowering the level of gross interest rates. Currently, marketing pressures in the market remain high, and have not subsided compared to last year.
On the other hand, the prices of raw materials, other than original milk, are rising. Prices of large supplements, such as sugar, milk powder, and packaging, are all rising.
The change in the cost rate is mainly influenced by quarterly factors, and the uneven level of costs between seasons is largely influenced by competition in the market, mainly advertising costs. Companies have a planned use of marketing costs, but advertising costs, especially promotion costs, are still based on actual costs.
The current relatively high cost rate in the domestic dairy sector is mainly due to higher competitive pressures. Overall, there is a certain downward trend in the future, but short-term cost pressures The increase in short-term borrowing is mainly to regulate operating funds.
By chance, goods change is normal stock allocation. Capital spending is about 3 billion times a year, mostly stable if productive investments are made.
There is also an increase in milk powder and liquid milk. Because of seasonal fluctuations in performance, industry and companies are judged on a longer-term basis, for example, on an annual basis.
So far, there has been no change in the profit guidelines for income at the beginning of the year, and it is expected that performance will vary from plan to plan throughout the year. Companies believe that the market space for soy milk is likely to be large, and consumption habits are stable and high among domestic consumers. There are precedents in foreign markets.
It's expected to be on the market in the second half of the year. The initial rate of growth may not be fast, but it will eventually be larger. Soy milk products have technical problems, and their taste is difficult to adjust. Companies solve this problem, mainly in gold-syllables, with a smaller proportion and absolute numbers.
Organic milk has more room for growth. There are still fewer products in the industry, and there may be hundreds of millions of walnut milk in the future, and companies estimate that plant protein monoliths will not be large.
The Department will actively seek out all forms of cooperation in the future and will also seek opportunities for future mergers and acquisitions.
The future is going to have a better red score, which is mainly about profit and cash flows, and a better one. Even with financial pressure, it's going to be done by financial means, and it's not going to squeeze the red one.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has become more competitive in branding, product research and development, and channel construction, with higher costs and food safety issues.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.