Ely shares (600887) are reported in 2016, with an increase in income from innovative and medium- and high-end dairy products, and an increase in milk powder in 17 years, Lee Yifan.
In 2016, companies increased by 0.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, lower than expected, mainly because of the same decline in innovation and consumption of milk other than medium- and high-end dairy products, as well as a decrease in the range of the net profit.
Innovative dairy products and medium- and high-end dairy products are expected to increase in 17 years, and are expected to grow in the same year, as a result of rising consumption, with companies selling 22.7 per cent of new products in 2016, or about 7 pct more than in the previous year.
In 2016, companies collected 49.5 billion yuan, or 5.03 per cent more, in liquid milk camps, mainly due to increased sales and higher product structure; and 4.2 billion yuan in cold-water camps.
The same increase of 2.35 per cent, mainly as a result of price increases and product structural upgrades; and the influence of milk powder and dairy camps, which we believe the domestic infant and child formula industry is expected to enter a healthy competitive situation in the second half of 2017, benefiting from this and the impact of the low base, the company's milk powder business is expected to be in 2017.
Māori rates and cost rates have risen, net profit rates have remained high, and cash flows have performed well. In 2016, the company Māori rate stood at 37.94 per cent, a significant increase of 2.05 pt over the same year, mainly as a result of lower original milk prices and product structure upgrades, which resulted in an increase in the company ' s milk ratio of 1.64 pt over the same period.
The cost rate of 29.03 per cent, an increase of 0.84 pct over the same year, was largely due to the positive performance of the sales cost rate in terms of cash flow, the net cash flow generated by the operation was $12.8 billion, and the industry was well established. AcNelson data show that the company was in the overall dairy market in 2016.
The share of retail sales is 20.0%, and the market is ranked first. Of these, the share of companies is 31.6%, and the market is ranked first in the segment; the share of retail sales of low-temperature liquid milk is 16.2%, with a 0.6 pct increase, and the share of total retail sales of infant milk products is 31.6%.
5.0%, an increase of 0.2 pct. According to industry information, the market index of this rating system for the sale of company cold-drinking products in 2016 is based on a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to specific types of recommendation and rating are rated according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.