Mahoubo  Income: Compared to Monx, Ely's 16 earnings grew slightly less than expected, and quarterly improvements were slightly lower. 1) Merit Monx revenues + 9.7% resulting from high-cost marketing, industry competition and
There has been no slowdown. A number of products such as basic white milk, Trondsu, pure milk and coronary milk have grown faster than the industry and contribute more rapidly. Asli plus goodwill + high cost + loss of profit, but above, gold is earned more than + 14%. The liquid milk base is large, and the income growth will be pressured.
Gross operating income is planned at $65 billion a year, with a total profit of $6.2 billion. Target income growth  Māori rate: higher prices for raw materials, driven by product upgrading in the future, Māori rate
After 4q16, the prices of the main raw materials, such as whole-fat milk powder, white sugar, tiles, plastics, etc., have increased. Based on the current global production control, guaranteed prices, domestic production has declined.
We expect a moderate increase in domestic milk prices in 17 years. 2) The structure of Eli products is clearly upgraded: high-end products such as Gold Fair, Ammush, Light and Light, Gold Crown, etc. Costs and competition: competition has not slowed down, marketing rates have reached historical highs, Monxes have reached highs.
The competition will not be abandoned in the short term. 1) The cost rate will be high: 16 years for all sales, 23.3 per cent for Eli and 25 per cent for Monx; advertising costs account for the largest share of the cost of sales, with Elie and Monroe rates of 12.7 per cent and 10.7 per cent, respectively, but Eli's management rates show a downward trend, while Mon.
(a) Sub-operations: liquid milk product upgrades + new product performance, 1. Income: comparison of Monx, 16 years of IRI revenue growth deceleration
1.1. Elymon cow revenue and product breakdown compares with the expected increase in Ely ' s 16 income at a slightly lower rate than expected, with a slightly lower improvement in the quarter. 1) Ely ' s revenue in 2016 was 60.6 billion yuan, compared to only +0.4 per cent, a net gain of 5.66 billion and a quarterly gain of +22.3 per cent.
2) Corporate income growth is driven mainly by product structural upgrading, but industry competition has intensified, corporate promotion and sales have increased slightly, product unit prices have declined and low incomes have increased, overall Monx income + 9.7%, profit loss, taking into account a relatively small 16-year performance base and a 17-year improvement forecast
In 2016, the Montagnard earned $53.78 billion, with 9.7% higher income, resulting from high-cost marketing and industry competition that did not slow down. Many products, such as basic white milk, Trenchu, pure milk, and crowned milk, are higher than industry growth, and ice cream is rising backwards.
The loss is $750 million. After the loss of Asli and goodwill, the real gain is $1.690 billion, and the Félémont's liquid milk pk: Mono's continued to be the first in the market for low temperature milk, the first in the market for liquid milk, and the first in sales.)) Eli Nelson's zero-study data for 2016.
Retail sales in the overall dairy market are the first, with the city accounting for 20 per cent, an increase of 1.1 pct over the same year. Of this, the market for liquid milk in Elli is 31.6 per cent, compared to 1.8 pc; the market for low-temperature liquid milk is the first in the segment; the market is 16.2 per cent, compared to 0.6 pct; and it is expected that new products will be significantly developed in the future.
If soy milk and warm new products are promoted, the income from new products is as high as 23%, with a faster rate of increase. 2) Monx: The cooler city is the first, with five new items in 2016 on the market.
The sale of fresh food products has shown a remarkable improvement: multi-flavourite products plus the roll-out of the ol soy milk series plus packaging have been upgraded and sold at a higher rate than expected. 1.2. Ili liquid milk revenues have slowed, and milk powders have grown for 17 years than 16 years
In 16 years, Ely's income was pressured, liquid milk income slowed, milk powder fell significantly, and cold drinks levelled down. 1) The company earned 49.5 billion yuan in liquid milk in 2016, an increase of 5 per cent, partly offset by lower prices due to the contribution of higher product structure and higher sales. 2) Milk powder earned 5.46 billion yuan, an increase in the rate of growth.
A 15.4 per cent decline in the share of Elie's high-end milk powders increased faster than the increase, but because of strong competition in the dairy industry + + 2 per cent. Cold drink revenue increased slightly, price increases + structural upgrades contributed more rapidly, and sales more than offset a decline in domestic consumption, which was accompanied by a reduction in the life cycle of consumer goods.
In response to the downward trend in consumer goods, we believe that 17 years of income will be dependent on the introduction of a billion dollars in new products, with a total profit of $6.2 billion. The same-year income plan could be completed, with 60.6 billion in 16 years.
2.1. Cost-side: moderate and rising prices of original milk + slightly higher prices of packaged materials Cost-side: the share of original milk + packaging materials was highest, at over 80%. Prices of major raw materials increased, as the increase in the Māori rate was reduced as a result of lower costs.
Prices of major raw materials, such as whole-fat milk powder, white sugar, tiles, plastics, etc., are on the rise. 2h16 New Zealand milk prices rebounded significantly, domestic prices of fresh milk recovered slightly, and based on current trends in global production control, guaranteed prices, reduced domestic milk production and stable end demand, we anticipate
Figure 9: Changes in milk prices 2.2. Product structure upgrades are significant, driving the increase in the Māori rate
The structure of dairy products has been significantly upgraded: in 2016, high-end white milk, constant-temperature milk and low-temperature-acid milk consumption increased by 7.8 per cent, 43.1 per cent and 9.7 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
1) Income from high-end products such as Gold Fairs, Ammush, Light and Light, Gold Crown, Quakers, etc., was 49%, an increase of 3.2 percentage points, Māori rate: lower costs + structural upgrading, total Māori in Eli in 2016, 38.3%.
This includes 36% Māori for liquid milk, up to 56.2% for milk powder, compared to +1.88 pct, and the same figure 13: Māori rates for Illi operations have steadily increased 3. Competition and cost rates in the industry: there will be no decline in the short term and no deterioration in the long term
The final retail promotion activity is gradually making sense. Carrefour data: The second half price of Eli's DREA continues to rise to 1h16,2h16 after the second half price. The total price of Monx sales is reduced from 66 to 5 to gradually recovering the price.
In the short term, there will be no rapid decline, and we'll judge that the 17 years of Elymon's competition will slow down, at least not the same year, and that, in the long run, under the monopolistic pattern of double-hatting, the lower cost will only be delayed by the higher cost of advertising: Ely's advertising, about 12.7 per cent, followed by salesmen's remuneration.
The rate of increase in other costs is almost equal. Monx advertising costs can also reach 10.7%. Elivs Monx: the cost of sales has increased by 25% for 2016 Monx and 23.3% for Eli; Management costs are 5.7% and Monx 4.6%, but Eli’s management rates show a downward trend, compared to a declining trend.
Figure 15: Monx sales rates have been higher than Elie since 2013 Figure 17: Elymons 2014-2016 comparative rates 4. Channel pk: Second-line cities do not go down and look down in the future
Channel upgrades are evident: 1) electric power suppliers, convenience stores. Data monitoring of the Ire electric platform shows a 61.9% increase in the volume of liquid milk on line b2c over the previous year, which is significantly higher than the overall level of Internet purchase; and Nelson zero data also shows that liquid milk was found during the reporting period.
Retail sales in convenience stores grew by 11.3 per cent over the previous year, significantly faster than in other retail outlets. (2) The ability of three or four-line cities and the town market to consume dairy products has increased dramatically, with new consumption opportunities.
This is 8.4% higher than last year's, and the market for liquid milk in the city of the Elimon Cows is just as good as the market for liquid milk, which is better at the village level.
The penetration rate reached 77.1 per cent, an increase of 0.3 percentage points over the previous year. In 2016, the Ili direct control village network had reached 34.2 million points, an increase of about two times that of the previous year, and market penetration capacity had increased year by year.
The overall liberalization of the consumption structure + second-child policy has led to milk turnovers, and changes in the supply side of the upstream milk industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: 1) Sub-operations: Liquid milk product upgrades + new products development, 65 billion yuan, with a total profit of 6.2 billion yuan. 2) Unconsidered and listed for the time being, we anticipate food safety risks and increased competition in the dairy sector.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board