The fall in the price of information technology hardware and equipment The fall in the price of the panel has dragged the company into 1q18 performance, the long-term growth of the company The continuing decline in the price of the panel has dragged the company through the performance of a quarter.
The price of the 1q18 panel continues to fall as a result of the boom and the effects of the traditional low seasons. The company’s Māori is now in a historic position, and the arrival of the traditional seasons in the second half of the year will drive the panel’s price to stabilize, and the company’s performance will improve.
In terms of capacity, 2018% of the total market value/flow (million yuan) will be fully productive in the six-generation flexible amoled phase and will be fully productive in the first half of next year;
Highest/minimum 12 months or more. The business is expected to be in Kyoto Easta (000725) Pacific Securities - as the penetration of amoled in the smartphone market rises in the future.
Kyoto Easta-Investment Review: Large investment, lcd productive capacity continues to be released, and the global LCD panel has a long way to go.
The state ' s 8.5 generation line can climb the slope well, and in March of this year it composted 10.5 generation line into mass production. According to - 2018/03/10.
We measure that by next year, the company's lcd capacity is expected to outperform lgd as a global leader. The company's leadership in size is also expected to translate further into a firm's advantage in terms of cost, bargaining, etc.
In our view, while falling short-term panel prices will put pressure on company performance, the future will be accompanied by the release of amoled capacity, the consolidation of corporate leadership in the lcd field, and intelligent systems.
The long-term growth of the company, the growth of competition, the development of the health service business below expectations, and the long-term growth of the company as a result of the fall in the price of the panel drags down the company’s 1q18 performance
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.