According to the latest data on the panel supply, which has yet to be upgraded, the number of global television outlets reached 510,000 in the first quarter of 2018, a significant increase of 127 per cent over the previous year.
Compared to the advantages of using a new generation of technology-based televisions, which are colour-rich, contrast-high, curable, thin, and responsive. Because of the high cost of panels, the price of television is many times higher than that of traditional television, the price of TV 55 inch is about $10,000, and television 65 inch inlet is about $200 to $30,000, so that television is primarily located in high-end markets.
Since 2017, the television industry has grown rapidly, and ihs data show that, in the face of a decline in global television output, the output of television has increased by 130 per cent from November 2016 to November 2017. In the high-end television market over $2,500, the global share of television in 2017 reached Yuan Haiwoo Research Assistant.
In terms of brand sales, it ranked first in the first quarter of 2018, at 70 per cent, and Sony and Philip were down by two or three, but the overall volume was lower because of the higher prices of the oled television, and because of the fact that only the lgdisplays were produced at the current stage of global production of the oled television panels, while the others had not yet had their research assistant, Wang Sato.
In the future, with production lines of lgdisplayg 10.5 and g8.5, the sales of old TV will increase even more. 2. We suggest a layout of the electronics sector from two angles. First, attention will be given to the higher demand and the more dynamic segments of the downstream industry, and the growing demand will increase.
To be a stable engine for industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high growth space. Second, a breakdown focused on state-focused support is a product of industry week, a combination of policy foresight, market hot spots, deep-seated industries, for investors seeking absolute returns.
Blocks, such as semiconductors. Stock only. Weekly updates. Follow-up points if the offer remains the same, and justification if the offer changes.
In the current period, Kyoto Easta (000725). [Excellent Push] is our favorite for the next three months, and we think that these stock trends will significantly win over the market and suggest a focused configuration.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Kyodonga (000725) (4.42 yuan for 2018-05-11) 1 and the world’s leading lcd show the dragon. Kyodong was founded in 1993 and, after many years of layout and development, has developed a display system, an intelligent system.
Displays are the company’s most important business, and companies are extremely competitive in this area. In 2017, the city of Kyoto’s laptops, smart phones, flatboard computer LCD screens were the highest in the world, and television and monitor LCD screens were the second highest in the world. Now, smart phones, tablets, laptops are all in maturity, and the demand for lcd is growing faster in the future.
Production lines, five of which are multi-generational, productively efficient and in line with the trend towards large-scale LCD screens, continue to expand. 2 and amoled maps continue to expand. In 2011, the Tokyo East set up amoled technical laboratory in the field of amoled, which now has three flexible amoled lines, of which Chengdu was launched in October last year.
Directions. The gap between the soft-led and the three-star oleds of the Kyoto East and the user experience of the application end product is very small. In the field of the oled, the Kyoto East is completely counterproductive. In the future, as technology matures further, the penetration of the amoled smartphone and the oled TV will increase, and Kyoto East is expected to become a leading business in the field.
In the community of health services, the company has developed a digital hospital as a wiring download for mobile health facilities, a mobile health management platform and an ecosystem that can provide high-quality health care to clients. With intellectual manufacturing, car networking, health services, etc.
Risk factors: slow macroeconomic growth; a decline in State support for industry and companies; a sharp fall in the prices of liquid crystals and amoled products; excessive depreciation pressure and interest on loans leading to continued deterioration of the company ' s financial position.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., and eight years of experience in the industry. In 2007, he joined the Sunda securities industry in computer and electronic components studies. Choi Jing, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, and eight years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc..
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.