In 2023, the Central and Central Joint Inspection Unit published a 2023 report, which generated 47,75 billion yuan in operating income, up from 20,23q4 net return earnings. In 2023, the company achieved 47,075 million revenues.
In 2023, corporate weight machines, concrete machinery, earth machinery, high-altitude machinery, agricultural machinery and other machinery and products were 100 million yuan and 4,242 million yuan, respectively, representing changes of + 1.64 per cent, +1.63 per cent, +89.32 per cent, respectively.
Industry leads, concrete machinery long-arm pumps, blending stations are still the first and blender the second. New business earth machines and high-altitude machinery harvests are growing fast, excavators are accelerating the improvement of the spectrum series of electrical products, and the domestic market for medium-sized excavators is growing fast.
The share doubled over the same period; the market for small and medium-sized customers in the high-capacity domestic market was the largest, with a product spectrum of 4-72 metres full coverage and a penetration rate of more than 90 per cent of electrodynamic products, the most complete high-altitude equipment manufacturer in the country.
In 2023, the company collected $17,905 million abroad, with a 7.57 ptt in domestic business. The company values overseas market expansion, is committed to an internationalized development strategy, is deeply involved in building a “one-way” with an effective market breakthrough, and is focused on localizing the country.
Development strategies have worked well, and the market share of the product has risen rapidly. Engineering cranes have become the highest brand in Turkey, Central Asia, and markets such as Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, and Kenya have risen rapidly through local tillage.
Investment proposals: In 2023, companies maintained a better competitive edge over their dominant products, and new business was growing rapidly, with higher profitability. Companies insisted on an internationalization strategy, ploughing “all the way” into construction, and the number of downstream projects would be reduced if the issuance of specific debt slowed down or the amount of funds released fell short of expectations.
Fewer will affect the volume of sales of corporate products; (3) if demand for domestic firms in overseas markets decreases, this will lead to pressure on corporate performance; (4) if raw material prices rise significantly, corporate performance will be faced with a more illustrative picture: the “market index” of this rating system,a with a deep 300 index of the comparator; and a three-board index of the new three-board frame of reference.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.