Quarterly review 2024: Alpha attributes highlighted, profited, research assistant Wedice, keywords: # high dividends # export orientation # cost drops
Incidents: The company issued a quarterly report in 2024, with performance in line with expectations. 24q1 performed higher than industry by 13 per cent on a year-on-year basis, Alpha attributes highlighted a decline of about 13.0 per cent on a year-on-year sales in the q1 excavator industry in 2024, and companies performed better than industry.
The main factors we judge are: (1) the acceleration of the expansion of overseas markets and the continuous rise in the share of exports as one of the fastest growing companies in the industry; (2) the steady increase in the market position of the company ' s traditional superior products, concrete machinery, engineering cranes, construction cranes, and the steady increase in the market position of the company ' s concrete machinery long-arm pump vehicle in 2023.
The market share of the mixer station remains the highest in the industry, while the market share of the mixer vehicle remains the second highest in the industry, maintaining its leading position; (3) emerging business such as earthworks, high machines, etc. are growing rapidly and contributing to the growth of performance  Overseas market expansion plus product structural optimization, with a sustained recovery in profitability
The ratio of overseas operations to the promotion of corporate Māori was optimized, with Māori offshore from the company in 2023  Engineering machinery: expected to coincide with a double cycle of “large-scale equipment renewal plus industry’s own upgrading” cme forecasted sales of about 18,500 excavators (including exports) in April 2024, a decline in the same year
About 1.5%, the decline in the ring ratio has improved. In the sub-markets, the domestic market estimated 9,500 sales, which is good. Looking ahead, the pressure on the base of the engineering machinery has weakened in the second quarter, and industry data are expected to continue to warm.
The Central and Central Heavy Section (000157): Publication of “Quality returns, annual useful life, large-scale replacement of equipment from the last round of sales, large-scale equipment upgrades, etc. The series of policies has contributed to the recovery of the industry and is expected to usher in a combination of “large-scale equipment upgrades plus the industry itself”
Two-Step Action Programme, Deepening Globalization
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.