Events: In recent days, the Central and Central United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs published its first report in 2024. The ring increase of 1.79 pt. The increase in the Māori ratio benefited from such factors as the increase in the share of overseas operations; net gains.
Cost rates, R & D rates, and financial rates changed on a year-on-year basis by +0.87 pct, a strong internationalized development strategy, with higher overseas receipts. 2024q1 received $5.703 billion abroad, an increase of 52.85 per cent, a ratio of about 48.44 per cent, and export receipts from offshore revenues.
The company values overseas market expansion, is committed to an internationalized development strategy, is deeply involved in building a “one-way” process, is making effective breakthroughs in key markets, is a priority country for localization, and has achieved significant results, with a rapidly rising market share for products.
Central Asian cities have the highest branding, with markets such as Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, and Kenya rapidly increasing through their native-land cultivation.
The share of the arms market has kept the industry ahead, while the share of the concrete machinery long-arm pump and blending station has remained steady at the top of the industry, and the share of the blending vehicle has remained high at the bottom. The emerging business of earth machinery and high-altitude machinery collection has continued to grow rapidly, and excavators have accelerated the improvement of the spectrum series of electrical products, medium-sized and large.
The domestic market share of excavators has doubled over the same period; the market for small and medium-sized customers in high-capacity domestic markets has been ranked first, the product spectrum has been fully covered by 4-72 metres and the penetration rate of electrodynamic products has reached 90 per cent if demand for domestic enterprise products is reduced in overseas markets, which will result in corporate performance pressure; and (3) where there is a full product spectrum of 4-72 metres,
A “market index” for this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” studies, and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “medium-risks.”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.