There has been a steady breakthrough in overseas operations and a significant increase in profitability — the Central and Central Joint Operations Section (000157.sz) incident assessment report issued by the Central and Central Joint Inspection Unit in the first quarter of 2024: the company's operations have been steadily developing.
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn Realized operating income of $11,773 million in the first quarter of 2024 (+12.93 per cent of the year); yousw@cfsc.com.cn
The domestic engineering and machinery sector is still at the bottom of construction, as the government has put in place a series of “stable growth” policies.
Real estate and capital investment will significantly boost the demand for engineering machinery. The company’s market position for engineering machinery products has risen steadily, concrete machinery long-arm pumps have been pumped. The share of the market for vehicles and blending stations has remained steady at the top of the industry, while the share of the market for blending vehicles has been maintained.
Industry II. As the domestic market for engineering and machinery recovers faster, engineering and machinery products, as a company ' s traditional dominant industry, are expected to yield priority gains to upgrade the domestic market and to boost overseas operations and new ones, driving new performances.
Companies are actively expanding their markets abroad, and the share of products in the market is rising rapidly. Engineering is heavy, machinery becomes the highest brand in Turkey and Central Asia, and markets such as Shatter, Malaysia, Viet Nam, and Kenya continue to expand. Demand in overseas markets continues to grow.
1. Central and Central Heavy Section (000157.sz): Profit plus, enhanced market competitiveness and high growth in export sales in the engineering and machinery industry.
At the same time, firms are accelerating the development of new potential businesses, high-altitude operating machinery is fast becoming one of the leading players in the industry, and small- and medium-scale customers in the domestic market are the first. In the future, companies are overseas.
Business and new business resonances are expected to drive performance to a new growth point. Cost controls are better and profitability is significantly improved during the period of commissioning, mainly in overseas operations with a high Māori rate.
17.94 per cent (year-on-year +0.47 pct) of the increase in revenue was faster than the increase in the cost of the period.
Presentation by the Mechanical Unit: Maozheng: Master ' s degree in materials from the University of Akdan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment; Luzhoyang: Master ' s degree from the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, four years experience in research.
In August 2023, he joined the Master's degree in Chinese securities. In April 2024, he joined the Master's degree in Chinese securities.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.