Motherhood net profits increased by 52.04 per cent over the same period, new operations grew in tandem with overseas layouts The annual report of the Central and Heavy Section (000157.sh) shows a steady increase in profitability and an increase in the cost of the period.
The main reasons for this increase were the higher share of the company ' s exports during the reporting period, the higher share of exports and the restructuring of the company ' s products. The costs of corporate sales, out-market expansion of management fees, share payments and increased R & D inputs were associated with the reporting period.
During the reporting period, corporate cranes and concrete machines generated revenues of $19,291 million (1.64 per cent compared to 1.64 per cent compared), $8,598 million (+163 per cent compared to 1.63 per cent) and construction cranes.
The scale of sales is the highest in the world, with the rdeta machines forming a market. Emerging industries continue to break through, with large excavator product spectrometry in the expansion of earth machinery, yielding $6,648 million during the reporting period, an increase of 89.32 per cent over the same period; high-altitude machinery is fast.
To be one of the leading players in the industry, $5.707 billion has been generated, compared to an increase in overseas market performance and a significant increase in the impact of globalization.
End-of-business models, connecting overseas R & D, manufacturing, logistics, marketing, and service flow of full-stream information. Continuous enhancement of the breadth and depth of the network around priority countries and key markets. More than 30 level-I operating air ports and more than 350 level-II air ports have been built around the globe
The network has achieved full coverage from regional centres to key cities. During the reporting period, international competitiveness of products has continued to increase, and global market expansion strategies have yielded significant results.
\triangleright and new and emerging operations continue to break through, and corporate performance is expected to continue to grow. Projected 2024 risk of volatility; 3) risk of exchange rate fluctuations; 4) risk of changes in the international trade environment and policies; 5)
Please read the text carefully and make it available for this report. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.