"Avaryholding (002938ch) "Productive capacity expansion and the new pull of large clients, looking forwardtobetter-off 2022drivenbyexpanded capacityandmajorcustomer'snewproductlaunch
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) healthy growth: the company’s miniled backboard started producing for last year’s q2 q2.
22q1miniled backboards are incremental compared to the same period last year. In addition, we expect the good market performance of the old iphone13 and the release of the iphonee machine in March to have contributed to the growth in demand for corporate products in the light season; 2) cost changes
Good: 22q1 company sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates • new products for large clients are released with year-round performance growth. Looking at q2, we anticipate that new items such as iphonee3 released by large clients in March will further boost q2 requirements
The company’s previously announced 22-year performance guidelines underscore its confidence in the growth of its performance throughout the year.
The Division's project for fund-raising has been fully invested in the soft printing circuit board expansion project, which was planned in early 2021, and the first phase of the investment plan, which is being continued in Taiwan, China, in the second half of 2021 in the Indian park.
Year after year, Shenzhen 2nd Park moved forward as planned; on the hardboard side, the company's project to raise funds for the production of circuit boards in the high echelons of Hdi on the island of Qin was completed in 2020.
The capital plan and the hardboard transition investment plan, the high-end hdi and advanced slp class smart manufacturing projects in the 3rd Hianan Park are on schedule, and investments in the hardboard sector will be favourable to the public sector, with capital spending of $4.3 billion a year, for the construction of the headquarters building, Shenzhen.
The second campus construction project, the high-end hdi of the 3rd campus of Huai An, and the advanced slp class are capable of manufacturing projects, the first-stage investment plan for the Taiwan-Taiwan fpc project in China, etc. Profit forecasts and investment proposals. We maintain the profit projections, and the company is expected to be 2022-
) to maintain the “better than the city” rating.