The 5g communications facility tap — China Communications (000063.sz) is the world's leading provider of the solution, focusing on the operator's equipment business and benefiting from 5g
Cao Xuant has a very good base, a young and pragmatic management team, and research and development inputs have been operating for many years.
More than 10%, with R & D investment totalling over $100 billion over the last 10 years, nine years in the top five years of international patent applications, with operators with a high moat. *5g, the beginning of a new wave of technology, is the focus of global markets, compared to 3g and 4g weeks.
Meanwhile, the 5g investment cycle is expected to grow and be larger. The company’s share in the domestic bidding for cyber equipment has increased further this year, and the Māori rate has improved significantly, by 6.5 percentage points, compared to the previous year. Meanwhile, overseas markets have been affected by the epidemic, among other things, and the overall pace of investment has been slower, from the company itself.
A diversified business layout, with a “one-wing”-driven development model. Because of the apparently cyclical nature of the operator's business, companies are actively expanding their businesses and consumers in addition to focusing on the owner of the operator's equipment.
The State promotes a digital transformation of industries, with a huge market space for government and business. For years, companies have ploughed their markets, their product lines are rich, and their equipment is secure.
The company’s goldendb became the country’s first officially commercialized national product distribution database in large banks, and the company’s dynamic and multi-manufacturing product contributed to raising the company’s overall Māori ratio.
As the global market for mobile phones recovers, consumer demand is warming, and the penetration rate of 5g mobile phones is rising further. Companies have a deep technological build-up in mobile phones, and mobile phones are back in strategic focus in 2020.
The HSVS is 66.6% higher than the previous year, and is expected to be a new dynamic in the growth of corporate business. Chip R & D capability is an expression of the combined strength of a technology company, with microelectronics being a corporate chip research.
The bulk of development and operation is a leading domestic chip design and development firm, whose self-research core 7nm chip has been commercialized. The company is far-sighted, fully integrated, and fully integrated, and the deployment of a nuclear core is competitive.
The industry’s landscape is expected to increase the outreach and corporate valuation. 1. The world’s leading provider of the ict solution has thin hair, creating a global ict flagship.
Listed, with operations covering more than 160 countries and territories, serving more than one quarter of the world’s population, is the leading global provider of ict solutions that provide innovative technology and product solutions for global telecommunications operators, government clients, and consumers. After many years of operation, companies have become one of the world’s four leading providers of communications equipment.
Communication aims to build the core competitiveness of autonomous innovation in the 5g era, accelerating the global 5g commercial scale deployment with the leading 5g end-to-end product series and solutions.
The equity structure is fragmented, and the core team is in charge of the day-to-day management of the company. The equity structure of the company’s controlling shareholders is fragmented.
(b) • Henzhen (Group of Space Engineers) Ltd., a State-owned sole-sourced enterprise;
We believe that, in terms of equity ratios, no new shareholders in their holdings have control over the company’s finances and decision-making about its operations, so that there is no real controller and the company’s day-to-day operations are controlled by the company’s core management. Companies operate in a market-based manner, with clear management structures, and are conducive to corporate governance and development as a whole.
1.2 The new management is young and pragmatic, the management of the board of directors is restructured, compliance norms are valued, and the level of management of the business has increased significantly. In 2018, the board of directors of the company was fully replaced, Mr. Lee became the new chairman of the board, and a new management team was selected, appointed and appointed.
Telecommunications Clouds and Core Web Product Lines are CEO Seo Ziyang, CEO, Director of Wireless Research Wang Hiyo is the new cto, military camp, and Li is the executive vice president of the company, while Li is also the corporate finance director. This new senior management team is primarily internal selection, and is widely recognized as a protagonist within the central news agency.
New management teams have a wealth of business management experience, and corporate governance continues to improve on the basis of enhanced compliance. 1.3 Excellent science and technology research and development. Companies focus on technological accumulation and sustain high-intensity R & D inputs.
Global R & D institutions have been set up in the United States, Sweden, China, etc. By the end of 2020, research and development personnel stood at 31,747 persons, or 43.1% of the total, while further strengthening autonomous innovation, maintaining 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc.
China’s communications have a global patent volume of 80,000, more than 38,000 patents authorized, and have been the top five international patent applications for nine years in a row. Meanwhile, China’s communications have been developed by global 5g technology research and standards.
Major players and contributors. Companies keep high R & D inputs on a year-to-year basis to build protected rivers of technology products, with higher R & D inputs in a listed company, and R & D inputs remain above 10 per cent of operating income for many years in a row, exceeding the total R & D inputs in the last decade.
In the face of the opportunities and challenges of the internal and external environment, companies are focusing on the main business, focusing on the quality of their business, and actively promoting business expansion. By 2020, they returned to 100 billion dollars, bringing together a total of 101.5 billion yuan, an increase of 11.9 per cent.
In 2021, q3 companies actively promoted the expansion of their operations, generating revenue of 83,833 billion yuan, an increase of 13.44 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 36.82 per cent, an increase of 4.68 per cent over the same period the previous year. We believe that the gross company’s gross operator’s share of equipment has gradually increased and quickly returned to a virtuous development path.
The company's global market share of telecommunications equipment has declined, and the company has been actively adjusting its business strategy and has recovered rapidly: according to dell'oro data, the company's share of global telecommunications equipment suppliers in 2020 was 10 per cent, up from 2 pct and 1 pct in 2018 and 2019 respectively, returning to its highest level since 2014, the fourth highest in the world.
In addition to the traditional telecommunications operator equipment business, companies actively expand their operations in other areas and contribute to the sustained growth of their operations. In the area of government and business, companies have introduced high-performance servers, high-performance switches, storage, etc.
Distributed databases, full-module data centres, end-to-end digital transformation programs, etc., are a series of star products...and are recognized by clients.
The first of these is a officially commercial, national financial transaction-based database in the large banking core business system. The consumer business area is part of a complete corporate end-to-end communication solution and one of the directions underpinning future business growth.
Nubia, Red Demon, mobile phone business development is becoming more and more clear. 1.5-scale nuclear “core” competitiveness is self-researched, and microelectronics are at the forefront of the country's chip design companies.
Stock subsidiary, the company's major player in chip design and development. The 7nm core chip in Central Microelectronic 5g has been commercialized, building a high-value, smooth-evolved 5g network of product facilitators based on the high performance of the 7nm self-research chip. According to the Chinese Semiconductor Industry Association, China 2019.
In the next two years, it will focus on expanding the depth of the chip and the coverage of the core areas of communication, thus strengthening its own ownership. Business income is growing rapidly, and the Māori rate is slightly below the industry average. In 2020, it will be $9.17 billion.
We believe that this is mainly to reduce the cost of communications in parent companies, thereby affecting a certain Māori rate. In 2018, the low rate of Māori in medium-spill electronics was mainly due to the fact that some of the chips were sold electronically in mid-spill.
In the first half of 2020, the country’s three major operators accelerated the construction of 5g to take advantage of 5g commercial opportunities.
Microelectronics rush to suppliers such as upstream crystallized plants, and higher procurement prices lead to a decline in Māori rates. We believe that Māori rates are expected to return to their previous normal levels as the subsequent e-commerce procurement cycle returns to suppliers such as upstream crystallized plants.
Chips are used for their own purposes, and the share of related purchases is declining from year to year. As a controlling subsidiary of middle-growth telecommunications, the products are mainly used by middle-growth communications and their subsidiaries, and the share of associated companies is more than 80 per cent, but the share is lower from year to year, and there is much room for growth in the future.
Figure 5: Associated companies purchasing amounts and shares. We believe that, as central communications achieve 100 per cent control over central and dynamic electronics, and research and development investments increase further, self-research chips are expected to increase in the use of consumer products, while electronics are expected to continue to do so.
2. Operators' operations: double share and Māori increase in strategic development of 2.15g to raise industry-wide expenditures.
The country’s 5g network is in a global leadership position, having built 70% of the world’s base stations. In 2020, China moved 340,000 new 5g base stations, and telecommunications links built 300,000 shared stations.
An additional 640,000 stations. In 21 years, China moved to build a new 2.6 ghz base station and will share 480,000 stations with wide power, which will be completed in 21-22; in 21 years, telecommunications links are to build a total of 320,000 shared stations; by the end of September 2021, the total number of 5g base stations in China had broken out, reaching 1159,000, representing the total number of base stations.
Domestic operators’ spending has risen steadily, adopting the appropriate pre-emptive principle, and the investment cycle is expected to grow. – As the commercial year of 5g in 2020, the total capital expenditure of the three major operators was $333 billion, or 2019.
The three major operators plan 5g-related capital expenditure is $184.7 billion, an increase of 7.63% over 2020. We believe that the current 5g cycle will last 8-10 years, with a longer and larger investment cycle.
According to data published by the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the number of 4g base stations in the country as of the end of 2020 was 5.75 million, 5g base.
The number of stations needed to meet the signal coverage standard of 4g base stations, and given the impact of the operator ' s co-construction on the number of 5g base stations, it is conservatively estimated that a total of 6 million new stations will be required at 5g base stations (basicly flat 4g base stations, with coverage based on at least 1:1).
The average price of the 4g base station is 95,000, the price of the 5g base station is higher, assuming the average price of the station is 120,000, and the investment in the entire 5g wireless base station is estimated to be about $72 billion.The investment in the 5g base station is about 40-50% of the total 5g operator's investment in equipment, taking the median value of 45%.
In the five gigabytes strategy, the operator’s investment is gradually tilted toward the non-wire side. In the early stages of the construction, the operator’s capital was relatively high in terms of the wireless side, and in the latter part of the 5g, capital spending will shift to the non-wire side, such as netting.
The advantage of the “two gigabytes” of “Action Plan for Synergy in Development of the Network” (2021-2023), published by the Ministry of Technology and Communications in March 2021, is that f5g (the fifth generation of fixed nets) is included in the Government's report on its work, which complements the mobile network, and we believe that the current network of operators will continue to be dominated by wireless connections, but in the medium and long term, the firm is strong.
The share of non-wire-side operations, such as networks, will increase significantly, making it a new dynamic that will support the growth of corporate operators in the future. Sustained network investment by operators will inevitably lead to higher performance by upstream equipment providers.
2.2 The share of Māori increases and the share of the operator's equipment continues to grow. Companies receive a higher share in the bidding for network equipment. • In the bidding for wireless network equipment by the three major operators in the first quarter of 2020, companies moved in China in 2020.
In 2020, companies received 30% of the market share in a combined collection of telecommunications and connectivity. 5g 700m of wireless network master equipment from China's mobile public announcement on July 18, 2021 was awarded a bid for the central purchase of wireless equipment.
The company received 31 per cent of the share. In July 2021, the company won 35.6 per cent of the purchase of the 2.1g wireless network owner equipment, compared to a significant decline in the company ' s competitive share.
In the first quarter of 2020, Ericsson’s share fell, while Nokia’s 5g network was built by the country’s three major operators. In 2021, Nokia’s share was 4%, and Ericsson’s share was less than 2%.
The company bid price was essentially the same as that of China, which in 2021 offered 79,000 yuan for the mobile and wide power 5g 700m base station and 78,000 yuan for the station. In the subsequent joint call for proposals for telecommunications and connectivity, the company ' s offer for wireless equipment remained the same.
The rate of Māori in the operator ' s business continued to rise and the revenue in the business was steady. In 2020, the operator received 74 billion yuan, an increase of 11.2 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate of 33.8 per cent, a decrease of 8.8 percentage points in the same year.
The Māori rate fluctuates as a result of factors such as share competition, industry chain maturity, etc. In 21 years, H1 company operators collected $35 billion, an increase of 0.23%, Māori 42.8%, and, at the same cost, future costs are expected to decline rapidly as the upstream supply chain matures rapidly, driving the gross.
There is much room to increase the share of the overseas market in the operator's operations. According to data from dell'oro, the company's share of global communications equipment was 10 per cent in 2020, the company's share of domestic operators was about 30 per cent, the overseas market was affected by the epidemic, and the overall pace of investment was slower.
Business expansion takes place in the South-East Asian region, with a share of 10-15%. Compared to Ericsson and Nokia, the booming products are more compatible in the South-East Asian market and have a longer period of cooperation with local customers, so there is a greater advantage, and there is still room for further improvement in the future.
The competitiveness of Chinese manufacturers is clearly stronger than that of overseas producers, and they also have significant advantages in terms of cost and transportation services. We judge that, with the easing of relations between China and the United States, companies are expected to break through more overseas markets, with a significant share of 3.1 government firms with huge potential for digital markets.
A new generation of information technologies, represented by 5 g, combined with high-technology technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence, and the industrial Internet, will further empower the industry.
According to China’s Institute of Information and Communications Technology, China’s digital economy has grown from 2.6 trillion in 2005 to 39.2 trillion in 2020, with an increase of more than 14 times.
The global market for server capacity continues to expand, with a steady increase in the volume and volume of goods delivered: according to idc data, global server arrivals amounted to 12.2 million units in 2020, with $91 billion in delivery, global server loads amounted to 4.7 per cent in 2014-2020 and cagr amounted to 9.3 per cent in 2014-2020.
According to gartner data, cloud servers have become the main engine of growth in the server market. As the demand for data centres increases for telecommunications operators, the Internet giants are actively building cloud infrastructure, and we predict that the future global output of servers will continue to increase, with annual compound increases of around 5%.
According to the global company network equipment market report for 2020, released by dell’oro, the global business network communications equipment market grew steadily in 2014-2019, with a market size of 6% cagr.
We believe that, as the epidemic improves and economies recover, the overall business network equipment market is expected to grow by about 5% in 2021.
Figure 11: Size and acceleration of the global enterprise network communications equipment market, 2014-2020
Hardware thresholds are relatively high, and corporate lines are abundant. Industry customers need higher and higher thresholds for the stability and security of hardware products.
Classes (servers, storage, desktop clouds), digital security classes (routers, switches, firewalls), communications energy classes (modularized data centres, ups), videoconferencing, databases, etc., can provide industry clients with specialized solutions for vertical area needs.
With the global epidemic improving, we believe that the international market is expected to recover further, leading to corporate countries.
Inter-state business growth is rapid. In addition, corporate governance has a high capacity to produce a wide range of Maori products, and the rate of business ownership is expected to increase.
3.3 Expanding the focus of head pole customers on the creation of the biosphere Focusing on industry head customers and helping them to make a digital transition. The company seizes the opportunity of the digital transformation of the industry to achieve steady development in priority sectors such as “Government, transport, energy, finance, enterprise, education” and
In 2019, the company launched a “two-hundred-thousand program,” which provided customized industry solutions to clients and helped them to make a digital transition, with good results.
In August 2021, the Steam Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Shenzhen with the China-China News Group, which will cooperate in depth in the areas of automobile electronics, the 5g industry, digitization, branding, business management. We believe that the expansion of head customers is conducive to building industry poles, and to increasing the share of products and companies.
In 2020, companies began to expand channels and ecological inputs, adding more than 1,200 new partners, focusing on channels, managing process re-engineering, working on better service delivery partners, etc.
With the participation of partners, we are committed to building trustable channels of partnership, and we believe that, as opposed to the market for operators, the market for political firms has a large number of customers and is spread across a wide range of industries, the customers need to be more diverse, rely on the channels for their development and servicing, and companies value the formation of the biosphere.
Consumer business is back on its feet, and 4.15g promotes demand for power exchange.
The global mobile market has recovered, and consumer demand has risen. As an important end to the 5g era of connectivity, mobile phones are a very important data portal.
According to idc statistics, global cellular output reached 990 million in the first three quarters of 2021, a year-on-year increase, and we believe that, due to the tight supply of spare parts, it is bound to have an impact on the volume of 2021q4, which is expected to increase only slightly from last year.
The global market is expected to grow even further with the use of new technologies such as full screens, fold screens, etc. 5g mobile phone penetration has increased further. According to a report issued by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in January-September 2021, the total volume of mobile phones on the domestic market was 249 million, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent, of which 5g mobile phone output was 1.83 per cent.
One billion, or 70.4 per cent more than the same year, accounted for 73.8 per cent of cellular output during the same period, and we believe that, with the fall in the price of 5g mobile phones and the cost of the 5g package, it is expected that the penetration rate of 5g mobile phones in the country will reach more than 80 per cent in 2022.
China’s old-fashioned mobile-phone manufacturer, with a strong accumulation of technology, established the Mobile Products Department in 1998 and entered the mobile-phone market, and successfully launched in 1999 the first stage of its autonomous development, gsm mobile phone zte189, and was keen to capture market opportunities for small-mindedness;
• In 2001, China launched the global Cdma card-separated Cdma mobile phone zte802, which broke through China ' s cdma, which was listed in mid-2010, and led to great success in overseas markets, with domestic sales of more than 10 million copies in 2011, after Appleiphone 4;
In the 5-g era, axon10/axon20/axon30 and other 5g mobile phone products were released. Of these, axon20 was officially launched in July 2020 as the global first full screen phone; the super-high-head material of 27 July 2021 showed further improvement.
4.3 The three major brands have a strategic focus on 1+2+n. Mobile phone business is back to corporate strategic focus, “Build a product layout for `1+2+n'.” China Communications President Seo Ziyang reaffirms the importance of terminal business, emphasizing that consumer business is part of a corporate end-to-end solution and supports it.
The company appointed Neng Fei as the general manager of the China-China Communications and Consumers Department, the three major mobile phone brands, Nubia, and Red. Neng Fei, with extensive industry experience, once created the Nubia brand, was targeted at the Nubia brand.
In 2018, as a result of United States sanctions, the company’s consumer business experienced a sharp decline. – In 2020, the company’s consumer business income stopped falling back, and the business as a whole was on the right track, with H1 in 2021.
While the Division's consumer business generated $12.35 billion, an increase of 66.6 per cent over the same period, he proposed “making the smart end product layout of `1+2+n', with hand-held machine layout at its core, focusing on two directions for personal and household data, and a layout of n eco-products.
4.4 Establishment of a combination of retail systems on-line and off-line and multi-dimensional construction of retail systems.
On the other hand, China is working together through various channels, such as the State, the State, the State, the Ministry, the Ministry of Supply, etc., to fully operationalize the operators and the open market.
So far, more than 3,000 retail positions have been built, and the construction will be the first five-g-execution experience. We believe that 5g technology is bound to lead to a new wave of switchboards, and that the global mobile phone market is expected to return to more than 1.4 billion, with huge market space.
5. Profit forecasting and investment advice. Companies have a good basic profile and continue to invest in R & D. With 5g new infrastructure, companies are equipped with domestic operators.
The share of business is expanding and profits are rising steadily. Overseas markets are expected to recover, equipment sales revenue will be consolidated in the three major brands, Nubia, Red Demon, and the share of online and offline channels is expected to increase further, leading to growth in corporate consumer business. In 2021-2023, corporate consumer revenues are expected to grow at a rate of 50%,
The company's business includes the main business of the operator network, the consumer business, the government business, and the microelectronic chip business. We value the company using the divisional valuation method. The main business selects starnet sharpness, purple light shares, wave information as a comparable company, with an average of 26 times pe, and the main business is reasonably valued for 21 years.
2001 billion. China’s modest e-selection of Beijing’s Gyeongzheng, Mt.I., Weir’s shares as comparable companies, the average 5g applied less than expected, and the operator’s investment slowed. If the operator’s capital expenditure falls short of expectations, it will affect the development of the company’s operator’s business.
The epidemic has led to less than expected growth in overseas operations. With the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, there is a network builder’s own research view. Any portion of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and personal investment proposals, any form of written or verbal commitment to share the return on securities investment or share the losses of securities investment is ineffective.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.