Chinese drug otc tap, powerful brand + channel advantage 26/09/2023 Keyword: #industry integration
▪ The "Self-diagnostic + Prescription" platform company, which has equity incentives to show confidence in performance, and the "inherited + outreach" to consolidate the vanguard. The company’s core business is located in the area of chc health consumer goods and prescription drugs, which is designed to improve the product matrix through endogenous + extension, covering such areas as flu, stomach, skin, bone, paediatrics, etc.
Deepening the profile of the healthy industry. Based on confidence in future development, companies develop equity incentive schemes that are not below the average level of industry or the 75-segregated level of target enterprises, and the implementation of equity incentive plays a positive role in enabling the Department to achieve the goal of doubling its business income.
The company ' s Chc healthy consumer goods business achieved operating income of $11,384 million, an increase of 22.73 per cent.In the first half of 2023, the company seized on industry opportunities, with Chc generating $6,819 million, an increase of 23.19 per cent.
The pharmaceutical industry enjoyed a high degree of recognition, with 28 varieties with annual sales of more than $1 billion in 2022.The “1+n” branding strategy yielded better results, adding to the “Son,” “Soon Peak,” “Good dolls”, “Friendly recovery”, “Concentre,” “Aono” and so forth.
The company acquired the Quan Pharmacy Group to supplement the original business map and to explore the future of “Kun-China 1381” as “Hao-Yun 39 (000999); self-diagnosis.
The company’s management and end-covering capabilities are growing rapidly, and net interest rates are rising steadily. Grand, as of 2023, h1, the company covers more than 400,000 pharmacies across the country, while at the same time using online channels.
The Division’s performance is rising upwards at the tipping point, and the layout matches the trend in the Chc industry. The rich product mix strengthens the large branding effect and channel distribution, and we expect future Chc operations to grow steadily.
Prescription drug plate: Active embrace of changes in industry, promising to bounce back. The Chinese pharmaceutical formulation industry has expanded, while the implementation of the new national label has raised the threshold for Chinese pharmaceutical formulation particles, based on its own products.
Growing marketing networks and production patterns in the whole industry chain have had a clear pre-emptive advantage. Specialized businesses are growing.
Trade factors, such as double-counting, which lead to prescriptions being explored for policy implications, are expected to lead to a resilient growth. The impact of the sharp increase in the cost of selling medicines has been reduced.
As a leading Chinese pharmaceutical otc company, brand + channel + product has a significant advantage, covering for the first time, the “buying of self-diagnostic + prescription drugs” platform, the home country otc leader, the famous brand of Chinese pharmaceutical health for nearly four decades.
In 2010, the name of the company was changed from the “39-Medical Holdings Division” to the “Thirty-Nin Pharmaceuticals Company”. The company was mainly involved in research and development, production and marketing of pharmaceutical products.
With regard to health services, the core business of the main battalion is located in the area of chc (consumerhealthcare) health consumer goods and prescription drugs, with 28 varieties with annual sales of over 100 million yuan in 2022, and the “999” brands in both the consumer and pharmaceutical industries rely on the National Finance Committee, concentration of shares, and structural stability. The company actually controls China-China-Yuan Limited.
As of 2023h1, the listed company China Yun Pharmaceuticals Corporation holds 3963% of the shares of Hua Yun, a fully-owned subsidiary, China Rain Medicine Holdings Ltd. Mr. Qiu Hua Wei, the current Chairman of the Board, graduated from the field of genetics and genetic engineering in Kwanda, formerly as Chairman of the 39 Medicines Trading Company Ltd. in Shenzhen City, China Yun China.