Tigermed (300347 CH)
Targeting the broad global market
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB134.24
Tigermed reported 2022 revenue/attributable net income/attributable recurring net
(Previous TP
RMB147.43)
income of RMB7,085mn/ RMB2,007mn/ RMB1,540mn, +35.9% YoY/ -30.2% YoY/
Up/Downside
32.5%
+25.0% YoY. Revenue was largely in line with our forecast while attributable
Current Price
RMB101.50
recurring net income missed our forecast by 8.9%. The decline of attributable
China Healthcare
net income in 2022 was mainly due to the decreased fair value gains from
RMB1,815mn in 2021 to RMB536mn in 2022. Gross profit margin (GPM)
Jill WU, CFA
deteriorated by 3.9ppt to 39.6% in 2022, due to the revenue recognition from
low-margin COVID-19 related revenue (including pass-through revenue to
overseas sub-contractors) as well as the COVID pandemic in China. New orders
Benchen HUANG, CFA
amounted to RMB9.7bn in 2022, flattish vs 2021; while non-COVID-19 related
new orders increased by c.25% YoY in 2022, demonstrating a robust growth of
the core business. Total backlog reached RMB13.8bn (+22.9% YoY) by the end
Stock Data
of 2022, a solid guarantee for sustainable growth.
Accelerating globalization. Tigermed has utilized COVID-19 pandemic as
an opportunity to access and expand overseas markets. The Company
enabled 4 COVID-19 vaccine EUAs in China and overseas in 2022. In
Source: FactSet
addition, Tigermed acquired a Croatia-based clinical CRO, Marti Farm, in
Shareholding Structure
Jan 2023, further enhancing its service capability in Europe. The
management indicated that the Company will integrate BD team in Europe
to enhance BD efficiency in 2023. In the US, Tigmerd had collaborations
with over 100 clinical sites. With its growing global network and good track
Share Performance
record, Tigermed has won more chances to participate in MRCT projects.
As of Dec 2022, the Company had 62 MRCT projects in the pipeline,
compared with only 20 as of Dec 2020. Tigermed also takes a proactive
approach to explore business opportunities in Southeast Asia and Latin
Source: FactSet
America. Such regions are potential end markets for Chinese drug
12-mth Price Performance
developers, which will create additional demand for Tigermed in overseas
market. To fuel its global expansion, Tigermed added 400 employees in
overseas regions, representing 44% of the total new hiring in 2022.
1751101051009590858075Mar-22
Adopting new technologies to enhance work efficiency. Tigermed
established Tigermed Digital Promotion Center and Decentralized Clinical
Trial (DCT) Solution Team. DCT platform uses new technologies to perform
critical clinical trial related procedures, such as participant enrolment/
Source: FactSet
engagement, site management, data aggregation, quality/ cost balance and
study services. DCT platform, already used in certain projects, will reduce
patient burden and improve clinical service efficiency. We think the launch
of DCT platform will help Tigermed to keep up with leading foreign peers
regarding service digitalization and work efficiency.
Maintain BUY. We revised our TP from RMB147.43 to RMB134.24, based
on a 10-year DCF model (WACC: 10.6%, terminal growth rate: 3.0%), to
factor in slower revenue growth projection. We forecast Tigermed's revenue
to grow 20%/ 26%/ 25% YoY and attributable recurring net income to grow
29%/ 27%/ 26% YoY in FY23E/ 24E/ 25E, respectively.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US. Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.