Segawa technology (300124.sz) buys (first rating)
Industry and control leads: Internal and external growth establishes a multi-sector leading market position, which continues to grow over a decade of cyclical performance. Good management: the company’s entrepreneurial team comes from the Chinese Electric Department of Electric and Electronic Yellow Poll, which has “Wah is the wolf gene plus the international vision of Emerson”. Focus on research and development: absorbing China to create a technology-based culture of innovation.
Incentives: Three successive rounds of equity incentives, with wide coverage, to share the company’s high-speed development dividends with its employees. The solid foundation – the automated sector – will be in the golden decade, and its performance is expected to continue to grow.
The recovery in the manufacturing industry + the demand for automation technology has led to a recovery in industrial controls, and the year 2017 will be the “Golden Decade” for industry development, where generic automation products will continue to gain a share through industry marketing models based on brands, products, size and service advantages, with generic automation expected over the next three years.
Elevators, servers, etc. will maintain a 10-20% growth through penetration by foreign clients, application expansion, etc. The transhipment operation has progressed at a stage throughout the country, and it is clear to you that the exact product direction and clear marketing is the company’s winning tool.
In recognition of industry trends and precision in client demand, the company has chosen the right product direction over three different periods, continuously refining the platform and systematizing layout, and helping to market products at different times by means of import substitution, technology marketing, industry marketing, etc.
The understanding of industry processes, and the marketing of precision industrial chains, have become the most important strategy of the time. The future of the future – the creation of a new energy vehicle and a “double king strategy” for intelligent manufacturing: the consolidation of passenger traffic through the binding of a passenger bus: a 200% increase in the revenue of a logistics truck in 2017, which has broken through most of the top 10 customers;
Some of the customers have already been supplied by using the “Go Out, Come In, Localize” vehicle strategy, which targets a class of vehicles for future c end-of-consumption markets. The “core parts + whole machines + visual + crafts” robotics strategy has been implemented, and corporate scara robot sales have been growing at high rates for years: with electricity.
The industrial Internet operations of a wide range of equipment-based companies, such as ladders, air-pressors and others, will continue to expand rapidly: at the same time, the development of industrial software, such as Mes, has begun in 2018 to create software, information layouts.
Lack of demand as expected risk: E-factor supply stress risk: new energy policy risk; inventory uplift risk 1; industry-controlled industry leader with steady growth in performance 1.1 “Wow is the wolf gene + the Emerson International Vision”, with a large corporate integrated capability
The company focuses on core technologies such as electric power drivers and controls, electrical power electronics, industrial network communications, insisting on customized solutions for “industrial controls and processes” for the segmented industry, and on business strategies for import substitution to meet the demand for diversified products and solutions for many downstream customers.
Sinkkawa Technology Inc. was founded in 2003 and listed in September 2010 at the end of its business career. In 2003, the company was established to focus on the FCC products and programmes. In 2008, the company was keenly aware that integrated automated products were the way forward and began to develop plc and servo systems: in 2013, the company started to develop plc and servo systems.
Taking advantage of the opportunities for integration of electromechanics and electromechanicals, focusing on integrated electromechanical automation products and programmes, robotics were deployed in 2014, automobiles and electronics in 2015: in 2017, the company was fully equipped with intelligent manufacturing, started in 2018, and the company’s founding team came from the China Electric Department, with more than 20 years of collaborative experience to date.
The chairman of the board sold An-Sang Electric to the world’s 500-thousand Emerson, the then director of the product line of the An-Sang-Sang electrical transformer, Chu Heming, who soon opted to leave to create the technology in Sichuan, and 16 of the 19 sponsors of the technology in Sinkkawa had a Chinese working background. Most of the major teams in Sinkuan technology were 70 years later.
And they're the best schools in the industry, they've worked together since the time of the An-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-S, and they've worked together for almost 20 years with the co-operation of the "Wa-E-E-M-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-T-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T., and-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-T.-T.
The top talent hired by the payroll has autonomous R & D capabilities in the electronics of electricity, such as telecommunications, with a strong Chinese culture of wolficism, while the integration into Emerson has allowed this entrepreneurial group to absorb both external planning and broad international perspectives.
Many of them are off the market, and a large number of them are still on the market. Most of these start-ups revolve around technological areas such as frequency, pressure, inversion, temperature control, industrial automation, big data, telecommunications, wind and light, and new energy vehicles.
The company actually controls the chairman of the company, Mr. Chu Heung Minh, with a direct share ratio of 5.56 per cent and 43 per cent of the shares of Shenzhen Segawa Investments Ltd. and 8 per cent of the shares of the company indirectly.
Partly a team of company founders, most of whom are from the Emmersian family, the top 10 shareholders holding shares in the company, the creation of a multi-field leading market position for the in-house extension of 1.2, the guarantee of a decade of sustained high growth in the company's performance, the accumulation of many years of R & D production experience and the expansion of its operations, the production of the company's products from a single frequency transformer.
The company’s in-house expansion gradually develops into five major business plates: industrial automation, industrial robotics, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, industrial Internet, and the company’s products are widely used in new energy vehicles, elevators, air pressurers, industrial robots/mechanical hands, 30 manufacturing, lithium.
Figure 4: Corporate product lines have a high market leadership position for most of them. Figure 5: Corporate products expanded from single-frequency transformers to automated products and solutions platforming companies.
The company ' s frequency changer-type products account for a larger share of revenue, with a revenue of $1,186 million, compared with the firm ' s better competitive advantage in a wide range of subsectors through advanced technology marketing and industry marketing strategies, a steady increase in business earnings and net profits, and the upgrading of our manufacturing industry and its growth in manufacturing.
Higher levels of automated production, faster demand for industrial automation products in equipment manufacturing and end markets, and rapid growth in market demand for new energy vehicles, driven by domestic environmental demand; and lower combined Māori rates for company products in 2017 as a result of higher shares of low Māori-rate products, such as new energy sources
It is 45.12%, but it is still at a high level. The company has achieved a certain market position in a number of areas by relying on such advantages as product differentiation, lower production outcomes, industry customization solutions, and localized rapid response capabilities, which have kept its product combined Māori rates high.
In 2017, the level of plc, variant products remained high, and the rate of new energy products fell slightly. Competition has intensified further in recent years, thanks to strong government support, with the fall in subsidies, higher costs, a decline in the rate of new energy operations, and a decline in the rate of new energy vehicles, with 2018h1
The increase of 6 pcts is mainly due to the relatively low return point in the last year, where companies will continue to increase their research and development of core technologies, and will continue to insist on products, business models and management innovations, as well as on the introduction of new high Māori rates and industry depth solutions to maintain stability in the overall Māori ratio of corporate products.
1.3 Equity Incentives + Focusing on Research and Development (R & D) for Strong Competitiveness
International leaders in technology, companies have further upgraded the core technological levels of new energy motor power generation, power and power control, industrial robotic design, and have consolidated the company’s leading position in this area, and in the future it will continue to increase its R & D staffing and investment in R & D platforms.
Industrial automation, on the one hand, emphasizes the technological strength of the product itself, and, on the other hand, tests the maturity of the application process in different industries. Companies that lead industrial automation products in their own countries not only have access to the nuclears of vectors, transformers, server systems, programmable logic controllers, encoders, electromagnetic synchronisers, etc.
Heart skills. And for many years, with industry marketing thinking, new energy cars, elevators, lifts, lifts, and, according to the company's annual report, over 20 priority R & D projects have been completed by the company over the past three years, while 15 priority projects have been developed in the course of development.
At the same time, three stages of equity incentives to bind the interests of the core workforce are conducive to the firm’s long-term stability.
Incentives reached 1,053 in three phases, effectively attracting and retaining excellence and fully mobilizing corporate executives, senior managers, middle managers, and company core technical (business) personnel.The third phase of equity incentives, with a total of four unlocking periods, was completed only on 25 January 2018.
0.71 per cent of the total number of persons targeted for the current incentive was 619 and the remaining three were not unlocked.2 Breathing base - the traditional master automation business continued to grow at a high rate of 2.1 downstream manufacturing recovery + higher demand for automation technology led to a recovery in industrial controls
The process of industrial automation in the twenty-first century can be divided into four phases: (1) the industry was running at a continuous high speed and long-term from 2000 to 2008; downstream manufacturing recovery and the demand for automated technology change led to a recovery in industrial control:
(1) Downstream manufacturing recovery is expected to outpace industry and markets, with oem markets outpacing project-based markets for the first time in 2017. Industry-controlled markets showed a growing trend in 2017, with oem markets exceeding project-based markets for the first time in q1-q4 quarters, benefiting from a significant increase in spending on technology change, and 3c industrial chains.
The most rapid increase in the market was recorded in the oem segment, which grew by 53.5 per cent in 2017, while the construction machinery more closely reflected the industrial logic of a centralized replacement of production and sales under the tide, which grew by 31.2 per cent in 2017 (2).
The improvement is ahead of the recovery in fixed-asset investment in manufacturing. From the long experience of the past, total manufacturing profits are almost synchronized with fixed-asset investment in manufacturing, and after the financial crisis, manufacturing has suffered from a chronic downturn, and the downward trend in profits has been so evident that many of the less competitive small and medium-sized enterprises have suffered annual losses.
End-of-life capacity: at the end of 15 years, the total profits of manufacturing firms increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, but the retained high-quality manufacturing firms did not want to expand rapidly after their earnings changed, but rather reduced leverage, as shown by capital, prudent spending, and continued optimization of profitability; the manufacturing cumulative growth rate in September 2016 was reversed at the same rate.
The logic behind this round of manufacturing recovery is that the manufacturing industry’s profits have improved – the Leveraging statements – to invest in re-production. Upgrading the level of manufacturing automation and import substitution will contribute to the country’s sustained growth and long-term growth in the industrial and regulatory sectors.
The main trends driving the continued growth of the industrial sector during the period of shock and adjustment of the country's industrial automation sector are the following: first, the rising human costs associated with the gradual disappearance of the country's demographic dividend will contribute in the long term to the growth of the demand for industrial automation; and, second, the country's product brands, through differentiated competitive strategies, will capture the market share of foreign brands.
The current market is increasing. The system of domestically produced industrially controlled products is now improving, benefiting the country's products, initially from individual products with lower technological thresholds to those with higher technological thresholds, further mentioning high product competitiveness, and industry-led enterprises will be working in the future as industry is increasingly integrated and concentrated.
The growth logic of the industry is driven by past downstream manufacturing investment, upgrading to industrial automation and differential demand for production processes, processes, etc.
In the short term, a sustained recovery in manufacturing and a surge in demand in new and emerging industries will contribute to the growth of the industry, which, in the medium and long term, will fully stimulate the automation of the country's industrial controls, which are still expected to be the “Golden Decade.” At the beginning of this year, we decided that the rate of increase in industrial controls should be at the same level as the rate of increase throughout the year.
10-12 per cent, but the real growth loop has declined in each quarter of the year, with semi-annual growth in the industrial automation sector at 10.4 per cent. We believe that the need for short-term expansion in the automated sector remains high, but is influenced by external factors such as the manufacturing phase, the financial factors and the trade war, perhaps in individual months, quarters and even.
But “China’s manufacturing 2025” is in the same direction, and is a strategic move toward solid industrialization and deeper integration of information and the creation of powerful countries. The Central Economic Conference of 2017 and the government’s report on its work in 2018 have repeatedly emphasized the upgrading of manufacturing.
China’s shift in speed toward Chinese quality, and the shift from a major manufacturing power to a major manufacturing power, has become a goal and direction for China’s future. Thus, in the long run, the development of automated industrial controls has ushered in an optimal period of growth in external policy-making and substantial demand growth.
In the context of the Golden Decade: according to our field studies, the average level of industrial manufacturing is only 2.0 for industry, and most processing manufacturing enterprises still have lower value added to the lower-middle- and lower-end markets, while the overall level of automation is lagging behind.
The Golden Decade’s main drivers: the gradual loss of the demographic dividend, and the accelerated pace of industrial automation in the broader context of industrial clustering are imperatives. My average per capita wage in our manufacturing industry rose from $8,750 per year in 2000 to $59470 per year in 2016, while enterprises have been experiencing increased recruitment difficulties in the last two years.
The high cost of labour, the rising cost of manpower, has led to a growing demand for automation equipment in manufacturing, and a shorter and shorter cycle of return on investment in machine-substitution labour. Meanwhile, more and more medium- and low-end processing manufacturing industries have been gradually withdrawn from this “world factory” in China to countries in South-East Asia, with clusters attached to the upper-middle poles.
The Golden Decade’s engine: increased R & D costs and spending on science and technology will accelerate the upgrading of our manufacturing technology. The upgrading of manufacturing will require increased R & D and technological inputs, and the more advanced R & D capacity, and technological change.
Power and demand will grow. R & D spending improved on the same scale in 2016...and science and technology spending increased significantly in 2017, which we believe could open up a new cycle of innovation weeks in the early 1980s and late 1990s, with manufacturing increasing R & D and technology investment, and accelerating the upgrading of the transition, meaning that the country's vast low-end manufacturing sector is moving ahead.
The shift toward higher-end manufacturing is accompanied by a rapid increase in the efficiency of manufacturing production. The intellectualization of machinery as a whole, the level of networking, and the automation of manufacturing will greatly drive the continuing demand for self-controlled products.
2.2 Managing market trends and achieving high growth in generic operations General automation of corporate operations, including generic frequency transformers, universal server systems, plc&hmi, encoder, etc. Products and solutions, through industry focus and large clients, adheres to “industry marketing plus technology marketing plus brand camps”
In 2017, the general automation business of the company received $1,869 million, an increase of 69.36 per cent, of which 1,108 million, an increase of 59.20 per cent, a rise of 636 million, a rise of about 100 per cent, a rise of about 125 million, a rise of about 75 per cent, and a growth of the general frequency changer capacity.
The utilization rate reached 167 per cent. The fixed cost was further reduced, with 100,386 GTOs in production capacity and 10,3428 GTOs in service.
The company, which started operating as a transformer in the early years of its existence in 2003, but was only a frequency changer in the vf mode of control, started operating in the direction of popularizing the vector changer and, after continuous research and development, opened a breakthrough in the area of the vector changer, which had an annual growth rate of more than 15 per cent, and launched the md300/md320 series of high performances and models.
Blockized vector transformers. Meanwhile, with the rapid growth of real estate in China in 2007, the entire elevator, industrial and regulatory markets began to recover, corporate frequency changer operations entered a high-growth phase, and in 2010 benefited from project-type expansion companies with a peak growth of 88.21% in the same year; and industry benefits in 2013.
In the textile industry, companies have made breakthroughs in lotus100, special electronic roll-through systems, jet-weaving systems and bulk sales in the weight-lifting industry.
Diffusion technology is breaking out, with the 2017 md500 mini-power and the md810 series being re-tested, and the introduction of integrated solutions such as air-pressure machines, textiles, 3c, lithium, etc. Generic low-voltage transformers are corporate start-up products, and corporate general-frequency combinations for the decade 2007-2017
The growth in revenue is close to 25%, which actually goes beyond the cycle. In 2017, the company ' s GFX business grew rapidly, reaching 1.11 billion yuan, an increase of 59.2% from the same year, and about 630 million from the 2018h1 battalion, an increase of 27% from the same year.
Low-pressure transformers are the largest segmented product area downstream of the industrial-controlled sector, with intense competition, which has developed over the years, reaching $18.5 billion in 2017, an increase of 13.5 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with companies accumulating over many years of research and development and the market, with a 9.8 per cent market share on the domestic market in 2016, the largest supplier of transformers in the country.
The company is also promoting industry-oriented marketing programmes, and we believe that there is a high likelihood that the company’s market share will increase further in the future.
In 2011, the company set up a research and development centre in Italy, specifically targeting existing power-driven technologies, while building reliable production links in professionally staffed Suzhou factories.
An efficient technology platform, which opened up the market through “international experts + domestic supply chains,” has gradually become one of the leading firms in the domestic servo industry around 2012. And, over the next few years, product and solution capacity has been improved, with a new generation of universal servers launched in 2013
There are 600p/is620p series of products that have made breakthroughs in performance indicators such as fast positioning, trajectory plugging, multiaxis synchronous control, acquisition of Easterton, integration of the electric fluids server industry chain: in 2015, the company launched a series of IS650 and improved electric fluids server 580 series, with some configuration and production of high power servers.
Optimization of product design; introduction in 2017 of more than 810 and Sv820 axle servers, as well as full-power, common-mortality platform (es810), ipm condenser, oil voltage solutions, etc. General-purpose servers have grown most dramatically in recent years, with company servers in 2017
About 100% of the growth is high, with about 636 million yuan in revenue. Subscribe products are used mainly in the oem market, downstream, the main markets being machine tools, electronic manufacturing, packaging machines and textile machinery, and since 2016, the most important driving forces of the growing demand for products have been new industries, such as mobile phone manufacturing, electronics, semiconductors, lithium, etc.
Industry solutions add to the rapid growth of brand marketing strategies, which has led to a significant increase in the share of the market. In 2016, 2017, owing to demand growth in emerging sectors such as 30 manufacturing, semiconductors, etc., the size of the servo market has grown significantly, reaching $9.408 billion in 2017, an increase of 28%.
Of the four companies in the first line of the server system, Matsumoto, Angawa and Mitsubishi are solar brands, which together account for 45.6 per cent of the market share, while the national product brand, with its flagship technology, exceeds many European and American brands, immediately after the day, has a market share of 6.8 per cent, and the company owns a server driver, a server and a code.
A variety of technological R & D advantages, such as instrument products, will be captured through differentiated competitive strategies to capture the market share of foreign brands, and the future market share is expected to increase further.
Corporate plc products are fully covered and technology breaks open. Corporate plc products range from display control, small-sized plc to medium-sized plc, which is one of the key components of the plant automation control system, so in large projects customers tend to turn more off on the plc brands.
A breakthrough was made in the area of large and medium-sized plc, where, in 2017, the public sector received 125 million yuan, a 75 per cent increase, due to the low base of company plc operations.pc downstream applications were equally dispersed, with textile machinery, packaging, food and beverages, plastics.
Machines, electronics manufacturing, pharmaceutical machinery, etc., are in the oem market, the project-based market of automobiles, utilities, metallurgy, electricity, etc., with a market size close to $10 billion in 2017, an increase of around 25 per cent over the same period, with the public sector accounting for approximately 1.3 per cent, and companies using a common server-led sales strategy for the plc operation.
The company ' s plc operations are expected to grow at a rapid pace, using the servile distribution channels and accompanying integrated outreach strategies. 2.3 The company ' s elevator operations are steadily increasing, with elevator security and elevators connected.
Te. In 2003, the company launched an elevator control system operation and invested in the establishment of Mernak, with 40 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, together with the lead company in the domestic elevator industry, Jiang Nam Jiaje; and in 2007, the company signed an equity transfer agreement with Jiang Nam Jiaje, changing the share ratio to 100 per cent, and deep-deeping the elevator as a single machine market;
Then in 2013, in order to strengthen the company ' s elevator capacity and solutions, the company, together with Bestte, financed the establishment of the Shanghai Merbert, with 50% of the company ' s shareholding. The company focused on the upgrading of elevator products, always leading the industry ' s technological development.
The introduction of import substitution encountered price problems and then relied on technological advantages to open the market for custom-made machines for customers. In 2005, the nice 3,000 elevator integrated controllers were released, which integrated elevator logic control and elevator lifts, optimized the elevator control driver structure, reduced costs and significantly reduced the present.
In 2007, the fully-owned stock company Mernak followed by the elevator industry launched an updated version of Nice5,000 elevator integration to ensure a competitive edge for companies; in 2014, the Department began to foster industrial Internet operations and gradually infiltrated industries such as cranes, air pressurers, etc.; in 2016, the Ministry of Finance and Finance launched a new version of the new version of Nice 5000 elevators to ensure the company ' s competitive advantage.
The company ' s launch of the nice9000 quadrant, the new item networked smart terminal, the ucmp solution, etc., has effectively enhanced the ability of the company to integrate solutions and has achieved far more growth in the company ' s elevator business than in the industry in 2017 with major international clients and overseas markets, with 1.5 million cumulative performances.
In 2017, the company operated a line of industry in the elevator industry, dividing the whole business into oem and eu blocks, introducing a number of highly competitive solutions, which grew by nearly 15.8% that year, significantly exceeding the rate of growth in the industry. In recent years, it has benefited from continuous technological breakthroughs and from old customers.
The company has accumulated more than 1.5 million ICs and frequency transformers in the elevator industry and has become a leading provider of ICs.
Elevator maintenance and elevator connection will be the main thrust of the industry. Elevator operations are linked to real-estate markets, orthopaedics, etc. The pace of investment in real-estate development has slowed in recent years, the elevator industry is in a critical phase of transformation, the demand for elevators has peaked, and the output of elevators has been declining.
In the next 5-8 years or so, Chinese elevator holdings will reach 8 million, accounting for more than 40 per cent of the world's elevator holdings, and the market for elevator security is vast.
Growth point 1: Companies actively target foreign top customers in the industry, expand their markets and overseas markets, and continuously increase their presence in the industry. Companies now account for about 70% of the country’s brand-up controllers.
In recent years, the market has continued to increase in the country's product-plating elevators, and Mernak is now mainly active in expanding the European-American system's customers, the market space, its elevator control cabinets, the nice 3,000+ one machine, doors and fittings, and so on, the completion of the standard en81-20 certification by the world's top certification institutions, which is a rare acquisition in the country.
The company is now working with multinational companies such as the Tungshuper Elevator Group, the Tikamp Group, the Integrated Control Unit, the Goods Network, the Control cabinet, etc. on products such as frequency changers, integrated control devices, and active and continuous follow-up with other well-known foreign-owned customers in other industries, such as fast-forwarding.
In the market, companies are also actively expanding to large emerging economies such as India and Brazil, where the demand for infrastructure-derived elevators corresponds to a similar surge in the Chinese elevator industry in 2000-2010: the company provides post-elevator services through the Internet + elevator.
Ideas are applied to post-elevator market services, where the "Internet+Elevator" model is proposed, where the company enters the elevator maintenance market, and the "Internet+Elevator" model is mainly a five-point extension of the post-elevator market life cycle. As the elevator one-stop operation slows down and the elevator cloud operates, and the market expands, the market will grow in the future.
To become the focus of the elevator business and to become a new growth point for the company.
2.4 The high growth of the electric fluid server, which is being expanded from a transvestite to other downstream applications, includes products and solutions such as a plasticiser control system, a server drive, a server, and a solution. In 2017, while the electric fluids department was consolidating the plastics industry, it was actively laying other hydraulic pressures.
In the areas of oil voltage, casts, benders, etc., and in terms of products and solutions, the company has launched a full-power co-mortex multi-serving platform (es810), an ipm condenser, an oil cooling server system, a specially designed control system for press casts, and an oil voltage solution.
The company’s industry line operations are expected to further increase the city’s share. The company’s hydration server solution has now been extended to the full-power infusion, oil voltage, etc., and as these industries develop, the demand will be higher downstream.
Modelling has increased and clients are increasingly demanding on product quality, and the hydraulic equipment industry has been forced to upgrade its eyelashes and hydraulic servers have become a trend; companies have become a few suppliers in the industry that can provide full-power, dynamic-plastic core components and system solutions, and will continue to position high-end markets and access them in the future.
It is expected that further improvements will be achieved by operating through the industry line. 2.5 Track trade: there are sufficient orders in hand to move further to the national level.
In January 2017, in the form of a build-up of the shares of natural persons, Mr. Chu pledged to assist in obtaining at least one complete copy of the city subway tender in China for the combined two years of the longitude track from 2017 to 2018 (excluding Suzhou and Shenzhen).
(a) Towed system orders (including 1 article), which, if not completed, transfer 9.1 per cent of the shares held by Mr. Jeong to or from the former shareholders in the longitude orbit;
It is one of the most important components of the road traffic barrier, which is dominated by foreign capital enterprises such as Siemens, Alston, Bombardy, abb, and private domestic enterprises such as China and the United Kingdom.
The company ' s railing operations are geared towards servicing the towing and control systems in the field of orbital transport. The products include a full-scale system programme for the maintenance and maintenance of the train towed system, which provides accompanies to the city ' s subways, trams, motor vehicles, auxiliary transformers, high voltage tanks, tractors and tcms, among others.
(a) Technical services: The company is currently in the first phase of the national production of the towed domestic system, with capacity of up to 800 transformers and high-pressure tanks, 3,200 medium-power tractors to meet the delivery needs of more than 200 trains of towing and control equipment.
Figure 47: Economy and economy of Jiangsu, 2014 - 2017. China ' s orbital transport market is vast. According to urban track and metro development plans, the country will be built 6,200 km in 2020, and 11,700 km in 2050, making up the world ' s total.
Much urban orbital transport is built to support the development of the traction system. According to industry data and measurements such as the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, the country’s orbital orbital transport and control system will require about 10 billion yuan annually for the period 2015-2020.
2018h1 New mileage for national operations has declined in the same year, but 23 additional and approved lines have been added, followed by a steady capital growth policy or the stimulation of orbital traffic. In 2017, 33 new operational lines, 868.9 km of operational mileage were added to our urban orbital traffic, of which 217h1 additional lines, 14 total mileage, were added.
217 km; as a result of the beginning of the tightening of the urban railing project in the second half of 2017, 10 new lines of operation were added to the national urban track, with a total mileage of 192 km, representing a decrease of 11.5% in the same year. However, 218h1 has reached 14 new starting lines in Shenzhen, Changsha, Dalian, etc., with a total of 323.62 km, with a total of approved lines
Nine miles, 130.99 kilometres, with a total investment of $38,161.5 billion, new project approval and start-up are beginning to recover, and construction and new operations are expected to continue at high levels over the next two years. According to China’s orbital transport network, new start-up routes will reach 1299, 1270, and 1270, respectively, between 2018 and 2020.
The three-year action plan for the construction of major transport infrastructure, launched in January, includes a three-year plan for the period 2016-2018, with a total investment of $1.6 trillion in 2,000 kilometres of new construction.
The company's new order for 2018h1 is more than the sum of the last two years and is doing well. The company's new order in 2016 was $531 million, and the company's new order in 2017, influenced by business progress factors, was only 2009 million, but the new order for 2018h1 has reached $559 million and is connected to the provinces of Ningbo and Gui.
The company's strategy for the country, based on Suzhou, has achieved milestones, and has achieved a number of new operations.
The company has now won track traffic on line 2-5 in Suzhou, and has made a breakthrough in Ningbo and Guiyang, and will continue to press ahead with orders in several outlying areas, such as Shenzhen. In addition, the department has projects in the field of trams such as Qingjiang, Fushan and Beijing.
The breakthrough in new business practices, such as the Qingdao underground electric power plant and the racking of Line No. 2 on Line No. 1 led the company to take a firm step on the road to an integrated solution to the transhipment system.
3.1 Accurate management of product technology and platform extension, business line additions to secure income, and a sustained increase in income. Looking back at the development of the Sinkgawa over the past 15 years, we have found that Sinkkawa has made the right decisions at almost every critical time.
At the beginning of the company, the domestic automated market was almost monopolized by foreign brands, and the company’s early core product, the low-pressure transformer, was faced with the company’s first-ever low-voltage transformer.
It is foreign competitors such as Siemens, abb, and Emerson who, with a constant understanding of the direction of the frequency change technology, have determinedly identified the direction of the vector change frequency in the vf control mode still prevailing in the market for the changers, which has laid the foundation for the company’s development in the area of the low-pressure transformer.
Stone and the market position were the elevator integration jets. In 2005, the company noticed that elevator customers were usually purchased separately from the switchboards, and because the equipment of different manufacturers needed to be tested on site, it would take two days or more to install it on site, so that Segawa launched the nice 3,000 elevator integration controller.
By reducing the time spent on site debugging to one time, the pain of the tight working times was greatly addressed. The innovative design of the product made the first leap from the Hong Kong River to an integrated control technology in the area of elevators, breaking the long-standing monopoly of foreign investors in this area, and after 2007 the real estate sector entered a fast-growing phase of production.
Product companies are entering a high-growth phase. Business expansion period: product platforms based on electrical electronics add up industry solutions to systematize and add to performance.
But looking back at the company’s performance, it is through the diversification of product layouts and industry solutions that the overall size of the company’s revenues continues to expand. In 2008, companies began to see that integrated self-motivated markets would become mainstream and front-line predictions that server systems would become core products.
In 2013, after the company recognized the important direction of integration of electromechanical fluids, it acquired Ningpoisiton to enhance competitiveness in electrolyte serviles and, in 2014, formally entered the field of robotics through the production of core components such as machine and human control systems. Research and development began in 2008.
New energy vehicle power control products, with the outbreak of a new energy commercial car market in the second half of 2015, the company quickly spent a lot of money on new energy vehicles. At this stage, we see the growth of low-voltage transformers in the company as a whole, followed by an increase in corporate revenue, that is, a gradual decline in the size of the company ' s general-purpose transformer, so we're...
The company’s growth in revenue at that stage is still largely due to the added effect of new business and products. The strategic layout period: 2017, in which companies formally established two strategic areas – “intelligent manufacturing” and “new-energy automobiles” – is two-way from robotic whole machines and soft and hardware, such as cloud computing, industrial software, etc.
Specifically, in terms of smart hardware, the company is gradually refining the line of robotic products represented by light-quan six-axis robots, and the software company has launched the Hitchuan Cloud and is investing in industrial software such as Mes, imitation software.
With a comprehensive automated product line layout at the end of manufacturing and an in-depth grasp of more than 80 industry-separated manufacturing landscapes, it is possible to provide a more comprehensive and systematic solution to manufacturing in the future. 3.2 Industry marketing 2.0 is a powerful platform that connects upstream and downstream industrial chain resources.
Four stages of marketing strategic aids are better off. At different times, companies have introduced different marketing strategies to promote a faster and better distribution of products that fit the orientation. The entire automated industry is now well past the reckless phase of foreign substitution through low prices at the beginning of the twenty-first century, with the accumulation of technology,
The understanding of industrial processes, and the development of precision chains of marketing, has become the most important strategy of the time at the time.1 Import substitution: when a company was formed, it relied on low-cost competition and product availability strategies for import substitution: FDI products have been pursuing high-strength strategies since they entered China on a massive scale in the 1980s.
While high-quality products are stable, prices remain high. The Emmerson enterprise, which is represented by Hong Kong, is being replaced by low- and low-cost foreign investment in low-end customers, based on a solid accumulation of technology that has become more volatile.
However, the prices of Euro-American products are still at least 30 per cent higher than those of private brands.2 Technology marketing: as the cost of a single price is not a long-term solution, helping clients to cope with additional demand pains will maximize the value of the product, so companies introduced technology marketing in 2006 and launched a series of customers.
As a model of customized machine products, technological innovation avoids direct confrontation with the performance of foreign products and becomes the firm's greatest core competitiveness to foreign investment, the elevator integration product quickly takes over the huge market share of the market, such as Antxon, and sets the stage for the company's elimination from the elevator industry in the future.
In 2008 and 2010, the company rolled out a dedicated server system, a synchronized air pressure solution, etc., which is a good solution to high precision requirements and high load demand, while the synchronized air pressure program solved the huge offloading process in the past through innovative "converting constant pressure" technology.
Large energy waste. The introduction of both products and technologies has radically changed the evolution of industry technology and competition, and the Hitchuans have been more successful in both areas.3 Industry marketing: as the customer demands more and more on the process, a single product mix is either simple or simple.
Technology marketing is no longer sufficient to meet the actual needs of customers, but it is critical to provide specific solutions based on production processes. In 2013, companies responded to industry trends by offering industry marketing, better understanding of customers’ needs, customizing solutions for production processes and core claims, and tailoring operations to allow them to do their jobs.
The Ministry of General Automation has a new period of rapid growth. The process plus engineering strategy has led to breakthroughs in a number of industries. The most typical of these is the textile industry, which has traditionally been characterized by a dynamic structure and a complex process and a poor working environment.
The textile industry in our country is still in the phase of semi-electric automation. Under the “presidential” system, the textile process has been studied in depth in the form of the production, development, marketing and final transformation of the process into electrical processes for a series of customized solutions from control, drive, sensor, human interfaces, etc.
Electronic production processes, such as assembly machines, have greatly improved production efficiency.4 Industrial chain marketing: we believe that companies are doing well with the industry marketing strategy to fine-tune each small business, and after doing so, support small businesses through powerful platforms to quickly extend their downstream operations.
Small businesses have also grown rapidly, with large horizontal vertical expansion, and the ability to deliver services has become stronger. Simply put, industry chain marketing is version 2.0 of industry marketing, meaning that many sub-industrys have done so, seeking to integrate upstream and downstream industrial chains, and finally providing solutions for end-users, summarizing them.
In fact, it's called "Small Business, Power Platforms, Large Companies." So far, companies have a division of 70-80 sub-sectors, focusing on developing solutions for deep industries, with a view to achieving the highest level of ambition in each industry. The company's current strong push for a “presidential system” can also be seen as a three-dimensional management model for industries, products, and regions.
In this system and model, platform advantages and corporate advantages are maximized.
Hd71 high-voltage transformer application on a compactor
Elevator special frequency transformer solution, petroleum petrochemical, straight-forward zipper system solution.
The hd9x high-voltage transformer is advanced in the solution of a double-variety-frequency zipper system.
40mw Waste Incineration Power Plant Application Printing and Packaging h3u Small Plc Application Programme
High-end coating press tension control system programme Am600 medium-plc application programme  mine
The coal mine turns into an integrated solution for monkey cars, and the textile is dyed, and the frequency transformer's on the ceramic brick picker.
Long-magnetic synchronisation server at latitudes, steel metallurgy, high-speed roll-by machine control systems.
Two needle beds are made up of electrical control systems, electrical rotor assemblies are equipped with tops and bottoms, and the Hitchuan converter is used in boiler adaptations.
Communication module assembly solutions, waterline-segregated Cara robots, air pressure machines.
The microgrid product is the first China's concentrated direct-treat-mortality smart island, a piston air-pressure conversion program, 4 and the future of the layout -- the creation of a new energy vehicle and a smart-making "double king" strategy.
4.1 A new energy vehicle: A steady growth in the binding of the U.S.T. bus, aiming for a large market for time power, the company has expanded from an electrical control product to an electric engine, a deceleration box, a power source, etc., and is committed to becoming a leader in the solution of the new energy engine. The company started in 2008 before the new energy car market broke out.
Research and development of electrical controllers, the introduction in 2011 of new energy motor controllers, and the subsequent growth of new energy motors, with 70 per cent of fixed-asset investments in new energy vehicles, including single-organizers, integrated power controllers, auxiliary power systems, high-performance power generators, dc/dc power sources,
(a) New energy bus sales in 2017 were almost the same as last year, with unit prices falling by 10-20 per cent and overall revenues falling;
At the same time, the company’s new energy automobile business now earns $285 million, an increase of 96% over the same period. Technologically well-developed acupuncture facilities, and new energy cars become new urban traffic interests.
There is a clear advantage in reducing energy efficiency and reducing air noise pollution. New-energy vehicle-related technologies are becoming increasingly sophisticated, providing new-energy vehicles with more reliable functional capabilities, including increased battery energy density, electromechanics and chargers. By the end of 17, I had significantly increased the ability of new-energy vehicles to continue.
In January-July, we sold 504, 496,000 new vehicles, an increase of 85 per cent and 97.1 per cent, respectively, respectively.
In 2012, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Woo-tung to develop a five-in-one integrated power control system. The Woo-tung bus is now the company’s largest customer, providing approximately 60% of the company’s revenue from new energy automobiles;
In the area of new energy passenger vehicles, the Woo-tung City has a 24% share, leading the second largest city, Biadi, a solid location. In 2017, as a result of the downside of the country’s new energy subsidy policy, there was a definite decline in demand in the bus industry, as well as a decline in the sales volume of Woo-tung, but better than the industry as a whole, and continued to lead the bus.
Industry, as of August 2018, Yutong ' s new energy bus production reached 8,465 vehicles, an increase of 77.4 per cent over the same period. Chart 64: The energy bus market was number one in 2017.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed until the first full order was obtained in 2015, during which time Woo-Tung was constantly developing samples, samples, adjustments, redevelopment, and the high-tech requirements of Woo-tung for the company could effectively contribute to the upgrading of the company ' s technology, the greatest result being that the company and Woo-tung had developed together during that period.
“Five-in-one” integrated controllers: main drive, generator, booster shift, straight-to-direct flow, high-pressure warehouse (tm, asg, eps, dcdc, hv), while integrated controllers are being accepted by a growing number of new-energy commercial manufacturers over the past two years.
Figure 65: New energy passenger vehicles combined with integrated controllers 2) New energy logistics vehicle power-control operations are fast breaking out: companies seize the opportunity of rising downstream demand, actively develop power-generation solutions and achieve large-scale sales at large clients.
The demand for transport operations, couriers, etc., drives the rapid growth of new energy logistics vehicles. The rapid growth of our green logistics industry began in 2017, with a surge in new energy logistics vehicles, which reached 180,000 in 2018h. With the rapid growth of the domestic logistics industry in the last seven years, the transport industry remains huge.
With the potential for development, social logistics transport costs of 2018h1 amounted to 3.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period; at the same time, the more intense courier service enterprises reached $274.5 billion in revenue from courier operations in the first half of 2018, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period, with the “last kilometre” of demand driving the development of new energy logistics vehicles.
The company’s new energy logistics vehicle continued to grow, product solutions and business model innovations continued to grow. In 2017, the company sold about 30,000 logistics vehicle power and control units or total products, a significant increase of nearly 200% compared to the previous year, contributing significantly to the growth of the company’s new energy vehicle business.
The Division has achieved a large volume of sales with a large number of large clients, and has signed new energy logistics vehicle electric command orders with a large number of top 10 new energy logistics companies, such as the East Wind Motors and the Shaanxitos. Since 2017, the company has developed a dedicated power master solution for 4.5t light truck types, and has developed a "controller+" for minivans.
The overall solution is to develop a t-box logistics vehicle for the Operators-Logistics Platform-Car Company and have already implemented a bulk load of vehicles for domestic label operators, exploring a business model for a future new energy logistics vehicle. The logistics car market will continue to be competitive, industry concentration will continue to increase significantly, and the share of sinks is expected to continue.
The commercial car market, which is very fragmented among downstream customers, has a larger market coverage, mainly through sales and distributors. At the same time, the logistics car technology is the least difficult and profitable for all types of cars.
A further 20 per cent or more, so that a large number of small producers with connections and price marketing will speed up production, and the industry's increased concentration will benefit large, technology-oriented plants, and the share of Sinkuan is expected to continue to rise rapidly. (3) Future layouts will be driven by cars, focusing on cars above ao and a: implement "Go out, come in."
The localization strategy involves in-depth technical cooperation with the experienced and highly skilled Swiss company, Brusa, and the deployment of new energy vehicles to large and medium-sized car companies and overseas markets. As the focus of the national 13th Five-Year Plan, new energy vehicles are planned for 2020 in China.
While the industry has experienced a slight slowdown in the growth rate of the industry as a whole in response to this year’s swindle, national policy support will not be interrupted, and policy changes will be conducive to the optimization of competition in the new energy car market and to the elimination of backward capacity.
New energy vehicles: subsidies are tilted toward high-scaling mileage, high-energy-density vehicle type. Subsidy on 100 km-150 km of original cruise range is eliminated, and the greater the reduction of the inter-situation subsidy, which is more based on the criteria for dividing the respective mileage supplement, the greater the increase in the subsidy for more than 300 km of cruise mileage, and the multiplier of the subsidy.
Third-party suppliers should continue to be the most important players in the future power-borne vehicle control market. As new energy is marketed, the future market for new energy vehicles will tend to become more competitive and technologically upgraded.
The requirements for both quality and cost are very high, and the use of vehicles is subject to a small vehicle space, and the requirements for integration and cost are very high; there are currently three main types of companies in the country that produce electrical controls; one is the main plant, such as Biadi, Woo-Tung; and the other is the vehicle zero that was used for electrical control since the company was founded.
The components companies, such as Shanghai County, Shanghai Power Drive, Beijing Ingenuity, Blue Sea Watten, and Chinese cars;
Under R & D and capital spending, there is no significant cost advantage in the future if no outsourcing is achieved, so most of the plant will continue to choose the second- and third-tier external third-party power provider. Product positioning is in the right direction, and gold extraction has two core advantages.
The product is mainly located in cars of ao and above, and the company has now achieved bulk sales in a number of firms, with an estimated $100 million expected to be sold throughout the year 2018. Looking ahead, based on solid research and development, the company has a perfect opportunity to build up its combined capabilities.
The location of the product is in line with the future: ao and above are not on the hot market because of the higher range. Companies aim at long-term c-markets, with a strategic direct location of the markets ao and above a.
Fields. Class A and ao-type renewal miles are generally 300-500 km, single-car with 35-55kwh, and the sale price was not high at the time when the subsidy policy was tilted, so in the long run, as a class A electric vehicle, the fuel truck is also the main vehicle for future household consumption.
The net electric passenger vehicle sales at the monthly ao level and above have increased significantly by the same amount, and the combined electricity sales have also increased substantially. The overall ao- and a-type vehicle ratios have increased significantly.
In its own research and development team: in 2017, the company invested nearly half of its research and development (R & D) in the area of new energy vehicles at a cost of about $300 million. Most of the R & D costs were mainly in the area of vehicles, including the development of R & D platforms and the rapid expansion of the R & D team, the number of R & D staff in the company by the end of 2017.
More than 830 people than at the end of 2015, most of the more research and development staff are concentrated in the new energy vehicle team. External cooperation: In 2016, the company began to work with the Swiss company Brusa, a provider of key power and control technology for some of the prominent companies Benz, BMW, etc.
Its long-term technological accumulation, combined research and development of high-power density, high reliability, high-value products to meet automobile requirements: the company is now certified with more stringent 1s026262 functional safety process certification and ts16949 system certification, and the third generation of power is expected to move to the market by the end of the year.
Technology platforms such as “electricity + power + engine + decryption tank + power supply” will be further refined on the basis of product signage planning for new energy vehicles, and a new generation of motor vehicles will be continuously upgraded into products.
We believe that the future power-car market, like the current fuel-car market, must be a market for both foreign and domestic capital-rich cars, and that an excellent car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car market.
In addition to the full range of test suppliers, it will focus on a combination of card recognition, capital, and market capabilities.
A large, downstream new energy vehicle with a deep electrical electronics and control technology base, while companies have a strong capability in the supply chain of upstream components, such as purchasing costs, capacity, delivery, production, etc. 4.2 Smart manufacturing cores: industrial robotics in step-by-step deployment + smart software
The heart of China's manufacturing of 2025 is smart manufacturing. The heart of the manufacturing of intelligence in Sinkuan is the design of the industrial machine, the instrumentator and the smart software. To create the king of intelligence manufacturing, Sinkkawa must produce a flexible product of robotics and software that will make differentiated bulk production more efficient. In industrial robotics: Sinkkawa follows from the core zero.
From the robotic body to the development of intelligent manufacturing; in the context of smart software and informatization: 1) In 2018, Sinkkawa began to deploy industrial software, which requires customized consumer demand, some downstream medium-sized manufacturers often have to upgrade, and Sinkkawa is summing up specific needs and needs.
Industrial software such as R & D and capturemes, imitation software: In many cases, industrial software can achieve many of the efficiencies and efficiencies that cannot be achieved by hardware. At the same time, it has a stronger capability to connect to the corporate level and to the collusive software system. So mastering software technology will be better for industrial control firms to win in the direction of intelligent manufacturing.
We note that automated enterprises like Rockwell, Siemens and others have a large scale of sales of industrial software-related products around the world and in China. 2) Harakawa builds industrial networking platforms under one-axis-one eco-strategy, the Sinkuan Industrial Cloud, and continues to develop the informationization of smart manufacturing.
Figure 75: The company's robotic competition strategy for the smart configuration of equipment, “Core components + machine + visual + process”, which leads to the hardware solution of smart manufacturing, has chosen robotic competition strategies suitable for market development at different times.
The development of core components, such as robotic servers, has now been nationalized for essential components such as servers, controllers, industrial visuals, etc. In 2016, in conjunction with technology self-control, industry accumulation, and customer base, Sinkkawa proposed a "core components and process solutions" strategy, known as the flour plus process, to successfully integrate into the robotic industry.
In 2017, the company was transformed into a “core parts + whole machines + visual + process” strategy, continuing the deep-farming industries such as cellular manufacturing, and issuing the new generation-wide scara robotic whole-office products and programmes, the first new robotic products and applications that the company offers to sophisticated industries such as mobile phones, liquid crystal panels, etc.
Figure 76: Intelligent manufacturing will be industrial robots, which is one of the most important directions in the distribution of HSBC products. Corporate industrial robots include core components and whole machines, and core components are controlled by robotics.
In 2017, the company introduced 800-mm-long scara robots and 1,000-mm-long arms based on 400-mm arm length and 600-mm-long scara machiners.
Figure 77: The global demand for industrial robots is increasing. Since 2010, China has been the largest market because of industry.
Automation of robots and continuous improvements in innovative technologies, and increasing demand for industrial robots: according to the United States dollar, it rose to $5.89 billion in 2020, at an average annual compound rate of about 14.72%. China has been the world ' s largest robot market since 2013 and has continued to grow, with Chinese industry growing in 2017.
Robots account for 30 per cent of the total supply, and the market share has increased from 25 per cent in 2013 to 33 per cent in 2016, compared with the growth rate of sales by foreign producers. As domestic market demand has increased, domestic producers have increased significantly, far beyond the growth rate of foreign firms.
The company uses the "kernel components + machine + visual + process" strategy to become a world-class provider of industrial robotic solutions. Looking at the state and direction of the development of major robotic flagship companies around the world, it looks at and has a well-developed system of R & D innovation and supply chains, with robotic products that are vast and self-sufficient in zero cores.
In 2017, with the goal of a world-class provider of good robotic solutions, the company launched its latest economic strategy: “core components” include core Hitchuan products such as robotic controllers, servers, servers, etc., and “process” refers to different types of industrial robots that can provide a base line based on the restcat.
At the core of the industrial Ethernet application program, the company owns 300 mm-1200 mm arm-long robotics, six joint robotic whole-time solutions, and obtains small bulk sales in electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, teaching instruments, etc. In research and development, the company has set up robotics at the Shenzhen Research and Development Center.
The lab, with more than 8 million dollars spent on the purchase of robotic marking equipment, precision, and trajectories to upgrade performance indicators for core components. The company will also launch four new robotic products this year: mainly for 30-manufacturing, mobile phone manufacturing.
In the future, smart equipment operations will be fully built, and companies will be actively engaged in the advanced applications of machines, which are growing demand in the industry. Machine vision.
It's a key factor in the transformation of existing robots from automated to smart machines, where, in the process of producing products, machine visuals are able to collect data from the production process, improve production efficiency, and better control the production process. As domestic machine visual technology matures, it varies from place to place.
Industrial applications of machine visual products, especially in the areas of 30 electronics, new energy sources, lithium batteries and photovoltaics.
A rapid and stable response has been achieved on such items as the countdown, which has resulted in small bulk sales, which in 2017 amounted to $36 million in Nanjing, representing an increase of 93.38 per cent, a net profit of $3.68 million and a loss of profit. 4.2.2 Launch of the “Sinkuan Clouds” industrial cloud platform, with emphasis on smart manufacturing software and informationization applications
In 2017, the company proposed the "one axis, one web, one ecology" strategy, which currently revolves around the "axis" and "ecology". The "one axis" is a technology platform with power-axis control at its core, with a greater role in harnessing the technological advantages of the mosaic: one ecology, from traditional to advanced manufacturing, and automation.
Upgrading to industry to 4.0 to provide an ecological circle of technology, products, and finance, to promote eco-efficiency and to make industry more efficient and civilized, is a very important reason for the growth in the performance of the sinks. The “one-net” is the interconnectivity that serves the intelligent manufacturing system at the heart of the earthcat bus.
At the bottom, the industrial bus goes to the industry Ethernet, the industrial Internet weaves an intelligent network of industrially automated futures, the introduction of the technology of the ethacat bus signifies the start of the process from the equipment layer to the control layer to the network layer, and the creation of the industrial Internet will be combined with customers, distributors, suppliers, etc.
The industrial Internet industry responds to the strategic demands of the country’s intellectual-manufacturing transition, with industry growing like fire, and domestic and foreign firms launching Internet platforms. In November last year, the State Department published Deepening each other.
On 7th day, the Ministry of Industry and Communications officially issued the Action Plan for the Development of the Industrial Internet (2018-2020), which calls for the promotion of more than 300,000 industrial enterprises and the development of more than 300,000 industrial apps by the end of 2020. Internal and external capital, cross-cutting and strong alliances have become the main themes of the time.
Conway and Fuscon signed a strategic agreement that announced that they would work together in the areas of industrial Internet, city goods networking, big data, artificial intelligence, building industrial Internet eco-platforms, building smart cities, integrated solutions, and promoting industries such as smart factories, smart cities, intelligent logistics, etc., in July.
Koji and Aliyun signed a memorandum in Berlin, Germany, to work together to promote China’s industrial networking. As industry’s digitalization is growing today, domestic and foreign firms are on the rise, and the four largest electrical players abroad, ge-predix platform, abb-abb-abbability Ping, are launched separately.
The company also followed the trend of launching the industrial Internet platform, Sinkkawa Industrial Cloud, in September 2017, to provide smart solutions for businesses.
To develop solutions that provide a complete set of end-to-end industrial equipment networking solutions that generate value for households around client goals, enterprises can achieve safe production, energy savings, efficiency gains, quality enhancement, etc. through data networking through sinks of cloud.
Figure 87: Domestic and foreign industrial Internet platforms Figure 88: SWITCH BLACKS, based on the ethercat bus program
In our view, there are three advantages to the Internet operations of the SWIFT industry: Strength 1: SWIFT has a vast industrial customer accumulation and a rich automated application base, which will make it clear that it will reduce the difficulty of access to machines. Corporate industrial automation covers 70-80 downstream industries.
There are a lot of customers and practical applications in different industries. A strong industrial automation base will enable several customers to access more than 200,000 devices, especially in a number of niche industries such as elevators, air pressure machines, logistics cars, air conditioning, etc.
Instead of building a network of elevators, using the elevator cloud platform for real-time monitoring of the elevator's operational status, the operator is able to detect problems in a timely manner and promptly notify the rescue personnel to come to the door for repair and repair, the entire process will take only 14 minutes to reach the rescue site, significantly reduce rescue time and increase safety in the use of the elevator.
Figure 90: SIC has covered more than 60 industries and more than 800 clients
Strength 2: The vast industrial application experience of the sinks helps them to achieve flexibility in deployment and deployment through the establishment of application service platforms. Companies are familiar with the various types of machinery downstream.
Products and production processes provide customized product customization programmes tailored to the different process characteristics and specific practical needs of different downstream industries.
Technology firms and industrial software firms often do not have a manufacturing base, and it is difficult to optimize the flow of production processes, improve the quality of products, and develop effective feedback and improvement mechanisms for manufacturing, i.e., difficult to access.
In response to the plight of small and medium-sized industrial enterprises, the creation of electrical engineers can be used to develop and maintain platforms without programming. Specifically, Sinkkawa has developed multi-material networked smart hardware, connects plc, uploads data to clouds via 3g, 4g wireless transmissions, or on Tainet, which only provides smart hardware for networking.
It takes simple equipment, without programming, to make it easy to get the data fast-tracked network.5, Prospectives for Profit and Investment, a company that is the leader of domestic industrial control, we believe is expected to grow steadily.
General-purpose operations continue to grow at medium and high speeds; companies have expanded their operations around power-driven and power-controlled technologies, and their new energy vehicle operations have a short-term dynamic logistics vehicle, with long-term deployments, and are expected to achieve high growth with high R & D investment in the ahead: the company's track trades are well on hand orders and will be on track in the future.
Towards the country as a whole is expected to generate new profit points, with the core business income projections assumed as follows: (1) the company ' s generic business blocks are driven by a sustained increase in downstream demand for generic automation products, and public revenues are projected as follows:
The Division will continue to grow as a leading business market, with revenues from general-frequency, universal-server, programmable logic controllers growing at a high rate in 2017, reflecting good corporate solutions and client capacity, with industry compounding growth of around 8 per cent between 2018 and 2020, so we expect general-frequency transformers.
(2) The company’s new energy vehicle, which is in depth tied to the U.S.U.T. bus, which last year began to be operationalized, with medium- and long-term deployments, was stimulated in the first half of this year by a policy of reloading new energy vehicles, and the company’s new energy vehicle has increased its operations faster in the first half of the year. In the medium term, Wootong’s new energy bus is well-established.
The volume and share are expected to continue to grow, and the share of logistics vehicle operations is expected to continue to rise, to be phased in, to move into high growth, and, based on the continued favourable outlook for the future of the new energy vehicle, we expect the company ' s new energy vehicle (3) track operation to start its performance performance performance this year and to become fully operational in the first half of this year.
The country received orders from Ningbo City, Guiyang and Su State, respectively, with multiple orders in terms of the Māori rate, which is good to support the company in the years to come (4): the company is R&D-oriented and does not win at low prices, technology R&D will be effective in keeping the company ' s high Māori rate, and, secondly, the rapid growth of the company ' s general business will support the company ' s Māori rate.
However, as the competition for new energy cars increases, the level of Māori in the company ' s new energy automobile business will continue to decline, and I, the company ' s future multi-purpose business will grow, the ratio of low Māori to new energy will gradually rise, Māori level valuation analysis: the current company valuation will be influenced mainly by two factors: (1) company business development and industry
Industrial automation: after more than three decades of reform and opening up, industrial manufacturing has continued to grow at a rather modest pace, mainly as a result of the fact that the country ' s level of industrial automation production is still lagging behind, with most industrial manufacturing firms.
Industry is still in the semi-automated, electrification, and even manual stages, and there is a huge scope for industrial automation upgrading. For the first time in the year, China's “2025 strategy for manufacturing” was introduced, while large-scale intellectual manufacturing was promoted, including through demonstration pilot projects, and industrial Internet technology was seen as an important breakthrough in achieving intelligent manufacturing.
Automation penetration is the basis for rapid growth in the industry, while smart manufacturing, industrial Internet, will accelerate the upgrading of automation technology. The automated sector as a whole experienced cyclical fluctuations in 2011-2016, but the automated sector will enter a medium-growth cycle between 2017 and 2025, with industrial controls as a growth factor and relatively relatively relative roe.
The value of the industry should rise in high-level industries. New energy: New-energy cars, as the future direction of the automobile industry, are bound to grow dramatically, while China, as a car super-Power, is behind an explosive market.
As a core component of a new energy car, electro-control corresponds to a hundred billion-scale market space. By car, electro-control technology needs to meet higher safety thresholds. In the future, inter-industry competition will shift from current prices, relationship marketing to a combination of technology, markets, capital, and management capabilities.
Businesses are expected to benefit from industrial eruptions. The annual downward pressure on subsidies has led to a rapid decline in the prices of electricity-controlled products, with the main logic of business growth being the amount supplementation, with industry prices and Māori rates expected to accelerate to the bottom in 2020, and growth in 2020 will be reflected more in increased industry profits.
In the long run, the parts and components industry of the new energy vehicle will show a much stronger growth. In 2013, the new energy vehicle industry burst to a steep fall in industrial subsidies for nearly two or three years, and industry valuations show a downward trend. After 2020, we think that the new car industry as a whole will be able to build on the rapid decline in industry costs and demand.
And upgraded, industry valuations will reflect more of the high growth of new energy vehicles, with a trend toward a step-by-step upwards. Over the course of the year, and in 2015 the Big Cows were undervalued, and high growth in performance led to a 50% high growth trajectory in the history of Sinkuan, with the industry transitioning from a child-friendly period to a long-term one; and industrial automation operations.
The weight of the already large factors cannot grow to the level of low-berta growth relative to the industry, but it is our belief that the 20-25 per cent industrial automation plate as a whole continues to outpace industry growth and remains the company's leader in the two growing fields of industrial automation and new energy vehicles, which the market has always given.
Sound analysis, we believe that the valuation of the company from 2018 to 2020 should be basically consistent with past valuations, that for the last three years, as a domestic industrial control and new energy vehicle power-control flagship, we believe that there is hope for a faster growth in the company ' s industrial control automation business and that the general automation business will continue to grow relatively faster; the company is surrounded by power-driven and electric power.
The power and control technology is capable of operating on a controlled extension, its new energy vehicle operation is a short-term dynamic logistics vehicle, and its long-term deployment is expected to lead to high growth with high R & D inputs in the previous period; the company ' s track transaction is now on track this year to meet performance + Chart 96: History of Sinkuan p-band
1. The fragmentation of corporate automation operations and the greater macroeconomic impact of downstream demand can affect the power of automated upgrading of capital spending if manufacturing enterprises, especially small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises, operate poorly.2 In 2018, the lead times for raw materials for upstream electronic components were tight and prices were higher, if the situation continued.
A continuation may have some impact on the company ' s Māori rate and the delivery of orders.3 The supply of supplies, such as the above-mentioned electronic components, has been strained, with the company ' s raw material reserve increasing by nearly 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a substantial increase of 54.4 per cent in its inventory during the first half of the year, and if the inventory rises further, it will run cash flow to the company.
4. The company ' s new energy use vehicle operations, with their larger inputs, are influenced by a range of policies, such as subsidies for the new energy automobile industry, and may not be as well developed and profitable as expected. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment