Annual summary: Shanghai Bank increased its net profit by 5.54 per cent in 2021 and its operating income by 10.8 per cent in 2021; cost revenue by 21.5 per cent, an increase of 2.59 percentage points in the same year. Total assets grew by 7.8 per cent at the end of the year compared with the beginning of the year.
The Shanghai Bank grew better in 2021, driven by wealth management, a spectacular increase in revenue from fees, an improvement in savings growth and continued capital optimization.
The negative rate ring runs in the third quarter, but the absolute level is still below the average of the listed banks in the published annual report, and it is recommended that asset quality movements continue to be tracked.
The Shanghai Bank grew by 10.8 per cent year-on-year, a small increase over the previous three quarters (+10.4 per cent, yoy). Net interest income increased by 11.1 per cent year-on-year, supported by wealth management, by 61.3 per cent year-on-year net fees.
Increases, resulting in a year-on-year net profit growth of 5.54 per cent, lower than the pre-harvest and pre-arrangement profit increase (+7.0 per cent) and a loan loss of 398 per cent compared to the previous year.
The Shanghai Bank's performance in 2021 improved, by 11.8 per cent in the same year, and the deposits performed better than the average of the listed bank, accounting for 59.26 per cent of total liabilities, an increase of 2.15 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
Shanghai Bank: Revenues from fees are rising at a very rapid rate, and Roe is qualified for securities investment consultancy.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected; the regulatory controls are more than expected. Banks: Summary of the annual report of the city comptoir ii: the Shanghai Bank achieved a net profit of $22 billion in 2021, an increase of 5.54 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the year, the total assets were $2.65 trillion, an increase of 7.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, total loans were 11.4 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, total deposits were increasing at a moderate and moderate rate of growth, non-credit losses were greater, and banks in Shanghai grew by 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, slightly higher than in the previous three quarters (+10.4 per cent, yoy).
This represents an increase of 11.1 per cent compared to the previous three quarters (+6.9 per cent, yoy) and an increase of 4.2 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters (+6.9 per cent, yoy); net revenue from fees increased by 61.3 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of an increase in fees for financial operations and fund surrogates, as well as an increase in revenue from revenue from revenue-driven agents in 2021 as a result of the end of the transitional period under the new regulations, with zero savings in expected yield-based properties.
One hundred and twenty-six per cent, of which 32 per cent, represented an impressive increase in revenue from wealth management fees. The volume of transactional financial assets, such as corporate pressure to reduce corporate finance, and lower market rates of return, resulted in a 23 per cent decline in other non-interest income.
5.54% longer than the profit increase before collection and provision (+7.0%, yoy). In terms of impairment losses, the scale of losses in 2021 increased in comparison with the increase in growth, with emphasis on real estate, financing platforms, and non-credit business impairments, requiring further tracking of asset quality performance in related areas
In 2021, the Shanghai Bank recorded an improvement in its deposit performance, which was 11.8 per cent higher than the previous year's average, accounting for 59.26 per cent of total liabilities and 2.15 percentage points higher than at the end of the previous year.
Between points and 40 per cent; between 5.3 percentage points and 13.6 per cent for business loans; and between 36.5 per cent for companies; among public loans, support for infrastructure-related industries was increased, with rents and commercial, water and public facilities increasing by 57 per cent and 33 per cent respectively.
4-quarter interest spreads, with the end-of-the-year interest spreads strained by the end of the year The Shanghai Bank lost 8 bp to 1.74 per cent on the same year in 2021, the asset rate of return dropped by 19 bp to 4.01 per cent, and the liability rate dropped by 3 bp to 2.23 per cent.
The average rate of interest paid on the capital deposits dropped by 8 bp on a year-on-year basis in the case of high-cost medium- and long-term deposits and structural deposit controls. The downside of the end-of-asset rate of return is largely influenced by the economy of the concessional entity and the downside of market interest rates.
Asset structure, pressure on financial assets measured at fair value, increased corporate bonds, allocation of government bonds, balance sheet adverse confirmations accelerated in the fourth quarter, attention was paid to asset quality developments
The breakdown is 33bp to 1.67% below the end of the six-month period; retail loans 34bp to 0.77% below the end of the six-month period. If the balance of the negative financial investment of $19 billion is taken into account, the end-of-year non-performing loans and the bulk of the outstanding operations are integrated into the overall management of the Debt Committee, and the restructuring is advanced; and the above factors are removed, with loans overdue by more than 60/90 days.
After the Court ruled that the approval had been granted, it had entered into the implementation phase, and the above-mentioned operations had been prepared for full impairment in accordance with the precautionary principle, in accordance with the cash liquidation rate set out in the reorganization plan.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Financial supervision is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, if financial regulation is expected to affect the bank’s earnings performance, either by making money-policy supermarket expectations or by affecting the bank’s earnings performance.