Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industry March 22nd, 2019.
The company has published its annual report for 2018.
2. Low market performance and declining investment income are delaying performance growth to inform the preparation of the present report
Merchant markets have recovered significantly from the effects of macroeconomic weakness and friction in international trade, with major indices falling down, leading to (3) investment companies having a strong stake in the size of their underwriting, and M & A restructuring operations with a significant share of 14.75%, ranking first in the market.
In the case of merger restructuring, the company’s completed major asset restructuring transactions amounted to approximately $72.3 billion in 2018, ranking second in the industry. Under the leadership of the country’s “one-way” initiative, the company actively expanded cross-border M&A operations, with the total value of the project transactions.
The ball announced the second highest ranking of middle-ranking securities dealers in M & As involving Chinese enterprises. 4) The revenue from brokering has declined slightly, net revenue from interest has increased slightly by 0.74 per cent.
The company achieved net interest income of 2,422 million yuan, an increase of 0.74 per cent over the previous year, significantly better than the industry’s pull, and reduced interest income at the credit-business level.
In the case of stock pledge operations, the firm, under the influence of the new stock pledge regulations and increased market credit risk, strictly controlled a negative growth in revenue from management operations. In 2018, the company achieved a net asset management income of $5,834 million, an increase of 2.43 per cent, and a decline of 11.35 per cent in industry. At the end of the reporting period, corporate asset management
In keeping with the overall development approach of “institutionally based, retail” management, efforts have been made to upgrade investment specialization and enhance proactive management. (6) Full acquisition of Guangzhou securities is expected to benefit from the development dividend of the Great Island Bay region of Hong Kong.
After the acquisition is completed, the company will hold 99.9% of the Guangzhou securities, and the Sino-Kin securities investment will hold 0.1% of the Guangzhou securities. This acquisition is expected to enhance the company’s competitiveness in South China, and help companies will benefit from the development dividend of the Bay of Australasia.
The market is now warming, the securities sector’s policy dividends are being released, the process of innovation is accelerating, the company’s fundamentals are improving.
The acquisition of Guangzhou securities is expected to enhance the company’s competitiveness in South China, and help companies enjoy the development dividend of the Bay of Australasia. So we look forward to the future growth of corporate performance, combining company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, with a “recommended” rating of 2019/2020/2021.