The industry has a strong edge, and the combined strength is expected to continue to improve - the SCM 2018 Annual Report Reviews / Non-Bank Finances
On March 21st, the Sino-Kon securities released their annual report 2018, where the company achieved its operating income of $37.22 billion in 2018, and the level of profit fell to a higher level than that of the industry, influenced by market fluctuations, low transactions and the tightening of ipo regulations, with the company returning to its home for 18 years at the same rate as the net profit.
The company has completed 54 shares of the principal charge, with a share of RMB 17.8 billion and a share of the market of 14.8%, and is ranked first in the market. On the solidity side, the head of the company is responsible for 1391 credit bonds of all kinds and the principal is responsible for the amount of the loan.
The stock market has risen steadily, taking into account institutional services and transformational development. Corporate brokerage is in the forefront of the industry, with annual reports showing agency provisions in the settlement reserve.
By 27%, the number of clients increased by 9 percentage points, and the total number of clients of qfii and rqfii was at the top of the market. As a result of the restructuring of the organization, the brokering business is expected to move towards a full-scale upgrading of wealth management.
The company ' s own business accounts for 22 per cent, after other income for 26 per cent. Fair value change gains are equal to +102 per cent, with derivative financial instruments increasing by $9.5 billion, affecting current revenue of $8.8 billion. As a first-tier trader, derivatives trading will generate more stable business income, with revenue vouchers issued and off-site swaps exchanged.
The company’s overseas operations have made breakthroughs in a number of areas, Sino-Sinoe Lyon securities ranked second in the Hong Kong market in the volume of ipo offers, and the global performance of 31 ipos has been excellent. In 19 years, the company will move to a new stage of development, moving forward with the acquisition of Guangzhou securities, and benefiting from the gold.
In the industry, scale development goes up to the top. 2. Sino-Sin securities (600030).
In addition to a summary of the company's financial statement data projections, Chen Xiang, a PhD in Business Law from China's Social Sciences School, and a PhD in Finance.
In September 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of the Chinese Securities Association, made sure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.