On the evening of 4 March, the board of directors issued a public announcement on the adoption of a draft employee holding plan for the total number of company shares held in the employee holding scheme, which in aggregate did not exceed 10 per cent of the company's total shares.
China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based company released a draft employee-stocking plan to show the company's confidence in its future development: the company's proposed implementation of the employee-stocking plan is valid for 10 years, implemented on a yearly basis, with the locks of each employee-stocking plan.
(b) Votes. The recent sharp increase in the value of the company’s shares, which is now being considered by the board of directors through a draft plan for the market value of the staff-owned circulationa (billions of dollars), highlights the management’s interest in the company’s long-term development and stock price performance.
The relative depth of 300 indexes per unit has a wide range of coverage and supports the identification of excellence: the employee holding scheme proposed by the company is very broad and covers headquarters, branches, affiliates in the country and abroad.
The number of employees in the parent company is about 1,000-1,500, or more than 10% of the total number of employees. Ticketers are typical capital- and talent-intensive industries, and human resources are vouchers.
One of the most critical elements of the competition is the implementation of a broad-based employee holding scheme, which helps companies to bind high-quality talent, thereby improving the efficiency and profitability of the company’s operations. Stockholding by coupons workers remains an institutional barrier, and policy encourages, or will accelerate, progress: although it is currently under way,
There are still institutional obstacles in laws such as the Securities Act, but the policy encourages listed dealers to implement the employee data cut-off date: 04/03/19.
Publication of the Opinion on Support for Repurchase of Stock by Listed Companies, with explicit reference to the possibility for listed securities dealers to implement their SIPs in the form of financial management plans, trust schemes, etc., in the future, if accompanied by fast-track performance evaluations _aaa
(600030.sh) Project evaluation _aaa_Acquisition preliminary, leading to the replacement of the South China business.
In the broader context of structural changes on the supply side, the share of direct financing is expected to continue to rise, with companies benefiting the most from the industry as champions.
It is clear that the successful acquisition of Guangzhou securities will greatly enhance the company’s capacity in the South China region, sharing the policy dividend of the port of Hong Kong, Australia’s Gulf region, and we will continue to look at the company’s future development in the light of the multiple benefits, and raise the company’s eps to $1.01 shares in 2019 to maintain the company’s “buy-in” investment rating.
Risk factors: Plan to advance less than expected or risk of failure, stock market downturn over-expected.