The employee holding plan was published to take stock of the flagship value incident of 04/0319: the company disclosed the " draft employee holding plan " , which does not cumulatively exceed 10 per cent of the company ' s total shares.
1) The company issues a draft employee holding plan, in which the total number of shares in the employee holding plan does not exceed 10% of the total number of shares in each category.
(ii) The scope of the plan includes directors, supervisors, senior managers, middle managers, core key staff, headquarters staff at the level of svp and above, general managers of branch offices in the country and above, for a total of 1,000-1500 persons, valid for 10 years.
The target period for each employee holding plan is no less than 24 months. 3) This plan is intended to create a virtuous circle of performance and value for the company ' s staff, with a system of corporate pay-as-you-go, and to highlight the managerial level ' s confidence in the company ' s long-term development.
At the industry level, the net capital and profits of large bond dealers are higher and the wind control system is much better.
The initial business is of better quality, and we believe that the risks of the front-runners are relatively manageable.  The macro-policy environment is stable, with the acquisition of Guangzhou securities, and the vanguard will be strong and strong. 1) The recent macro-policy environment is stable and good: a month of innovation in social growth and a change in liquidity; and the “two meetings” is a turning point.
The focus will be on “STI, economic restructuring” and policy expectations will grow stronger; the Central Bureau of the Communist Party of China emphasizes deepening structural reforms on the side of the financial supply, upgrading the strategic position of capital markets, strengthening the economic capacity of the financial services entity, and developing direct financing coupons. (2) Companies have previously been based on industrial integration.
The strategic considerations of expanding the South China layout are better than the market's expected valuation of the purchase of Guangzhou securities ($16.97 on Sino-Kinding shares, $793 million on new shares, and 6.14 per cent on post-issuance gold holdings as the third largest shareholder of the company).
The Ministry of Home Affairs, 27% of China's south side, has been instrumental in the speedier development of the wealth management strategy and in keeping with the company's long-term value. 3) The introduction of the Science and Innovation Board registration system will usher in a new era of capital markets in which head-billers understand the market better than small- and medium-sized voucher dealers, and are clearly better able to pay for it than small- and medium-sized voucher dealers.
Three-quarterly reviews: Investment is too profitable, and a well-deserved champion of professional competence is expected to take advantage of the opportunities. The benefits fluctuate, while the downscaling accounts for both the profits and the risks associated with the equity pledge.
The company announces a stock-holding plan that highlights the firm's long-term development of good confidence and its future as the market warms, and looks forward to the future of its stockholders. The net return profits are expected to be $9.39 billion in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Investment earnings; 3) Financial regulation inhibits industrial innovation. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee