On the evening of 23 January 2019, the Chinese Portfolio issued its 2018 performance report. In the reporting period, the company China-China-China-China-Sino-Sink disclosed the main financial data of its controlling subsidiary, the Huaxia Foundation, which became operational during the reporting period.
A subsidiary is lagging behind and performing less than expected: According to the performance report, the company will achieve a relative depth of 300 indexes in 2018. The monthly report's statistical calculus is the parent company + Sino-Tung (Sangdong) + gold-ton securities.
On the basis of the current performance reports, Sino-Systems International, Mid-Surrey Futures, Warshaky Gold, Goldstone Investments, etc., are included in the statistics, and some of the subsidiaries (the summer fund - 16.62%) a+h coupons are expected to take the lead in implementing the new accounting standard ifrs9.
The recategorization of equity-type investments in production to fvtpl results in losses and losses on self-employment, which are reflected in a straightforward way in current-period gains and losses, increasing the volatility of corporate returns on investment; and (3) prudential treatment of net benefits from compression. Another effect of the new accounting standards is that the impairment method is changed from the “incurred loss method” to the “incurred loss method”
“Expected loss method”, leading to increased pressure on stock pledge impairment loss, combined with the company's more cautious approach to the calculation, is expected to maintain a high four-quarter rate, leading to aaaa acquisition plan (600030.sh)
At the top of the list, there's no change in the position of the leader, and there's a clear investment advantage: a performance forecast or fast-tracker has already been disclosed. _aaa_Sinse securities (6000030) 3-quarter evaluation
At the operational level, the competitive advantage of companies in brokering, financial management and off-the-shelf options has not changed, and the investment advantage has continued to grow.
In 2018, according to wind's listing statistics, the company carried $12.776 billion in ipo, plus $166,683 million in financing, $76,685 million in bonds, with a city share.
Since late October of the year, the regulatory level has been able to untie multi-line operations (refinancing, M & A heavy groups), and the size of the operations has been stable, with companies expected to buy large amounts of credit in 2019 in the form of fund-raising and counter-markets, with a limited share of roe: companies have recently released pre-acquisition plans for Guangzhou securities
At the end of the first half of 2018, Guangzhou securities had a total of 42 businesses in the south of the country, representing nearly 90% of the revenue.
The company is expected to use its own strong brokering and product creation capabilities to re-develop the stock of the Guangzhou securities and achieve an increase in performance. In addition, the company will use this as a means of accessing customer and political resources in the Bay of Australasia region to speed up investment and related operations.
At present, Guangzhou securities are at a low level, with mid-2018 data reporting only -0.25% (with 3.71% of the securities in the same period), but static calculations estimate the overall number of Sino-Portable securities as a whole.
While the amortization effect is within 0.5 percentage points, the long-term business incremental contribution will help with the crediting securities Profit forecasting and investment proposal: from a performance-facilitating perspective, the performance of the middle-constituency securities in 2018 was lower than expected, but their overall strength remained at the top of the industry, as represented by the investment behaviour.
The business has a clear lead, and in weak urban environments it has shown strong business resilience. And from the new systems that have been put in place today, C.I.T., C.T.C.C., are good for front-runners, and companies can be expected to take the lead as industry leaders.
In the recent implementation of the plan for the acquisition of Guangzhou securities, the company will establish a more complete business network layout from its geographical location between the East and South China regions, which will benefit notably from brokering, investment, etc. based on (1) the company’s performance below expectations, and (2) the company’s excellent operations.
Risk factors: acquisition plans are not as fast as expected; capital markets are highly volatile; macro-economic