January 24th, 2019.
Quick Performance Review: Year-round performance is better than that of a colleague, leadership is stronger, Guangzhou securities are strong, their current valuation is reasonable, and we offer investment proposals for “buy-in”.40 Performance pressure, year-round is better than that of a partner: Sino-Sin securities issued performance forecasts, year-round 2018
One-quarter data shows that the corresponding revenues were 10 billion dollars, while the corresponding net gains were 32.3 per cent, while the corresponding net gains were 2.1 billion dollars, and that yoy was doing a great job in buying the Guangzhou securities: the Chinese securities were valued at not more than $13.46 billion, and the shares were sold to Viet Soo-jin, with limited shares in gold control, to purchase the Guangzhou securities assets, with a price of $16.97.
In order to strengthen Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinos, in particular, the South China region, and consolidate its dominant position, the market review in 2018 and the outlook for 2019: Review of the Market, the Equity Market in 2018
The overall pattern of product combinations is down, the market downturn has led to a steady decline in the volume of transactions, and we have calculated the balance of the finance coupons at the end of 2018 at the end of the year, which is a steady decline.
Institutional investors account for the share of liquidity, trusting that there will be a boost to securities brokers, credit, investment, etc. In addition, the regulatory level has slowed down the marginality of operations such as mergers and acquisitions, reorganizations, etc., and there is an imminent start-up, all of which are expected to have a positive impact on bond-brokering operations.
Market interest rates are currently generally low, and it is expected that liquidity will remain reasonably adequate this year, and that it will help to reduce the end-of-end cost of bond dealers’ liabilities. Consider the integration effects of companies after buying out Guangzhou securities, we rate them as “buy-in.”
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.