On the evening of December 24, 2018, the Chinese letter issued a stop call for the issuance of shares, purchase of 100 per cent shares in the Guangzhou securities, dealing with the Guangzhou Vieto Financial Holdings Group, dealing with the two parties.
Two listed companies and two securities companies have re-assembly their assets.
The history of mergers and acquisitions since then, the company’s tradition of backward mergers and acquisitions at the bottom of the industry, and the company’s acquisition of China’s summer securities in 2007, all of which contributed significantly to the later stage of business layout and performance. As far as the company is now issuing shares for the purchase of Guangzhou securities, this is despite the fact that the trading price is currently on the market.
The case has not yet been determined, but we believe that the value for money should be high: on the one hand, the securities industry, especially small and medium-sized bond dealers, is under pressure and the company is in a position to negotiate favourably and is expected to obtain the money at a lower capital premium.
Production; on the other hand, the counterparty is currently in the midst of a significant consolidation of assets, and it has been decided that two major listed companies, the sale of which is dominated by Guangzhou securities, and the department business, which is dominated by the Guangzhou Friendship Group, will have the potential to sell.
• Issuance of shares for the purchase of Guangzhou securities will strengthen the regional layout of South China.
Two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Guangzhou Friendship are responsible, respectively, for financial and department business, holding 100 per cent equity in Guangzhou securities directly or indirectly: 2) Guangzhou stock holding futures, wide-source investment (private equity investment), wide-visibility (other investment), wide-scale long-student (equity investment consultancy)
As of 18h1, there were 154 businesses in the Guangzhou Securities Department, of which 136 in the Stock Exchange Department, 18 in the Futures Department, China Dong and China South: 3) and 11.1 billion yuan in the 18h1 Guangzhou Stock Exchange, with a surplus of $71.2 million in the South China region alone.
In return, the operating profit is $4.26 million. We can see that Guangzhou securities are used as local state holdings, financial platforms, financial brands are well aligned, capital is stronger, and there are stronger resource endowments, network layouts, business opening advantages in South China. This merger will help strengthen the Chinese-China faith.
Sino-Sin securities (600030): Excellent performance, excellent valuation of portfolio operations, resource layout in the South China region. Sino-Sin securities (600030): Visible marginal acceleration pressure.
• Stock prices are limited, positive performance factors accumulated, and high medium- and long-term distribution values are good. Valuations are expected to be rolled out, and companies are expected to be one of the main beneficiaries; while the public sector is taking advantage of the industry's low-sum merger to integrate, build on the next round of cattle, and the positive performance factors are not working.
• Profit forecasting and rating: not taking into account the gains and losses from the purchase of Guangzhou securities and the changes in equity.