Performance performance is still better than industry, and scalding progress is on the steps.
On 23 January, the Chinese Portfolio issued an unaudited fast-tracked performance report for 2018, achieving business income of 372.2 market factors that put a pressure on performance. Overall performance outperformed industry levels by 509, a decrease of 54%. Only 40% of the investors had completed the ipo roll-out.
Three hundred billion dollars is down by 19 per cent. Thanks to market factors, middle-class performance is clearly high, net return profits are low, profitability is in the forefront of the industry and the competitive edge of the business is clear.
Thanks to a high base for the same period last year, the fourth quarter saw a fall of about 41% in net profit returns, delaying the year’s growth rate. The firm’s competitive edge in core business was clear: $94.77 billion of the year’s principals, ranked first in the industry, with an excellent investment portfolio.
The stock-based trading market ranks second in terms of 5.2%. The average monthly size of the management is 1.5 trillion yuan, with more than 600 billion yuan in active management. The number of new transactions in off-site derivatives ranks second.
On January 22, a letter of inquiry was sent in response to the letter stating that the acquisition of the certificate would enhance the core competitiveness of the Guangdong and South China regions.
The total number of sites will increase from 18 to 50, and the overall market share of brokering is expected to increase by 10 per cent. 3) Step by step to strengthen strategic cooperation in the “Obassus Bay region” of Hong Kong. 4) Future merger will be integrated into classification evaluations, with affiliates positioned to perform specific operations in South China, avoid conflicts of interest and competition among partners, and strengthen internal controls and risk control.
The continuation of the M & As by Sino-Sin securities will significantly enhance the South China region’s strength and further consolidate the overall competition s010111000151 advantage. There are currently 1.3 times the pb of the coupon plate, and market reform policies have catalysed the downward valuation of the plate.
1. Sino-Sinse securities (600030): proposed full-scale purchase of Guangzhou certificates, further consolidation of leadership, industry ahead of industry
Summarized of company financial statement data projections, Chen Xiang, China Social Science School, PhD in Business and Law, and post-doctor in Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research. Joined in 2017 as a member of the civil securities industry. author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,