The business environment continues to improve, the company's performance reverses.
The company’s net profit grew by 174.41% in February of the same year. The company’s operating income in February 2019 was 1.760 billion yuan, and the net profit in that month ranked third in the list. From the cumulative caliber, the company achieved an increase of more than 63% in January 2019 and net profit, with its performance reversed in January 2019;
The company ' s business earnings and net profits increased significantly in February at a rate similar to that of the previous year, and since 2019, the stock market data have warmed up, capital market reforms have advanced rapidly, good equity policies are expected to continue, the business environment will continue to improve, and the company ' s performance has increased or exceeded expectations for the year as a whole in 2019.
In terms of profitability, for the last five years (from 2014 to the third quarter of 2018, the same amount as the net profit deductions from the parent is the first in the industry.
In the last five years, the net income of many of the company ' s major businesses has been the highest in the industry: net revenue from corporate brokerage, industry of entry size; industry of net income from the company ' s investment portfolio, industry of entry size, industry of first place, as at 10 March 2019, the company ' s ipo project reserve of 92 (excluding co-sponsorships) and the number of reserve entrepreneurs
Industry ranked fourth in order to provide a strong guarantee of corporate income from the 2019 investment; company management operations ranked first in the net income scale; industry ranked first in the size of the company's overseas operations, with 13.45 per cent in the first half of 2018; and industry ranked first in the size of the company's own business.
The stock market is warming, the data margins are getting better. In January 2019, a stock exchange began to be repaired on average.
The volume of transactions rose significantly in February, from $29.67 billion a day in January-February 2019 to $29.67 billion a day in January-February 2019, and since the opening of the port, as of 8 March 2019, the accumulated net purchase of a stock from the North had led to a better margin of market data and a more than anticipated return to warmer temperatures, with companies acting as industrial dragons.
The securities industry event review: creating a science panel and pilot registration system, coupons to meet the dividends of capital market reform, improved business environment and increased market activity. International environment: United States interest hikes in 2019.
China’s trade negotiations have made substantial progress, and the US Trade Representative’s Office has announced an end to the imposition of additional tariffs on China’s imports. The domestic environment: monetary policy has been adjusted from “stable” to “stable” and financial balance across banks.
At the State Department press conference, Wang Mingxing said that structural deleveraging had met expectations. The overall de-barring is expected to decline in 2019.
As policies and finance improve, good policies continue to be introduced, a stock turnover increases rapidly, market activity increases significantly, and the company’s profitability in its main business is at the forefront of the industry.
At the center of a 12-year history of pb times, we maintain a “precautiously recommended” investment, with 300 indexes for the “market index” of this rating system. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively informed.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.