March 22nd, 2019.
Annual Report Review: Lumpbacks, who have long benefited from capital market development, realized 37.2 billion yuan in 2018, 14.0 per cent for yoy, $9.4 billion for net profits, 17.9 per cent for yoy, consistent with previous performance reports.
The Division’s performance will be more flexible, and, in the context of increased direct financing at the regulatory level, the credit securities should benefit from it as a front-runner. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable.
Performance is under pressure, but better than industry: Sino-Sin securities issue an annual report, year-round performance and market review for 2018: in terms of income line items, the main drag is self-employment, with net revenue from self-employment of 8 billion dollars and a 36.7 per cent drop in the year ' s income of yoy, as well as investment and brokering.
The decline in credit and financial management performance was good, with a slight increase in credit operations, the decline in equity markets as a whole, and the decline in the volume of transactions brought about by the low market, which we calculate.
On average, 369.8 billion dollars were disbursed on a daily basis in 2018 and 19.4 per cent fell by 33.4 per cent, as measured by the financing voucher index, and according to the Eastern Fiscal Statistics, the real financing of the stock market (including ipo, refinancing, etc.) fell by 980.3 billion in 2018, or 33.4 per cent.
Institutional investors account for a share in the liquidity of securities brokers, credits, investments, etc. In addition, regulatory levels are slowing down operations such as M & A restructuring, opening up the board, all of which are expected to be active.
Market interest rates as a whole are at a low level, and it is expected that liquidity will remain reasonably adequate this year, and that this will help to reduce the end-of-the-end cost of bonders’ liabilities. On the policy front, the current regulatory layer is increasing capital, market reforms, and direct financing.
At a higher level, Sino-Sin securities are expected to continue to benefit from the construction of China's capital markets, and after buying out the Guangzhou securities, we are expected to do much more, and we build the “buy-in” investment.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.