Satellite petrochemical c2 products began to contribute to performance, and new material layout became a new bright spot for project c2 formal contribution performance, supporting the company ' s continued growth.
Industry income was 10,769 million yuan, an increase of 125.68 per cent from the same year, resulting in a net profit of 2,126 million yuan from the return to the mother, together with new energy releases from the product, and a phase of the 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and 300,000 tons of acrylates project was successfully launched in the first quarter of the year. In addition, the price of the main product and the price differentials also increased to varying degrees.
The overall Māori ratio for c3 products reached 32.4 per cent, an increase of 8.48 percentage points over the same period. c2 and c3 products continue to grow in capacity and new materials are being distributed faster.c2 Phase II has entered the installation phase and is expected to be completed by mid-2022.
The new materials new energy integration project is expected to start in November 2021. The company is accelerating the deployment of the new materials industry to promote the epoxy polyether monomer, epoxy-ether sub-base at Lilonghu.
The construction of projects on ethanolamine, ethylamine and new eaa materials is scheduled to be completed in 2022 with equipment such as ethylene carbonate (ec), dimethyl carbonate (dmc), diethyl carbonate (dec), methylacetate carbonate (emc), including product planning such as vc, fec.
The market share of the photovoltaic industry in the river area is more than 50%, and the influence of the dioxygen water in semiconductor, photovoltaic, etc. will be further expanded in the future.
c2, c3, coupled with a rich future stock of new production and promising new material products. Satellite petrochemicals: the price difference for acrylic acid increases, 2020q4 outperforms.
Expected: 202,1011 Satellite petrochemicals: record high performance in the second quarter, difficult ring Large fluctuations in exchange rates affect corporate exchange gains and losses; abnormal fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials prices affect companies
High-quality bottom colour in the world 20200730 Product prices and Māori; project construction less advanced than expected; safety and environmental risks, etc. Satellite petrochemicals: volume, efficiency increases, c3 industry leaders continue to stagger
Surgeon 20200413 S.S.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
CHEMICALS: CHEMICAL MATERIALS Figure 1. Prices and differentials of apropylene Figure 2. Prices and differentials of polypropylene
Figure 3. Prices and differentials of acrylic acid Figure 4. Prices and differentials of polypropene