*
The high growth in corporate profitability in the first half of 2021 was due mainly to: (1) the increase in performance as a result of the commissioning of the c2 chemicals project; the launch in May 2021 of the LNBC Phase I (c2 chemicals project), which generated new sales revenues of 1.53 billion yuan for polyethylene, epoxy-ethane and ethanol, and 560 million yuan for new Māori chemicals; and (2) the increase in the price of the chemical plates of C3:
The company's c3 business is rising at a very high price, and the unit is building up the industry's leading position by adding code c3 to the industry's chain layout, compared to a 300-deep trend.
The company continues to add code c3 to the industry chain layout, and the advantages of scale are highlighted. To date, the company has 900,000 c-propylene production, and an announcement was made on 20th of the date that 800,000 tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of octanol, 120,000 tons of new quintoe and ancillary devices are to be built in 2024, when the company c3 industry chain capacity will increase further, and industry leaders will gain further leadership.
By the end of the day, the scale effect is gradually emerging, with major c2 chemical products in production, new energy chemical materials in deployment, new space in growth, chemicals in production by the company, and new energy materials in future.
In addition, the company relies on the Tectoc2 and c3 industrial chain platform, which features new materials in new energy sectors, and plans to build ethylene oxide and ethylene oxide in 2022.
CO2 is added to the battery-grade ethylene carbonate (ec), dimethyl carbonate (dmc), diethyl carbonate (dec) and methyl ester carbonate (emc). At the same time, the company uses large by-products of green hydrogen to promote cooperation and layout in the development and use of hydrogen, and uses double-oxy water to outperform the market share of the photovoltage industry in the river region.
50%, further expanding the impact of dioxyhydrazine in the semiconductor, photovoltaic, etc.pe, maintaining a “recommended” rating, considering that the commissioning of company c2 projects will result in significant performance growth over the next 1-2 years.
1. Satellite petrochemicals (002648), annual report, 2020. Prices of ethylenepropylene fell; the speed of progress in the cloudy harbour project slowed.
In October 2014, he joined the private sector in research on petrochemicals and building materials, the best Chinese industry in the year 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.