Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 26 July, company announcement 2021 semi-annual.
The return on assets was 14.48 per cent, an increase of 9.47 percentage points over the same period: net cash flow from operating activities increased the price of the productive energy release plus, the company ' s performance significantly increased, and the major profits were derived from the literature, which amounted to 2,499 million yuan (75.23 per cent of the total) and the Maori rate.
32.40 per cent compared to 2020h1 and C3 chemicals increased by 1,564 million yuan, contributing most to performance, mainly because of the increase in acrylic acid and ester production capacity and the increase in collage prices, and on May 20, the wholly-owned subsidiaries produced 1.35 million tons per year, 2.190 million tons of eoe and 26 tons of petrochemicals in Yundu.
In one phase of the project, the 10,000-acn joint installation project succeeded in driving. Company products increased polyethylene, ethylene oxide, ethylene diol. 1,221h1c2 chemicals contributed 1,532 million yuan in sales revenue, gross 1.
• Upstream consolidation of productive advantage, new downstream layouts of materials, hydrogen energy, future growth of companies, 2.q1 performance as expected, c2 project is in progress, i.e., Chart 1 is in the process of construction and planning of projects
3.c3 The industrial chain contributes significantly to carbon neutrality or contributes to the future. Upstream companies continue to consolidate the power-scale advantages of the upper c2 and c3 light hydrocarbons route, building projects for propane dehydration, ethane fission: active use of high purity light hydrocarbon raw materials in downstream companies, industrial chain I
According to the company’s report, the company will accelerate the construction of projects such as monomer, ethanolamine, ethylamine, and eaa new materials for ethylene downstream polyethers, while measuring the products associated with new chemical material layouts in the direction of new energy sources.
In addition, the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate (ec), carbonate dimethylene (dmc), carbonate diethylene (dec), carbonate methyl ethylene (emc) etc., including product planning for vc, fec etc., has been accelerated through collaboration with higher education institutions.
We believe that the company will make new breakthroughs in the field of chemical and new materials. To take full advantage of the large by-product hydrogen gas generated by light hydrocarbon cracks, the company is actively engaged in hydrogen energy development and development.
In the context of bicarbons, the company’s light hydrocarbon route has a natural advantage, active hydrogen and new chemical materials.
Risks of falling product prices: the supply of raw materials: the risk of less than anticipated construction projects. International paper, cited more than 600 times, applied for patents on five national inventions; B.A., University of Tianjin; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of chemical sellers
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market research, use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.