The auto industry still has a lot of room for development, core.
The company, as the leader of the industry, continued to develop pre-reform h1 retail performance better than wholesale, with a significant recovery in net profits. In the first half of the year, a total of 2,297 thousand vehicles (+12.1%) were distributed and sold, except for a general decline of 78%, with general, autonomous and Mitsubishi growth, respectively.
This is mainly due to the growth in sales and income, the lower impact base of the epidemic during the same period last year; the increase in exchange rate earnings of $80 million resulted in a 21.9% decrease in financial costs, with four cost rates falling by 0.3 pct, and cost controls. The expected increase in the sales volume and structural upgrading of h1 is 1.2 pct. In addition, the net investment is net.
Revenues increased by $3.13 billion, gains from changes in fair value and reduced credit impairments, a substantial increase of 58.6 per cent in net profit h1, influenced by a shortage of chips, q2 batches sold 1.55 million vehicles (-15.7 per cent), of which the general population decreased by 28.2 per cent, general revenue by 34.7 per cent, and Māori by 0.4 per cent, higher by 1.9 pc, higher sales, management, R & D, financial costs and four higher costs.
Changes in earnings and assets disposal gains increased by $1.12 billion, $640 million, net profits under combined effects decreased by 11.1 per cent, and performance was as expected. Domestic stocks were significantly reduced, overseas prospects were open. Domestic markets were constrained by chip shortages, etc.
The company’s wholesale sales are under short-term pressure, but the retail sales are doing well. The company absorbed 648,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, reducing the inventory by 31.5%, and the company’s sales are expected to pick up rapidly as the chip shortage subsides.
New models like New Willangpro are on the market, and they can be developed in the future. In overseas markets, about 260,000 (+95.1%) were exported and sold overseas in the first half of the year, and the entire export continues to be ranked first in the domestic industry, with significant performance in markets such as Europe, India, and Thailand.
Ten thousand vehicles (+406.6%) outperformed the industry, of which the share of new energy sales was more than 20% in passenger cars and Mitsubishis. The public bus model went on the market, and projects like General Bev3.
Critical technologies such as solid-state batteries, igbt power-drive modules, fuel cell system technology, and technology have become comparable to a global leader; the technology base strategic layout has been achieved, for example, through the construction of software, which has led to the initial formation of an integrated all-bureau smart car solution.
The outlook for sources, smart networks, etc., continues to be a leader in core competitiveness for long-term development. Upper Steam Group: q3 outperforms expectations, business improvement follow-up 1) sales fall short of expectations; 2) raw materials shortages and price increases; and 3) products have significantly reduced prices.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.