Q2 income-end pressure increased. 2021h1, automobile sales in the industry.
Heated, the company's whole vehicle sales improved, with the company's bulk sales and retail sales of 229.7 million yuan and +29.90 per cent respectively. 2021q2, the shortage of chips and the increase in the price of bulk commodities put downward pressure on the entire product and increased pressure on the company's revenue, generating an operating income of $17,220.3 million, the same amount.
Optimizing the product structure and leading to improved profitability. 2021h1, the company's enhanced marketing of new energy vehicles and high Maori products, leading to better profitability on a par, with Māori rates and net interest rates of 11.44 per cent, respectively, and the highest/minimum interest rates in the year:
On the one hand, corporate ownership, brand and new-energy vehicle sales have increased by the same amount, with 2021h1, company sales of new-energy vehicles exceeding 280,000 vehicles, with 400% more than the same time, and autonomous brands with vehicles on board, on board and above.
General Mitsubishi retail end sales grew by 60.2 per cent, 57.2 per cent, and 39.5 per cent respectively. On the other hand, the Department further expanded the size of overseas sales and market share, with h1 ownership of overseas sales and services net asset returns (%):
The number of new energy products sold overseas is close to 20,000, a 1.5-fold increase compared with the number of new energy products sold abroad. Innovative enablers, looking at companies’ long-term competitive advantages.
A continuous high level of R & D input, a new, pure and exclusive car structure, a new generation of "3 power systems" R & D applications, an active deployment of the next generation of battery technology, a continuous upgrading of technology in five centres: software, artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, network security, and the promotion of smart cars and new energy
Technical escort, which is expected to help companies further improve their product strength and core competitiveness, expand their lead edge, and look at companies’ long-term competitive advantage.
At the same time, the company continues to push for a new four-tier, a new-energy car, a new car, a 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, is expected to lead to a gradual upturn in public sales, and the company is actively working with the supply chain and distributors to activate it.
In Beijing, sales are expected to help keep the company back on track, looking for its long-term competitive advantage.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the benefit of another person.