Autonomous brands are growing strongly, and joint brands are returning steadily The upper gas group (600104) reported mid-2021 incident: the upper gas group released the mid-2021 report with a gross operating income of 206.96 billion yuan, compared to the previous year
Huang Soo Yo, the net profit from the 2021h1 crop and the return of mothers has increased significantly. The 2021h1 company earned $36.696 billion, an increase of 29.03 per cent over the same period the previous year, mainly because of the recovery of the domestic automobile industry, and sales.
The growth in corporate ownership has been strong, and joint-venture brands have recovered steadily.
The number of vehicles sold reached 381,000, an increase of 60.2 per cent in the same year, the number of vehicles retailed in the upper gas main reached 106,000, an increase of 57.2 per cent in the same year, the number of vehicles retailed in the upper gas utility Mitsubishi reached 884,000, an increase of 39.5 per cent in the same year, and the price of the Mitsubishi macrominiev rose steadily after the “Macalon” was placed on the market and continued to live in high domestic electric vehicles.
At the top of the sales list: at the same time, the number of major joint venture brands has risen steadily, with 746,000 general retail vehicles, a 25.5 per cent increase compared to the 25.5 per cent increase, and the volume of Caddyxt6 and ct5 sales has increased significantly, and the supply of Begl8 has fallen short; the number of popular brands retailing on board has risen by almost 670,000, a 14 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and the domestic bill continues to be maintained.
Companies are actively promoting marketing changes and promoting channel construction and sales. Corporate cars are “user-centred” in order to accelerate the upgrading of the capacity of front-line users and to promote change in their way of reaching and marketing models by deepening organizational structures, operating mechanisms, and so on.
Launching "and "Wise"7 Global Pre-sales, focusing on branding, user operations, etc., is a two-wheel drive to build user-type enterprises through content and data. Onboarding the car companies explore the construction of a supermarket, creating a second-hand car centre, promoting the return of value of vehicles and authenticating second-hand car operations.
The Volkswagen public has set up an independent operating team responsible for the promotion of the id series “agent model” and, by digital means, has made full use of existing channels to better serve users.
Partner recruitment is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the business model of the “entity electricity business ecological experience” is being actively explored, with a direct link between branding and users, with the first city fair opening in four quarters. The rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.