China Ship (600150) 2019 Report: Business has improved steadily, and good assets are injected into the future.
Incident: Company report 2019, issued on 18 April, during the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $23,136 million (+36.82 per cent); net profit return to the mother of $405 million (-17.26 per cent); overall company performance increased steadily and operating income increased substantially.
Of this amount, the ship repair business, the ship-building business, the ship-building project was completed, the ship-building project was completed and the revenue was recognized. Shipbuilding at the Outer High Bridge took advantage of new developments in the international seamen market in a timely manner, and the production operations plan was adjusted in time to enable the completion of three consecutive platforms throughout the year.
On the other hand, the combined Māori rate of 10.57 per cent (-2.75 pcts), of which the Māori rate for ship repair operations was 7.80 per cent (-2.05 pcts), was due mainly to the inclusion of Māori-low-premium processing vessels in the main camp operations and to factors such as product restructuring and partial shipbuilding facilities upgrading; and Māori for power and equipment operations, 19.75 per cent.
(+1.64 pcts); 7.94 per cent (+8.91 pcts) of marine engineering operations, due mainly to factors such as the same-year increase in the completion of marine engineering products in the current year; 9.31 per cent (- 10.04 pcts) of mechanical and electrical equipment operations, mainly due to market factors in wind tower operations, resulting in a decrease in the price of orders compared with the previous period.
In 2019, the company continued to build the master ship, and built the ship outside the bridge into a new phase of the One Wing. The company continued to build the master ship, increased its research and development reserves, intensified its research and development efforts around the company-owned bulk carriers, tankers, chemical vessels, self-dismantling vessels, carpentry ships, cold container vessels, and so on, upgraded and innovated ships.
In 2019, the main subsidiary, Takahashi, as a leading Chinese shipbuilding company, steadily entered a new phase of the “one-wing” industry, with the large cruise ship start-up, and the third fpso project, the sbm, officially in force, with a good-looking bulkship,
Afra's tanker order. During the reporting period, the Outer High Bridge earned $14,106 million (+55.22%) in the main camp, and the net profit of $196 million was $193 million less than the previous year, mainly because of the return on investment in the disposal of shares, such as long-swinging and heavy labour, in the previous year. With the increasing concentration of the world's shipbuilding industry, companies have become more stable.
A firm market position, and a better branding effect. Outbound high-bridge shipbuilding was evaluated by the National Enterprise Technology Centre in 2019, the national standard "Quality Requirements for Building Self-Introduction Drilling Platforms" was approved and officially awarded to the Shanghai Technical Research Centre for Digital Construction of High-Technology Ships, its "sws high-visibility bulk vessel"
Selection of Shanghai brands. A refined product line and brand effect will combine two ships to build ship repair orders for further enablers, Air Capital Building and Air Securities Limited, and high-quality assets will be injected into the future. The merger of strategic asset restructuring will further optimize the asset structure of listed companies and improve asset quality and economic performance.
Injected companies, such as Jiangnan Shipbuilding, have a strong core competitive and industrial position in the military and civilian ship repair sector, which is conducive to improving the layout of listed companies, consolidating the competitive edge of operations, and upgrading the assets of listed companies. With core asset injections, the future can be expected in terms of the volume of civil-military ship orders and performance contributions.
Applied industries, ship-to-ship industry services” have four main industries, with a complete chain of ship industries. As the two ships combine strategically and gradually land, core assets, such as the construction of ships in Jiangnan, will be injected, the quality of business performance and the assets of listed companies will be further enhanced.
Figure 2: Net corporate return (millions of yuan) and rate of increase (%): Corporate operating costs: three fees (billions) Figure 4: Corporate Māori, net profit and cost (%)