On April 16, 2019, the Science and Technology Initiative Board accepted the list of companies with seven seats for semiconductors.
Let's focus on technology and continue to introduce technology to semiconductors. Science and technology are integrated circuit designers whose main products include memory interface chips, scavengers, cpu, and hybrid safe memory modules for data centres, clouds.
Computers and artificial intelligence. The company was founded in 2004 by the Montagegroup, with its headquarters in Shanghai, which was listed in NASDAQ, and currently has branches in Quinsan, Macau, Silicon Valley, and Seoul, Korea.
• Market demand for memory is increasing, and the market for memory interfaces is growing rapidly and rapidly, with good prospects for development. On the one hand, the rapid development of ddr has made the city more demanding on the technology of memory interface chips; on the other hand, with the cloud screens,
The rapid diffusion of emerging technologies, such as math, big data, and the increased demand for servers, continues to catalyze the market demand for memory. In the context of the future growth of global server output, expectations, and trends in memory technology and servers, memory interface chips.
The size of the market will continue to grow rapidly in the future. The company is one of the leading drivers of the global memory interface chip. The memory interface chip field has a high technical threshold, and the company has invented a ddr4 completely buffer of the 1+9 architecture.
Adopted as an international standard, the products have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, service and cloud computing field, becoming one of the three current global providers of such chips, one of the global repository interfaces.
Since 2016, the company has been working with intel, Qinghua University, and well-known servers in the country to further develop the Xin Xin Xin Xinghua server level product, implement a chip level security monitoring function, and bring it up for cloud computing data centres.
• Comparable companies have higher valuations in the US stock market. The integrated circuit design industry is technology-intensive and capital-intensive, and higher technical barriers make it possible for the industry
The lead business is hard to catch up with in a short period of time. As the technology of memory interface chip technology increases and the industry's fine division of labour demands, the concentration of the industry rises, compared to the higher premium on corporate idt, which is expected to increase the market once technology is on the market.
Intellectual property rights risks, higher risk of client concentration, etc. Science and technology is one of the integrated circuit designers, the main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products currently include memory interface chips, a cpu server and a mix of security.
The company’s predecessor was set up in 2004 by the Montagegroup, with its headquarters in Shanghai, which was listed in Nasdak, and currently has branches in Kunshan, Macau, Silicon Valley, and Seoul, Korea.
The company has established a leading industry in the domain of the memory interface chip. The company is now one of the major global providers of full/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4.
The buffer “1+9” architecture has been adopted as an international standard, and the products have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing field, becoming one of three companies worldwide that can provide such chips.
1 sent-in clock-drive chip (rcd) 9 data buffer chip (db) 2. The rate of increase in our integrated circuit design industry is significant
The IED industry is upstream, i.e. the Crystal Circle Generation and Seal Tests, and downstream is an important area for the use of integrated circuits in the end electronics market, e.g. auto electronics, industrial controls, consumer electronics, etc. The ICD industry has been growing at a faster pace over the years, with sales revenue from the ICD industry in China increasing from 36.39 billion yuan in 2010 to 2017.
Each year, at 2,073.5 billion yuan, the average annual composite growth rate was 28.22%, raising the share of the global integrated circuit design industry to a rapidly growing market for memory module demand-enhancing memory interface chips. The memory interface chip is downstream of the dram market, with customers mainly represented by three-star electronics, Hercules, and US Light Technology, and the size of the demand is larger.
Large and fast-growing, with global storage sales reaching $124 billion in 2017, or 61.5 per cent, with dram sales reaching $72 billion, 76.8 per cent more than in 2016, and the market size of the memory interface chip is expected to remain relatively fast in the future, in conjunction with the growth in global server output expectations and trends in memory technology and server development.
The expansion of cloud computing services has contributed to a growing demand for data centres worldwide. The data centres, the physical basis for cloud computing, reached $53.47 billion in 2017, and the global market for data centres has remained roughly at a 15-20% growth rate in the last three years.
The inneridc market, which is close to $95 billion, has been growing at a rate of about 40% over the past three years, significantly above the global average. The cloud computing, 5g, and ai-driven server market is booming.
In addition, the development of artificial intelligence technology will produce a huge amount of arithmetical demand, making it a completely new growth point in the server market. The company’s main client is the international champion of the dram market, 2018, the company’s top five customers.
The share is 90.1% and the client is concentrated, with a net profit of 737 million yuan. The company ' s revenues are broken down by product, with a memory interface chip of 1,749 million yuan, or 99.49%, and three, the equity structure and the financing process.
The company’s first shareholder is China Power Investment, holding 15.9% of the shares. One of the company’s founders, its chairman, Yang Chong, and Dr. Dr. Jang, served in companies such as the American National Semiconductor Corporation, and in 1997 worked with colleagues to create the Silicon Valley Model integrated circuit design company, New Oscillation Technology. Jang and Dr. Yang were elected in 2010.
Mr. Stephenkuong-iotai, one of the company’s founders and general manager, was involved in the creation of the marvell Science and Technology Group and was the director of engineering research and development for the company, with more than 25 years of semiconductor architecture, design, and engineering management experience.
Figure 9 Corporate equity structure Last replenishment of technology in December 2018, intelcapital subscription of 101,683,250 shares at a price of US$ 175,074,860, and svicno.28investment at a price of US$ 19,452,762
The company applied to be listed on the project board for $2.3 billion to be raised, mainly for the new generation of memory interface chips, the upgrade of the server cpu and its platform, artificial intelligence chips, etc.
The memory interface chip research and development industry is technology-driven, attracting a large number of industry major producers at the beginning of the industry, with more than 10 industry participants in the ddr2 phase. By the ddr3 stage, there was a marked decrease in industry major players.
Three companies, each with technology, idt (formerly listed in the United States) and Rambus (listed in the United States), have so far had no competition among domestic companies with completely comparable business models and product types, so we chose idt and rambus as label companies.
The market share of the mouth chip is relatively close, and the Rambus ratio is relatively small. idt is a company that provides a combination signal semiconductor solution for the communications, computers, and consumer industries. idt provides ddr3 and dddr4lrdim storage interface solutions, serialrapidio, pciexpressressress & network bridges, signal integrity products
And power management solutions to meet the needs of enterprise server applications. Rambus has been engaged in research and development of high-end storage products since its inception, which are currently applied to high-performance personal computers, graphic workstations, servers and other devices that he has certain requirements for bandwidth and time delay.
The integrated circuit design industry is a technology-intensive, well-financed, centralized industry, with high technical barriers making it difficult for industry leaders to catch up in a short period of time. With the development of memory and the increased demand for a more refined division of labour, industry concentration has gradually increased, compared to companies idt.
The risks in the semiconductor sector include, inter alia, the risk of technological upgrading, the risk of adjustment of tax incentives, the risk of intellectual property rights, the risk of a higher concentration of customers, etc.
Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 Accompanied Chinese securities, major areas of research and tracking: tmt, debt transferable, etc. Standarded by the increase and decline of securities relative to the 300 index in the six months following the report. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.