UV mining (stock code: 601899.sh) net gain of 37.864 billion yuan for the mother, +55.45 per cent for the same year; net gain of 34.127 billion yuan for the non-contribution to the mother, with the same increase in the value of the gold plate, contributing to the main increase in performance of 2025q3:
263,000 tons, mineral gold ring ratio + 7 to 23.8 tons and mineral zinc ring ratio + 0.1 to 91,000 tons. The decline in copper ring ratio was mainly due to the flooding of the Kamoa-Kakura copper mine, where companies and shareholders are pushing the recovery effort to the east of the Kakura sector.
Sun Shenzhe Akim gold mine (with 3.2 tons of production five months after delivery), new Xinjiang Savaton gold mine, and improved treatment of Shanxi's prime gold mine, your state's mercury cave gold mine, Serbian copper gold.
2) unit price: 25q3 unit ring ratio for mineral copper sales + 3% to 64,000 yuan/tonne, mineral gold sales unit ratio + 4% to 768 yuan/g, mineral zinc sales unit price ratio + 9% to 16,000 yuan/tonne. 3) cost: 25q3 company unit cost for mineral copper sales + 4% to 25,000 yuan/tonne, respectively
Gold unit sales cost ratio +3 per cent to $280/g, and mineral zinc unit sales cost +1 per cent to 10,000/tonne, respectively.
(iii) High transition costs for new M & As: For example, the pre-acquisition mine life-cycle model (end of 2027) was used to calculate asset depreciation, resulting in higher depreciation amortization costs.
Profit: 25q3 gross profit ring + 1.78 billion yuan, with mineral copper/mineral gold/mineral zinc Māori gold and copper production steadily increasing capacity and opening up room for performance growth: the company ' s successive completion of the Akim gold deposits in Ghana
In addition to the fact that construction has not yet started, two gold mines have begun to contribute to production and profits, while priority projects such as the Great Dragon Copper Mine, the Juno Copper Mine and the Manono Lithium Mine are well under way.
Of these, the Bronze 2 project is expected to be operational by the end of 2025, laying a solid foundation for sustainable growth in medium- and long-term copper, gold, etc. Investment proposals: with the rise in copper prices and the orderly advancement of the company’s priority projects, we anticipate that the company will be able to make a difference.
1. [Galactic colour] Company review: Purple gold mining: sustained growth resilience 2. [Galactic colour] Company review: Purple gold mining: acquisition of the raygorodok gold mine to strengthen the resource layout in Central Asia.
3. [Galactic colour] Company appraising _ Purple gold mining: the risk of a single-season profit from an all-time high, with a rising value of copper gold; 3) the risk of lower than expected interest rates by the Fed; 4) the risk of geopolitical changes overseas; 5)
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.