Non-ferrous metal industry non-financial companies, non-financial companies
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Events: 3-quarter company reports in 2025. q1-q3 achieved business income of $254.2 billion in 2025, compared to the previous year.
Zhang Ming Dynasty celebrated 7% of the same number of tons. 260,000 tons of copper were produced in the single q3 mine, 6% of the ring; 22.24 million tons were sold, 1% of the ring.
The decline in the copper production ring ratio is due mainly to the impact of the flooding of the Congolese Kamoa-Cakura copper mine, which is being driven by the company's expectation of monetary easing. 3) This slight increase: q1-q3 mineral copper unit costs 24.6 million yuan per ton over 25 years.
60.25 tons, or 18 per cent more. Gold production from single q3 mines is 24 tons, or 7 per cent less; sales are 22 tons, or 9 per cent more. The increase is mainly due to the newly acquired Achim gold mine in Ghana (3.2 tons of production in five months after delivery), the new Xinjiang Sa Huaalton gold mine, and the treatment of the upgraded Shan Yi Ying gold mine, the Guizhou mercury cave gold mine, and Serbian copper
(ii) Increased prices of gold mines: the average value of mineral gold for q1-q3 for 25 years was $716/g, or 43 per cent; the average cost of mineral gold for single q3 was $768/g/year for mineral gold for q1-q3 was $267/g, or 17 per cent; the cost of single q3 gold was $279/g/g, or 3 per cent of the ring increase. The increase in costs was mainly due to the transition cost of the Akim gold mine in Ghana and the increase in equity due to the increase in the price of gold.
Lithium: The lithium carbonate project has been advancing steadily and is expected to increase its supply performance. 110,000 tons of lithium carbonate produced in the first three quarters (including 0.37 million tons produced in the Tibetan mining industry since May 25 years) and 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate in one phase of the 3q lithium mine in Argentina.
By the end of the third quarter, production had begun, and the five million tonnes/year pick system would be tested in the fourth quarter. Profit predictions and ratings, with companies continuously expanding their resource endowments through in-house growth, copper production is expected to continue to rise, and company performance is expected to continue to rise at full cost in the face of rising gold and copper prices.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.