q3 shows brightness, waiting for q4 to perform better than the floor, q3 to deliver 25-year quarterly reports, q3 to realize a net return profit of $14.6 billion, q1-q3 to deliver three quarterly reports, q1-q3 to realize a business income of $254.2 billion, which is an increase.
10.3 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 37.860 billion yuan, an increase of 55.5 per cent in the same year; output: lower than the mineral copper production ring, higher mineral gold production ring q1-q3 in 2025, 65 tons from the company ' s mineral gold production, a 20 per cent increase in the same year, and mineral copper production
830,000 tons, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year, 335 tons of mineral silver, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year, tons of mineral zinc, a decrease of 6 per cent in the ring, 112 tons of mineral silver, a decrease of 6 per cent in the ring, a cost of 9 per cent of mineral zinc production: a slight increase in the cost of major minerals
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks The cost per unit of sale of the company's mineral products increased, and the single and $21176 per ton of gold ore and copper ore rose in 25 q3 due mainly to (1) lower grade and distance of parts of the mineral ore
The increase in the investment in State assets and the increase in the extraction ratio of some open-air mines; (2) a sharp increase in the synchronization of equity based on gold prices; and (3) the high cost of the transition period for new mergers and acquisitions:
For example, the pre-acquisition mine life cycle model (end of 2027) was used to calculate the depreciation of assets after the Akim gold mine in Ghana was closed, resulting in higher depreciation amortization costs.
On September 30, 2025, the company successfully split its subsidiary, Purple Gold International, into Hong Kong, with a total of about HK$ 28.7 billion, creating the largest global gold mining industry ever, the largest ipo outside China's mining industry, and the second largest in the world in 2025.
Large ipo records. Corporate mining mergers and acquisitions have been remarkable since 2025. Companies have completed the Akim gold mine in Ghana, the Tibetan mining control, the Angé sandal gully molten mine, and the raygorodok gold in Kazakhstan.
Four major projects, such as mining, have been acquired and handed over, and the company’s reserves of gold, copper, lithium, molybdenum and molybdenum have been added to the new steps and strategic reserves of mineral potassium resources. Two gold mines have begun to contribute to production and profits, with the exception of the sarcophagus mine, which has yet to be established. The company’s performance is expected to follow the new acquisitions.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to be released quickly. At the same time, a successful international listing of Purple Gold is expected to reshape the company’s gold business valuation.
Profit projections and financial indicators used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and publicity.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.