Restardry (600196.sh) Restardrywarningletter: The overall impact is limited to the Medical Institute's painting plant and does not make a big difference to the company's performance.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average impact, expected to re-activate after the relocation of the plant.
a. fda inspection of raw materials at the qc laboratory plant in the southern shore of the Chongqing medical complex from 16 to 19 May 2016.
Specifically, the fda investigator reviewed the records of various independent laboratory equipment used for high-efficiency liquid chromatography (hplc) and gas chromatography (gc) analysis and found that the entire chromatography sequence and single sample records had been removed from the independent computer.
The data integrity is restored. fda considers that the current quality system of the polyclinics plant is inadequate.
2. Establishment of a joint venture with intuitive, deep tied-up, chart 1: Warningetter information on the painting plant at Chongqing Medical Institute.
4. Publication of the gland audit report, synergetic effects 2 - Impact: The overall impact is limited to the manufacturing plant in the medical complex and does not have a significant impact on the company ' s performance
5. Internationalization: a major breakthrough in the internationalization landscape, which captures the advantages of the agent ' s export, is expected to reactivate the dmf symbol after the relocation of the plant.a, fda ' s warningletter is specific to the factory, so this is the only picture of this warningletter.
The products registered and produced at Chongqing's painting plant do not affect the production and sale of products from other sub-firms of the company.b At present, there is no independent adna symbol for Chongqing's hospital, and there are six in dmf, five of them.
Currently active. The six dmfs are expected to be affected by production and sales in the United States.
Lee Jin-Rae c. Benwarningetter only addresses data irregularities as opposed to "data counterfeiting" and "births" (8621) 60230221
Serious 483 types of warning, such as impurities, are less serious and easier to correct. Meanwhile, the hospital factory is moving, and we expect to quickly reiterate our recommended logic as the relocation is completed and internal management is overhauled.
1- Entering the first team for the export of preparations through mergers and acquisitions of gland: gland's companies are good in quality. Acquisitions are reasonably priced and synergizing.a The excellence is reflected in: 1) excellent production and quality control: 2) efficient registration teams: 3) rich research
Power and danda b, price: reasonable valuation, taking into account the expected approval of the injection of sodium iono and the share of sales of the company ' s clients in cdmo operations
c. Synergy: Unresistance, injections, etc. of the Stars accelerated access to US and Indian markets through gland: production lines shared: gland ' s danda entered the Chinese market through recombustion line certification.2 Through a joint venture with kite, it entered the first echelon of cell therapy.kite for cd19.
Cart Clinical Data is bright and is expected to be the first to be approved Cart Therapy product. Kite pharma submitted a partial mid-term analysis of the zuma-1ii experiment during the 2017 bmtandem conference, and one month after the visit, it was found that non-Hoochkingnogs were treated with car-t cells.
Seventy-six percent of the patients with barcoma (orr) and 47 percent of the total mitigation rate,3 and ten percent of the patients are in the first stage of the current iii phase of clinical resistance. Six others are at different stages of clinical intervention. We believe that the biggest difference between a single resistance and a complete delivery of the product is now.
In the interim, years of capital investment are about to come to a payoff, and policies are favourable. This is a higher share than the larger catapult 4, the re-star pharmaceutical business, and not what was previously thought of as a pharmaceutical investment company, and it is now: pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, medical services, the growing ratio and growth beyond the industry.
The value of M & As on profitability and finance is currently 17 times higher than the price of 17 years. Taking into account the full range of quality layouts in pharmaceuticals, medical services, monolithic resistance, internationalization, cell therapy. Risking the acquisition process: industry policy risk: managing risks in business integration: research and development risk.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.