Resonant medicine (600196.sh) Holding handskite formed a joint venture into the first echelon of cell therapy Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
A joint venture with kite to open the market for cancer t-cell immunotherapy in China’s Greater Land, Hong Kong, and Macao Special Administrative Regions is under way.
(c19) China's commercial rights and two subsequent products (kite-439, kite-718) authorized by Kit, the world's leading cell therapy company, submitted a rolling new application for t-cell immunotherapy kte-c19 for relapse/irresistible invasive cell b cells non-Hotchkin.
lymphoma patients, who are expected to take the lead: follow-up products (i.e. Kit 439 and Kit 718) are still in the pre-clinical research and development phase. An estimated 700,000 new cases per year are treated by the three products as a whole.
People, and all unmet clinical needs, are estimated to have a potential market space of more than 50 billion. The deal led Star Medicine Corporation to take stock, 2016.9.30.
2. " Integrated medical groups: perfect layout, profit quality mentioned kte-c19: the first car-t, with multiple centres of positive clinical results, is expected to be approved in the first half of 2017. The number of new cases of leukemia in China is estimated at 753 million in 2015, with the number of deaths among them.
3. Publication of the Gland Audit Report, which brings about a synergy of 5.34 million people; 882 million new lymphoma cases and 5.21 million deaths, with poor treatment outcomes, is a serious unmet clinical need, if based on the cost of treatment per 100,000 person per person,
4. A major breakthrough in the internationalization landscape, taking advantage of an excellent market space for the export of agents, RMB 16 billion. Adaptive outreach and joint drug use studies are also under way.
Fight, internationalize, and treat cells in a high-quality way. Give the "buy in" rating.
After the new company was formed, the restar medicine paid $40 million (an embedded antigen receptor that turns to self-contained t-cell target to human cd 19 for treatment of b-cell lynching).
The commercialization of cellular treatment products for baroma and leukaemia in China and subsequent products (i.e., progress in R & D and market conditions for $35 million in milestone payments to kite; the new company will pay all costs to kite (i.e. kite-439 and kite-718) for the follow-up products (i.e., Xu)
Costable and all milestone payments, excluding sales, are estimated at $14 million.kite is the world's leading cell therapy company and has submitted a rolling application for t-cell immunotherapy kte-c19 for new medications that are not suitable for home-based stem cell transplantation/relapsible infestational cell b, non-Hotch.
People with golden lymphoma are expected to be first on the market; follow-up products (i.e. Kit 439 and Kit 718) are still in the pre-clinical research and development phase. Trading is extremely attractive: Amerit acquires core products from Kit in the form of joint ventures.
Domestic interests, on the one hand, can access its advanced R & D technology, and on the other hand, rely on kite, which is high in biocellular products, to ensure a smooth commercialization. According to trade prices, the three products as a whole are estimated to be 700,000 new patients per year for adaptive disorders, all of which are not satisfied.
In Japan, the deal started with $50 million, followed by a milestone in R & D and commercialization that did not exceed $200 million. At the same time, kite has a share in the sale of the product. So the deal is very attractive, both from an absolute and relative point of view.
kte-c19: The first car-t, with multiple clinical positive results, is expected to be approved in the first half of 2017. kte-c19 belongs to the cart, targeted at cd19, obtained fda for b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl), transformation of filtered lymphoma (tfl) and primary lymphoma separatedb
Breakthrough therapy (pmbcl). Ten thousand people; 882 million new lymphoma cases, 521 million deaths, poor treatment outcomes, serious unmet clinical needs, if per capita treatment costs, potential municipalities
▪ Clinical progress: the latest clinical data for the hysteria show that the main clinical endpoints were reached, with the incidence of syntheses and neurotoxicity of the syntheses and neurotoxicity at 18 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, for the clinical ii period.
The full data are expected to be disclosed at an academic conference in the first quarter of 2017.The ongoing and forthcoming clinical trials for kte-c19, in which the Zuma-6 clinical trials will be conducted, are expected to be conducted in the first quarter of 2017.
cd19car, in combination with immuno-test inhibitors, to increase response rates.  Commercial production: kite stores excellent production technicians for ket-c19, of which Timmoore, who was in charge of production, was employed in genetech, with biopharmaceuticals for more than 30 years.
also helps the joint venture to be commercialized in China. Kit-718: tcr for magea3/a6, nsclc, bladder cancer, 17h1 group disease declaration in 2016q4, clinical trials planned to be admitted in the first half of 2017.
Multiple magea3/a6 positive physical tumours, mainly non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), bladder cancer, etc.
An estimated 733.3 million new cases of lung cancer and 61.02 million deaths in China in 2015; 80.5 million cases of bladder cancer and 32.9 million deaths, with Nsclc estimated at 50 per cent, are projected to be kite-439: for hpv-16e7tcr per year
Absorption: For a cancer caused by hpv, e.g., cervical cancer, cervical cancer, expected to be declared in 2018 in fda, due to insufficient data on cervical cancer, the number of new cases in 15 years is estimated to be 9.89, based solely on cervical cancer.
Ten million people, 305,000 deaths, estimated potential market space at the cost of 100,000/person treatments. Joint treatment with immuno-test sites, ongoing clinical trials (nct02858310) Excellent project screening, M & A, integration capacity
By doing so, it shows once again the firm’s deep-seated and powerful projects in the pharmaceutical industry, its ability to screen, M & As and integrate. Through strong endogenous growth, extended M & As integration, the company has developed across the board in areas such as monolithic resistance, medical services, cell therapy, etc.
Teams, too, have demonstrated the excellence of the management team. At the same time, the subsidiary has been active in researching innovative drugs on the basis of the biosimilar, and later immunosuppressants such as pd-1, pd-l1 can be used in combination with cell therapy to improve companies’ competitiveness.
Internationalization, full-scale high-quality layout of cell therapy. “buy-in” rating. Acquisition process risks; industry policy risks; business integration management risks; research and development risks.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.