National East Asia Resembling Medicine (600196.sh) has improved significantly in non-indicators, and internal outreach strategies have been effective
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Business as a whole shows a gradual increase in the share of recurrent profits and in the share of high Māori medicines in recurrent profits
2. " The establishment of a joint venture with handskite into cellular therapy, resulting in an increase of 16.27 per cent in operating income from the same calibre as in 2015; and the manufacture of medicines and research and development operations "
Establishment of a joint venture with intuitive, with deep binding - 1,640 million yuan, an increase of 32.50 per cent over 2015.
The sale of antimalarial and anti-tuberculosis products such as heart products and artemisinin ammonium has continued to grow at a faster rate, new.
There has been a rapid increase in the sale of non-couples in the treatment of metabolic systems.
After the influence of companies such as the new Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital in 2016, operating income was 2,664 million yuan from the same medical instruments and diagnostics operations in 2015, an increase from 2015, Lee Ying Lei
The number of surgeries installed by the Da Vinci Surgery Robots and the replacement of traditional operations has increased rapidly, with medical distribution and retailing: during the reporting period, the Group's national drug control units continued to accelerate industrial integration, expand the pharmaceutical distribution network and maintain a rapid growth in operations.
Business income of 2,583,888 million yuan, net profit of $6,892 million, net profit of $4,647 million, and continued high investment in R & D, leading the harvest period, especially in the area of single resistance. R & D inputs: R & D inputs (including capitalization) totalled R & D of 1,061.2 million yuan in 2016.
Clinical clearances have been issued in China, with 2 products in three stages; 4 small class 1.1 molecules. Innovative medicines have received clinical approval: 173 projects in the development of new medicines, imitations, bio-like drugs and vaccines; 6 projects are being declared for clinical trials; and 22 projects are undergoing clinical trials
At the same time, the group has developed an internationalized R & D layout and a stronger R & D capability, with the impact of the scale of medical services created in Shanghai, Chongqing, San Francisco, Taiwan, United States of America.
(a) Strategic layout of health service operations in developed coastal cities, with a combination of high-end medical care, second- and third-line municipal specializations and general hospitals, building regional health centres and large health industry chains, seeking to speed up the Internet in collaboration with local large State-owned enterprises, public hospitals and university hospitals
(b) To achieve a profit of $149 million for the segment, an increase of 96.06 per cent over 2015 and an increase in internal integration and operational efficiency.
(a) Sustained optimization of supply chain management, reduced procurement costs and enhanced operational effectiveness through, inter alia, centralized procurement; establishment of a new regional financial sharing centre to integrate the accounting of relevant regional holding subsidiaries/units, statement preparation, tax administration, financial analysis, internal control construction.
Networking + “development strategy”, leading the way in the pharmaceutical plate to the online SAP system, building an information platform between the medical services section and Headquarters, inter-group resource sharing, sharing information and meeting the need for cross-regionalized control.
(b) The average procurement price of the Group ' s fixed-point items decreased by about 23 per cent in 2016 through centralized procurement, with the highest reduction of 83 per cent in the price of single items
(a) Joint venture with the technology and product owner of Da Vinci Surgery Robotics to win branding and business with InventiveSurgical by taking advantage of its leading position in microsurgery robotics.
(b) Merger and purchase of the leading Indian injection export company, gland, which crosses into the first stage of preparations export and is expected to counter the domestic pharmaceutical business. Joint venture with the international leading cell therapy company Kitepharma to expand cell therapy
The domestic registration and industrialization of therapeutic products has created synergies with the company’s existing monolithic operations.Almalasers further strengthens the development of new products, especially medical treatment devices, with a production of billions of yuan, an increase of 14.19 per cent over 2015; and is actively promoting the development of almalasers operations.
At the same time, in 2016, the Group launched and promoted the listing of the sisram group at the joint site.e) In 2016, the company also completed a round of investment in the Silicon Valley Respiratory Disease Surveillance Company, spirosure, c, to further expand the layout of medical instrumentation products and to open up the field of respiratory testing treatment.
▪ Without taking gland into account, we expect that the net return profits of the company in 17-19 will be analysed for the respective rates of the relevant reports in the market, and then the average calculation will result in the final rating as the average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.