Quantities rise, expanding the land to the new poles of Chinese medicine and consumer goods.
In 2016, the price of herbicides remained at over 30% of domestic sales, and price increases did not affect product sales: the future product will remain.
The net profit from repatriation increased by 50.53% over the same period, mainly because of the over-anticipated growth in the performance of the titanium. The three core competitivenesss of “national top-secret + strong brand + layout of scarce raw materials” built a strong moat.
The company’s powerful brand gives its product a natural advantage: the company has an early layout for its scarce raw material, has two musk farms, Sakakawa, and the company was the first to be allowed to use natural musk.
The company’s core product, which corresponds to more than 60 billion dollars, is growing at an average annual rate of 15% of the domestic hepatitis market, the vast health product market and the overseas market: the Grand Duke.
The Division uses new models of marketing and precision marketing, such as the Experience House, the National Pharmacy vip, and multi-channel outreach on-line. Externally, rising consumption has contributed to a significant increase in demand for high-end health products, with an average annual increase of 38.9 per cent in the number of people with high net potential users generating a rich surge in demand.
In 2017, income and gross profits increased by 21.55% and 55.39%, respectively. The success story of Yunnan's white toothpaste is expected to be replicated.
(600436.sh): A little over-expected, a little over-achieved, a little over-achieved, a little over-the-counter, a little over-the-counter, a little over-the-counter, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over-the-top, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little over, a little, a little over, a little over, a little, a little over, a little, a little, a little over, a little, a little, a little, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit., a., a. for, a., a., a., a., a., a., a., a.
East Hing Securities Insight Report 600436: Quantities up, Land Extension-China Consumables New Polar Point.
Since our coverage in April 1717, we have made recommendations in four areas, namely, product space, core competitiveness, industry performance and valuation: (a) the market for more than 100 billion liver and gall diseases and health care products; and (b) the space available.
We are a major hepatitis country, with 90 million hepatitis B infected and 7.6 million carriers of hepatitis C in China. Between 2013 and 2017, more than 1.2 million people were infected with viral hepatitis each year and 450-750 died of viral hepatitis each year. The market for hepatitis drugs has reached 60 billion yuan, with 15 per cent in 2016 and 2017.
This increase is expected to be worth hundreds of billions of dollars in 2020. The first brand of liver and urchin medicine has an absolute advantage in this area, with a 17-year series of titanium with revenues of about $1.328 billion and a vast future of growth.
Good treatment, with a place in the 200 billion health-care market. 2) The three core competitivenesss of the “State's top secret plus strong brands plus the layout of scarce raw materials” build a strong moat, the recipe for which is one of the only two top-secret country-level recipes, with a special status and permanent confidentiality.
It is also the country’s only formula “double-secret” variety, and it is clear that it has a strong branding value in the pharmaceutical industry and the domestic market as a whole, which gives companies such products as pharmaceuticals, health care, and solar products a natural advantage in marketing. One of the core formulations is a musk.
In Sichuan and Shaanxi, subsidiaries were set up each year to build their own musk base, providing natural musk raw materials for the company's series of products: the three core competitivenesss of Sichuan will guarantee their advantages in the pharmaceutical industry in the long term. 3) Internal outreach and performance are visible.
The company's business performance, which benefited from proactive marketing reforms within the company, product price increases and the upgrading of external consumption, was impressive; overall business income grew by 60.85 per cent in 2017, and net profit returns increased by 50.53 per cent in the same year; and industry excellence, such as company pharmaceuticals, has led to rapid and sustained growth in the company's performance over the next three years.
In the meantime, the company has strengthened its marketing model in all its aspects, with a modest increase in the price of the titanium;
In addition, during the last seven years, the price of natural musk, the main raw material, has increased nearly threefold, and the price of natural yellow has increased substantially, while the price of small products has increased minimally, and companies have been marketable.
In the best interests of the world, price increases of 8.7% and 6% for Xanax in 2016 and 2017, respectively, are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
At the time of the gift, more than 90% of the people of high net value choose healthy products (72% choose traditional supplements or Chinese ingredients).
Long, diverse, therapeuticly effective, no match for liver and urchin disease, and with a certain gift and investment profile, changes in the external environment will benefit them in the long term. (4) In static terms, the valuation is reasonable, but there is still room for improvement; dynamically, high-performance growth is certain and available
As the only Chinese pharmaceutical company with a “double” variety of formulas and process countries, brand power and product power are rarely matched by the entire industry, and the first brand of liver and gall medicine is even more well named: the company’s control over natural musk, a scarce raw material, further strengthens the company’s core competitiveness.
(a) A reasonable premium for the company; in addition, the current Chairman of the company, Liu Jianhsung, after taking office, has inspired bold innovation;
The company’s pioneering vision, clear thinking and strong leadership of the company’s champions have enabled the company to move quickly on the fast track of development, taking into account the company’s high-level considerations in valuations to properly value the premium.
More rationally, there is still room for improvement when the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is driven by factors such as good, accelerated corporate growth, and rising external consumption. Dynamicly, the company’s performance over the next three years is more certain, and buys in a reasonably valued state.
A hundred-year-old shop with a 100-year-old brand name.
The company is a company whose core business is the production and sale of brand-made medicines. The company has a long history, and has been known for 34 years (1555 A.D.) as a monk by a royal doctor and has brought the court secret medicine here, using high-quality medicine such as musk, natural cow yellow, rice 7 and snake chords.
Pain, trauma, injury, treatment, oral treatment, no side effects, injury to the population in the vicinity, treatment of the temples, treatment of the disease, treatment of the disease, social reputation.
Welcome. Over the past century, several changes have been made to the market in 2003, making it a rare national drug in the capital market and a rare drug in the brand of 100 years. 1.2 State-owned enterprises with relatively concentrated shares, management is expected to take off again.
The company is a State-owned enterprise with a relatively concentrated shareholding. The company is a State-owned enterprise, with a centralized public stockholding of 57.92% of the shares of Xijiang Group Ltd. in the city of Xijiang; the actual controller is the State Finance Committee of Xijiang Group in the city of Xiangzhou, which is its wholly-owned enterprise.
The company has more than 30 subsidiaries and diversified its operations, covering areas such as mussel farming, pharmaceutical production, pharmaceutical commerce, solar chemicals, cosmetics production, health-care food production, investment, etc.
Figure 1: The structure of the stockholding and the main controlling companies The source of financial prosperity in the East
The current chairman of the board is Mr. Liu Jiansong, who took office in March 2014. Liu was born in 1963 and has served as a member of the organizational section of the Organizational Department of the Cantonal Council, Deputy Chief of the Party Group, Senior Manager of the Organizational Department, Executive Director of the Organizational Department, Executive Director of the Municipal Council, and member of the Executive Committee.
Chief of the Department of Public Administration and Deputy Director of the Beijing Office of the Cantonal Municipality: Since taking office, President Liu Jianxiao has inspired the company, bringing new weather to the company: (1) define a two-pronged development strategy; (2) change marketing strategy; make a major contribution to the construction of the Chinese Academy; and develop membership in the National Pharmacy. (3) strengthen strategic external cooperation with Shanghai family members.
A joint venture has been established to open the toothpaste market; a joint venture has been set up to expand the electricity channel by setting up a branch of silver and silver. (4) The company has been set up to work with capital markets to expand its outreach. After several years of sedimentation, the company has set out to fly again.
1.3 The “one wing” opens up the future, and the “one wing” of the nation's treasure industry opens the way to the future of branded drug consumption.
The company’s new strategy of “one nuclear two-wing” is centred on traditional Chinese medicine production, with health-care drugs, health-care foods, functional beverages and feature cosmetics, and solar products complemented by drug flows. The company will build on the 100-year-old brand and open the way to future growth of branded pharmaceutical consumer goods.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the depth of the Eung Xing bond report, the depth of the Xi Xi Xi (600436) report: the volume price rises, the spread of the earth - the new arc of Chinese medicine and consumer goods.
Supplies, cosmetics, as one of the two wings, collects around 10%, which is a potential growth point for future corporate performance. The company’s pharmaceutical business accounts for 51%, but because of the pharmaceutical business, the East’s wealth is booming.
1.3.2 The core product, the “National Drug Treasure” and the “National Drug Protection” varieties, produced exclusively for the company, have a history of nearly 500 years and are known as the “National Drug Treasure” and traditional production techniques are included in the national non-repository list.
In addition to the prophylactic, sterilizing, swollen pain control functions, special effects such as liver protection, drunkenness, fire protection, and beauty culture can be achieved. Modern people live in rhythms, jobs, high levels of stress, business people's pay, liver and urchin problems are common, and the hysteria function of the hysteria meets these needs.
The development and standardization of the film is supported by a national priority.
1.4 The performance of the parent company has continued to grow rapidly over the past five years, with income and net profits increasing at an average annual rate of more than 24 per cent and net profits rising at a level 3 jump, with growth of 11.66 per cent, 19.58 per cent and 44.40 per cent in the last three years.
The growth of the company’s Māori rate is largely consistent with the growth of its income. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the parent company’s three major cost rates, have declined steadily.
2. “National top-secret + strong brand + scarcity of raw materials” is based on a strong core of competitiveness.
2.1 One of the core competitive features of the Sanctuary River: the prescription process is double-secret, and the formula is one of the only two national-level top-secret formulations in the country, with a special status and permanent confidentiality.
This policy of confidentiality not only guarantees the status of the monolithic species, creating a monopoly, but also gives the pharmaceutical industry a preponderant place in important areas. The production of the titanium is also a top secret of the state, and it is the only formulation of the country's “double secret” variety.
2.2 Core Competitiveness II: Strong brand value The film has a strong brand value in the pharmaceutical industry and in the domestic market as a whole. For the third consecutive year, 2015-2017, the first brand of liver and urchin medicine: the third most competitive brand in the pharmaceutical industry, brand value, won in 2017.
29,819 million yuan; in 2017, the world brand of innovation was better than 500; in 2016, it was ranked third in the "old Chinese" brand, with a value of 24,823 million yuan. Strong brand values give products such as pharmaceuticals, health products, and solar products that use the brand of the "chimpan" a natural advantage in marketing.
Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom: 2.3 Core competitiveness ter: Raw materials are scarce - natural mussels are the most productive, with 30 g of musk usually produced in each of them. Musk is traditional and expensive medicine and spices.
High, compared to gold, in the 20th century, mass killing reduced wild mussels by more than 95%, and musk prices surged all the way. To protect wild mussels, in 2003, the state positioned mussels to protect animals at the level of protection, natural musk harvesting, rationing, uniform approval by the state, and allocation.
In recent years, although other firms have been eligible for natural musk use, the quota is limited and cannot be compared to the natural musk; in addition, the monolithic variety of the prescription process makes the raw material of the natural musk even more powerful.
In recent years, with the contraction of natural musk resources and the increase in demand, artificial musk breeding has gradually developed, increasing the number of musk farming nationwide from 9,000 in 2013 to 21,400 in 2017, a 2.3-fold increase. Natural musk production is about 257 kg per year. However, the demand for musk in the country is more than 1,000 kg and continues to increase.
In the short term, natural musk remains scarce and undersupplied in the last five years.
Hepatic and chord diseases are common and chronic diseases, including viral hepatitis, fat liver, cyborgitis, and cyborgism. We are a major hepatic disease country, and according to statistics from China’s Center for Disease Prevention and Control, there are currently 90 million hepatitis B virus infections in China and 7.6 million hepatitis C virus carriers.
Between 2013 and 2017, more than 1.2 million people were infected with viral hepatitis each year, 450-750 people died each year, and the market for hepatitis drugs in our country was 60 billion yuan, with an increase of more than 15 per cent in 2016 and 2017, with a projected 100 billion in 2020.
In-depth report on the development of the Chinese virus, published by 11 departments, including the National Board of Health and Planning, the National Commission for Development and Reform, and the National Board of Chinese Medicine and Medicine.
Hepatitis Control Programme (2017-2020), which explicitly proposes to strengthen Chinese medicine to combat viral hepatitis. The Chinese medicine will play a more important role in hepatic and gall disease, such as viral hepatitis.
The future of the market is boundless.
4.1 The price of Xanax has increased again, and the price of the Xanax has increased slightly since the beginning of the new price increase cycle. The price of the Xanax has increased slightly and has remained stable. From 2010 to 2017, it rose 2.34 times and the price of internal sales has increased 1.85 times. Since 2010, the price of Xanax has increased eight times.
The price of natural musk and natural yolk has risen significantly to boost the price of the product: the main components of the titanium are natural bovine chords, natural musk chords and Tian, with higher costs of natural musk and natural yolk, which together account for about 85 per cent of the cost of the material; the cost of natural musk and natural yolk basically determines the cost of raw materials.
The market price of raw materials is calculated at a cost of approximately $85 per piece of raw materials, and the cost of raw materials is about $85 per piece of raw materials, compared to the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom. The price of natural musk rose from $150 to a maximum of $450 per gram, a three-fold increase from 2014 to 2014.
In 2016, the price of natural musk remained at a high of $400 per gram; the company’s intra-polycerine sales increased slightly between November 2012 and June 2016, while the cost of musk raw materials increased by $21.6 per gram during the same period. The large increase in the cost of natural musk from raw materials provides sufficient justification for the price increase.
Natural cow yolk prices have risen steadily, further increasing the cost of raw materials. Cow yolk is a widely used variety in Chinese medicine. While artificial yolk is available in the market, natural yolk has an absolute advantage in clinical effects that makes high-end mesh better than natural products, and the demand for natural yolk is 5,000 kg per year. However, the supply of natural yolk markets is limited.
The country’s natural yellow production is between 400 and 700 kg per year, and the supply of natural york and york has contributed to a steady rise in prices. Between 2016 and 2017, the prices of natural yolk fluctuated between $110 and $260 per gram and remained stable at $200 per gram, rising to 310 per gram in January 2018.
The cost pressure on the platinum further laid the basis for the price increase.
After 16, 17 years of two price increases, the prices were synchronized with retail prices, with a certain increase in profit margins. The higher profit margins of the channels helped to stimulate end-of-sales, boost sales, and boost product sales.
4.1.3 Price increases do not affect the long-term growth in sales The number of sales in the Xiahua region has continued to grow somewhat: the volume of sales in overseas markets has been less affected by prices and there has been some volatility in the domestic market, but the overall trend has continued to rise in 2014.
Foreign sales fell sharply. Foreign sales fell by almost 30% in 2014 and then stabilized. Starting in 2015, sales rose steadily, mainly in domestic markets, which have become a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The main market in the series was raised twice in 2016, 2017, but in 2015 and 2017, the domestic volume increased by more than 30 per cent, achieving a full rise in volume prices; for most years, the price increase did not tend to be the same as the increase in sales. The price increase could cause some volatility in sales in the short term.
However, it does not affect its long-term growth trends, and the annual decline in market environmental impacts, the decline in product sales, the compressed cost of sales by companies, led to higher net profit rates, and in 2015, 2016, the booming market, and higher sales inputs by companies, which led to a drop in net profit rates, followed by one.
Annual adjustments, 17 years of return to a trend of price and net profit with growth. In the long run, price increases can facilitate a rise in the net profit ratio of the parent company, and sales costs may have an impact on the net profit increase in the short term, but the marketing costs of the company will be balanced when the product opens the market and will not affect the long-term growth of the net profit margin.
The price increase is still greater than the three-fold increase in the price of raw materials for natural musk. Similar to the price increase, the cumulative price increase for the period 2010-2017 was 567% for East Aquara, which is also a two-dimensional consumer treatment.
The source of financial growth in the East is 4.2 pieces of high-growth sales, which are highly motivated by 4.2.1 domestic market sales and boosted overall sales.
In 2017, the main market for the local market was the source of the financial boom in the East: the rise in consumption!
As the economy continues to grow, the population ' s consumption structure has improved, and the proportion of the population ' s consumption devoted to health has increased. Between 2013 and 2017, spending on health care increased from 6.20% to 6.20%.
8.10%. This corresponds to an increase of nearly 700 billion dollars in expenditure. The main consumer group, the high net group, has grown in size and demand for health products has continued to rise. Between 2006 and 2017, the number of Chinese individuals with investable assets exceeding 10 million deutsche (D) increased from 180,000 to 187.
With the long-term high rate of growth in the high net population, the population is growing rapidly. Households in China’s high net population spend an average of 57,000 yuan per month, while their share of daily spending on health management is 25%, or about 14,000 yuan.
At the time of the gift, more than 90% of the high-value population chooses a health product (72% choose to transmit a supplement or a Chinese drug). When the high-value group chooses to buy a gift for a “parent”, the most common gift is a “transmittal supplement or a Chinese drug”, which represents more than 60% of the total.
The treatment works well. It is fully in line with the demand for health products from high-net populations. It has some gift and investment attributes.
In addition to the traditional channels, which currently provide the largest distribution channel for the product series, which account for about 75 per cent of all sales, the company has been strengthening all aspects of the marketing model reform: first, it has set up the National Pharmacy vip and the Film Poll. On the basis of the development of the traditional channels, the company is operating throughout the country.
Gradually, the vip department of the National Pharmacy Hall and the Pompital Expedition Library were set up for precision marketing to serve high-end customers, whose retail price has reached $530. The main customers are high-end consumers. Precision marketing for such customers helps to increase customer stickyness, foster potential consumer groups, and promote corporate health and solar products to achieve two wings.
The company builds an experiential library in regions with a high flow of business people, such as airports and high railway stations, which achieves a variety of purposes, such as cultural diffusion, branding, product marketing and terminal experience (non-pharmaceutical).
There are 66 study halls, actually over 100, covering the capital cities of the country’s first-line cities, the cities of China, China, South China, and other regions.
Listed companies have also reduced unnecessary excess input.
The company has been active in television media, online media, academic meetings, offline events, etc., and has achieved wide coverage in various channels.
The television media ctv, which has been covered continuously by various sections such as News Associates, Livecasts, National Treasure Archives, Dialogues, Chinese Medicine, etc., has a powerful effect on the concept of the first brand of liver and urchin medicine and its effects on liver and urchin disease. At the same time, the company has begun to search for breakthroughs in online media through three rounds of white beauty.
The festival's activities have continued to increase the visibility of the brand of Xia Chai among young consumers.
At the same time, the company has jointly built a small piece of silver and silver technology.
The company, which operates brand flagship shops on large platforms such as Skycat and Kyundong, expands its sales channels online; its sales teams, which rely on high-quality partnerships, are increasing their marketing capacity. The company has also been supported in marketing costs, and in 2015, 2016, its advertising and promotional costs have increased by more than 85 per cent and by over 50 per cent in 2017; and sales workers have been sold.
Incentives to sell, the company’s annual report shows that in 2016, the company offered $3 million in salesmen’s performance reward, and the cost of salesmen’s salaries increased by 46% in 17 years, greatly stimulating the morale of salesmen.
Natural musk is a national priority, with a national quota of about 500 kg per year and a demand of over 1,000 kg for enterprises, with a growing stock of natural musk.
In order to prevent natural musk shortages and to meet the expansion of production capacity, the company has been actively setting up artificial musk bases. The company has increased its investment in artificial mussels, and in Sichuan and Shaanxi in 2007 and 2009, respectively, to build musk medicine bases.
The company’s musk base has also led to the development of the local musk industry, and in recent years local governments, such as Shaanxi, have promoted musk farming to lift farmers out of poverty and make them rich. The number of musk farming has increased rapidly throughout the country, from 9,000 in 2013 to 21,400 in 2017, a 2.3-fold increase.
The rapid increase in the number of herbs has certainly eased the pressure on the price of natural musk. In addition, the company has actively sought support from the National Forestry Service to obtain an increase in the annual use quota of natural musk, which has ensured the growth of natural musk.
The development of solar and cosmetic services is accelerating, with the prospect of a future of 5.1 days of cosmetics, a new stage of growth in cosmetics, the growth of special cosmetics as a wing of the company's “one nuclear wing” in 2017.
Gross profits for the year as a whole, amounting to $318 million, representing an increase of 21.55 per cent, or 8.59 per cent of the company ' s total revenues; between 2008 and 2016, the growth of the company ' s dailyization, cosmetic plate collection and gross profits was evident.