On October 26, 2021, the company published its 3rd quarterly report, which was collected in the first three quarters of the year.
The growth of new pharmaceutical varieties has been robust, with a 20 per cent increase in the first three quarters, as a result of a combination of harvests. (1) The pharmaceutical plate structure has continued to be optimized, with a 20 per cent increase in both collection and net profit when stocks such as eugenic (non-buzzo) and state (pittin calcium) varieties have been added to the collection and sales prices have been pressured.
Quick; mainly due to the contribution of new varieties such as Han Kuo (injection of curly beads) and Su Ko-Shin (injection of avocado aphrodisiac paps). (2) The first three seasons of the company, 1.
The Māori rate was 50.53 per cent and the cost of sales was 25.19 per cent, a decrease of 5.3 percentage points in the same year, and 2. " Signing a sales agreement with Taiwan, mrna vaccine is about 3.2 percentage points.
The innovation continues: research and development remains high, and China’s first cytotherapy drug, Qaeda, is well advanced.
The company invested 3,151 million yuan in research and development in the last three quarters, an increase of 15.46% over the same period. The joint venture has increased the availability of the product by actively exploring innovative payment modalities after Kate's arrival on the market, and has been included in the “Hongsa” payments in several cities, including Suzhou; at the same time, the joint venture has increased the availability of the product.
4. The second adaptive condition (relapsive or difficult for treatment of second-line or more-repeated inert non-Hoochkin lymphoma (r/rinhl)) of the restardly medicine mrna vaccine was incorporated into the National Drug Control Service in August 2021.
(Astronomic Medicines Quarterly 2021 - Innovative Medicines for Sexual Treatment Programs. Molecular R & D and commercialization are advancing steadily, and the international leading Mrna technology platform is yet to land.
Sruli's anti-Swig base line is checked through gmp. According to the company's announcement of 9 May 2021, its joint venture with Biontech plans to obtain international lead Mrna vaccine production technology and patent licences once it lands.
Zhao Haichun, the risk of new drug development and the marketing of new products has fallen short of expectations. The impact of policies such as national collections poses a risk that the overall profitability of medicines will be reduced.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment