Power! New growth in marine nuclear power, China's annual report, 600482. The only naval power platform, backed by a consortium of scientific institutes, has grown in power.
The company’s high-quality power assets were injected into the company’s high-quality power assets and became a fully powered operational platform under the umbrella of the China-China Heavy Industry Group, covering seven main sectors, including gas, steam, diesel, chemical, thermal, full-power, marine nuclear, etc.
Power growth is close to 80%. Although the ship-backed market is still depressed, the company is currently the only power integration platform for heavy-duty workers in China, and the source of financial intelligence in the East has a strong technology research and development capability and is the only ship-powering platform. We look forward to continued growth in the company’s power operations in the future ship industry.
The company’s full-power operation is expected to grow significantly, will become an important engine for the future, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Technology has yet to be applied on a large scale on ships, with only a few ships and some civilian ships abroad using full electric propulsion, while full electric power is expected to become a completely new powered propulsion system in the future because of the low noise, green and green environment, and in line with ship intelligence and the trend of ship gasification. The company’s full power technology is at the forefront of the industry, and the plate’s operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2017.
The profits from marine nuclear power operations are gradually released or become another point of view for the company. Ocean nuclear power platforms meet the construction needs of the South China Sea and island development, \triangleright will address the power supply of the island, and the China-China Heavy Industry Group is expected to build 20 units in bulk in the future as a power source for the offshore nuclear power platform.
The main production and development unit of the system, in close collaboration with 719 China Nuclear Group, is expected to generate profits from the company's marine nuclear power operations during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan The current North-South merger is expected to increase and may continue to absorb the combined high-quality power assets in the future.
In addition, in January 2017, the company adopted a draft equity incentive and introduced the first equity incentive in the North-South Shipping Group ' s listed company platform. As a pioneer in the operations of the capital of the China-China Heavy Industry Group, the company will use the asset market to leverage its core strengths or will further absorb high-quality assets to enhance its performance.
The company has a lot to look at in the future, and we expect full power and marine nuclear power operations to be its main growth points. At the same time, the China-China heavy industry company has some of its power assets that have not yet been injected, and the group company is committed to addressing competition among its counterparts, focusing on the company’s future capital.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
In 2012, the Chinese Stock Exchange Award was awarded the top ten prizes (seventh place). In 2012, the Chinese Stock Exchanges Award was awarded the third place in the real estate sector by a seller's agency.
Doctor of Science, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, Master ' s degree in financial management, Central University of Finance and Economics, four years of experience in the validation and management of projects in the electronic field of defence, 2016
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.