Continuous improvement in profitability and effective growth of investment returns 22 October 2018 3rd Quarterly Report of 2018: Business income realized by the company January-September 2018
33.780 billion yuan, an increase of 25.76 per cent in the same year; 8.275 billion yuan in the net return on the mother, an increase in the profitability of the same year, and higher levels of corporate performance in terms of returns on investment. 33.778 billion yuan in January-September 2018, an increase of 25.76 per cent in the same year, and $8.275 billion in the net profit on the mother, an increase in the same year.
In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved 12,792 million yuan in operating income, which was higher than the growth in operating income, mainly due to the continuous improvement in corporate profitability and the January-September Māori rate. By the end of September, the company had received 84,274 million yuan in advance, an increase of 52.85 per cent.
The construction area of the new project in January-September (full calibre) increased by 10.36 million square metres, or 96 per cent, compared with the previous period; the cumulative amount of land taken was $81.4 billion, or 29 per cent, compared with the previous period; the company controlled the cost of land and the average cost of land was only at the required pace and effectively controlled the cost of land taken in August-September.
1. Merchant Snakes (001979): Sales can be diversified and leveraged at a manageable level. The company has made full use of its advantages and actively explored innovative financing instruments to build diversified financing channels.
Merchant Snakes (001979): Investment bonds: two issues of super-short-term finance vouchers issued by the company at the end of July for a total of $4 billion, flat interest rates, steady growth in sales in August
Fund partners, industrial investment funds, innovative exploration of “landowners + shareholders” production, high growth, diversified models of resource reserves, combined models, and rich financing channels have been effective in reducing corporate financing costs.
The asset-liability rate after the elimination of pre-collected accounts is 57% and the leverage level is manageable.  Investment proposal: Merchant Snakes as the flagship of the real estate block under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce Group, positioning: The lead city and park integrated development and operation service provider is the group’s key core asset set-up
The company has sufficient reserves of resources and will be fully subject to policies in the future in the Great Bay region of Hong Kong; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); exchange rate fluctuations risks; and monetization of sheds is not as expected.
The level of profitability has continued to improve, with higher levels of performance in terms of returns on investment: 33.78 billion yuan in January-September 2018, representing an increase of 25.76 per cent in the same year and 8,275 million yuan in the mother ' s net profit, representing an increase of 114.42 per cent in the same year; of these, 12,792 million yuan in the third quarter of the year, representing an increase of 78.34 per cent in the same year;
The net return to the mother was $1,158 million, an increase of 351.49 per cent in the same year. The company’s performance was much faster than the growth in operating income, mainly due to a continuous improvement in corporate profitability, with a 41 per cent increase in the Māori rate in January-September, an increase of 3.5 percentage points from the end of 2017; an increase of 8.3 percentage points at the end of the year. By the end of September, the company had received a prepayment of $84,274 million, an increase of 52.85 per cent.
Sales continued to increase and investments were relatively robust. 10.36 million square metres of building space (full calibre) were added to the project, representing an increase of 96 per cent over the year; cumulative land grabs amounted to $81.4 billion. Companies took the initiative to slow down the pace of investment in a context of higher land prices, effectively controlling land acquisition costs, August and September.
Companies take full advantage, explore innovative financing instruments, and build diversified financing channels. During the first half of the year, companies successfully issued $7 billion in corporate bonds; and at the end of July, companies issued two issues of super-short-term finance vouchers totalling $4 billion.
Industrial investment funds, innovative exploration of “landowners + shareholders” production mix models, and rich financing channels have been effective in reducing the cost of public sector financing. By the end of September, the asset liability of companies after pre-receipt payments was 57% and the leverage level was manageable.
Integrated development and operation service providers are important core asset consolidation and business synergy platforms for the group. Companies have sufficient reserves in the Australasia Bay region in Port-au-Prince and will benefit fully from the Gulf Development dividend in the future.
2) Business risk as a result of policy adjustments: mortgage lending rates have increased significantly and home-buyer mortgage repayments will increase significantly; tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, resulting in a decline in the scale of sales. 3) The financing environment is generally tightened: bank lending is tight, bond issue rates are high, increasing business mobility is exacerbated
(4) Business operations risk: changes in the cadre of enterprise executives and core business personnel, slow pace of construction, over-radical exposure to funding shortfalls. 5) Exchange rate fluctuations risk: exchange rate fluctuations are over-anticipated and the enterprise is exposed to increasing exchange rate risk.
6) Mocking of sheds is not as good as expected: the rate of monetization of sheds has declined significantly, the stock market in the three or four-line cities has been fully insured.