The company issued a tri-quarter report in 2018, in which it achieved business income of $33.78 billion, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year; a net return of $8.28 billion, an increase of 114.4 per cent over the same period in the previous year; a gain of $1.02 per share, an increase of 108.2 per cent over the same period; and a sales value of $116,256 million.
At the beginning of the year and the end of the reporting period, the company contracted to sell 5,564.2 million square metres, an increase of 35.71 per cent over the same period, and to sell $16,256 billion, an increase of 99.04 per cent over the previous quarter. The profitability index continued to grow, for two reasons: the carry-over of real estate sales: the company.
The growth in the size of the company resulted in an increase in management costs of 27 per cent over the year, while the ratio of management costs to operating income remained unchanged at 9.52 per cent over the period, an increase of 2.55 percentage points over the same period, mainly owing to an increase in financial costs of debt financing of 259.3 per cent over the same period.
The company operated at a good pace, with sales and carry-overs generally showing an upward trend and a steady increase in profitability. The trend towards prudent project expansion stabilized. 16 new projects were added during the reporting period, and the cumulative number of new projects from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period was 56.
This is $185,93.7 per square metre, with an average floor cost of $8,326 per square metre. Of this, the average land acquisition cost is $21,875.5 per square metre in three quarters and the average floor cost is $975.4 per square metre in the third quarter. The cost of land acquisition and the cost of flooring are both higher than the current annual average. We believe that the upward pressure on land costs has slowed down the pace of land acquisition and project expansion, with additional land and additional housing space in the third quarter.
In the first three quarters, the ratio was only 22 per cent, which allowed companies to maintain high profitability and effectively ease the pressure on cash flows.
With regard to monetary funds, at the end of the reporting period, companies held monetary funds of 51.11 billion yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 58.3 billion yuan, an increase of 62.7 per cent over the same period. Net cash flows from investing activities amounted to -60.9 billion, a decrease of 135.96 per cent over the same period.
The increase in the annual number of projects has resulted in increased demand for funds, but there are still short-term pressures on corporate cash flows, mainly through debt financing, resulting in lower financing costs resulting from the advantage of financial fees (4.87 per cent as of the end of June, aaa main credit rating bond credit ratings) to ease financial pressures, including through the future entry into sales of new outreach projects and the release of carry-over project profits.
Business cash flow continues to be strained, and construction starts and is not completed as expected.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting and Precision is the third largest in the Real Estate Industry." Today, 2016, the Research Assistant in the Investment of Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry gave an overview of civil engineering at the University of Qinghua, a double law bachelor's degree, three years of work experience in the Real Estate Industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.