Breaking down peer competition and achieving a win-win, concluding an evaluation of the revised and re-listed non-competitive deed with a company-owned subsidiary.
In the case of competition between firms (0978.hk), the company and the recruiting agency concluded a revised and re-listed non-competitive deed, replacing the existing Non-Competition Agreement and the Revised and Replacement Agreement.
On December 17, the Commercial Snakes and Company Holdings signed a revised and renewed non-competitive deed to replace the current Non-Competition Agreement and the Revised and Replacement Agreement to address the challenges of competition among their counterparts.
Sexual real estate business, withdrawal from Chongqing and Xian's real estate business, and waiver of the priority option of not entering the city; in addition, the hiring agency will move away from territorial restrictions and invest in small shares throughout the country.
Participation in project investments. As a result, the two companies will effectively address the issue of peer competition, optimize regional resource allocation, improve overall operational efficiency, and achieve win-win outcomes.
With the revision of the Non-Competition Agreement, the company’s listing platform for a and port shares has developed clearly, and the future public division will take full advantage of both internal and external platforms and work together to win.
Business development at the commercial level will be transformed into a top-heavy model, focusing on real estate with a gradual increase in the investment and operation of small assets, which will be more flexible in business operations. Business acquisition has grown rapidly, the quality of profitability has improved significantly, the pace of control is good, and the cost of financing is guaranteed.
Increased real estate regulation policy, sales data less than expected Research Assistant:
2. Merchant Snakes (001979.sz) annual evaluation: 2018 is expected to rise further when the value is paid
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized by Zipu, who worked with the University of Northwestern, United States, to develop a PhD in civil engineering, who was employed in the Chinese securities and joined the civil securities in 2017, Hoxid, Master of Professional Accounting, University of Sydney, Australia, and joined the civil securities in 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.