On October 30th, 2018, Ho Min-mi,
Overall view: By the end of 15th year, the company took the merger to market the market, bringing together the unique advantages of the original commercial estates and the snakes, the industrial zones, which formed a coherent development pattern between the three business plates. At the same time, the competitive advantage in terms of access to resources and the cost of financing was highlighted by the high-quality resource endowments of major shareholders.
The rich urban and industrial complexes and the unique development model of the “former port-central zone-back town” are gradually being replicated. The value of land and property in the former sea snake trade zone is high, benefiting from the dividends of the development of the Hong Kong Australasia and the former sea trade zone, and the project's revaluation will boost the company as a whole.
It is expected that the company will continue to grow rapidly through equity incentives, employee ownership, and follow-on investment. The value of the stock is currently discounted, and it is recommended that attention be paid.
While the share of corporate community development and operations in total revenue will continue to be high over the next few years, the proportion of park development and operation and cruise operations will continue to increase significantly, contributing to the company’s performance.
In 17 years, the Board of Directors adopted the Project and Investment Management System, and is now formally implementing projects and investments.
Incentives, companies have developed a comprehensive, stereo-based incentive mechanism that stimulates team dynamism and creativity. The prices of corporate equity incentives are in line with the current stock prices; the costs of employee ownership schemes are higher than the current share prices.
The company continues to grow rapidly, improves its value, and has a sustained upward trend in its stock prices. The comptoir is a flagship company that attracts an integrated urban development business under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, and it is a major player in the country.
The commercial snakes were created in 1979. The Shenzhen snake pocket, built and developed 38 years ago, was the source of China’s reform and opening up, making an important historical contribution to China’s economic development, incubating and nurturing commercial banking, safe insurance, and China’s development.
By the end of 2015, the company brought together the two main platforms of the former commercial estates and snake-port industrial zones. The company focused on park development and operation, community development and operation, and the development of the cruise industry, using the “China’s leading city and park integrated development service provider” as its business vision.
With the operation of three major business units, China is fully involved in the development of urbanization in China, using a unique model of integrated development of “post-towns in the former Hong Kong Region I.” Practical control is exercised by groups of firms that recruit businesses, directly or indirectly, with a firm stake of 71.28%, and the equity structure is stable.
Since it was listed, the business performance of commercial snakes has increased across borders, and major breakthroughs have been made in such major projects as the pre-Henryon Sea Snakes' Trade Zone, Prince's Bay Poster Port, Shenzhen International Fair Centre Phase, and Lake North Spring Industrial Park, as well as in areas such as productive interactions, production networks, etc. Companies have continued to grow faster, creating value for shareholders.
After the company’s integration in the market at the end of 15 years, performance and sales have recorded the desired growth. The company has been growing at a sustained rate for 15-17 years, with excess performance planning at the time of listing, creating value for shareholders.
During the first three quarters of 18 years, companies achieved total operating income of $33.78 billion, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $8.28 billion, a significant increase of 114.4 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which companies accumulated sales of $16.260 billion, an increase of 49.0 per cent over the previous three quarters, with 77.5 per cent of planned sales of $150 billion; and accumulated sales in the previous three quarters.
The sales area of 5.564 million square metres, an increase of 35.7 per cent from the previous year, the best-selling industry, the company completes sales throughout the year, the clearing resources are abundant, and the performance of the company is maintained at a faster rate of growth throughout the year.
Good business performance, which maintains a competitive edge for leading firms and continuously improves sales and performance. Figure 1: Growth in net corporate earnings
In the short term, the development and sale of the community block remains the main source of corporate profits.
New business that requires substantial upfront investment: in the medium term, the effective expansion of parks will provide communities with sufficient and more competitive land reserves, and the accumulation of parks and the improvement of infrastructure will also effectively increase the value of residential products. The Department ' s early deployment of cruise ships will help companies to create distinctive cruise mother ports and enhance access to urban complexes.
In the long run, the collaborative development and cross-practice of the three main sections will create a path of development and competitive advantages that are characteristic of the commercial snakes. The three business segments of the company, as compared to each other, account for the bulk of the company’s revenues in terms of community development and operations.
Not to mention the 88.3 per cent and 91.5 per cent of total revenues; while the share of total revenues in the development and operation of parks in 16 and 17 years continues to be high compared to the share of total revenues in the operation, the share of parks in the development and operation of cruise ships will continue to increase significantly, contributing to corporate performance and helping companies to develop rapidly.
In the last three quarters, the company has accumulated 58 new projects and expanded 10 million square metres of project resources. Overall, the overall supplementary resources have been active, laying the foundation for a sustained and faster growth.
In cities such as Shan, where the Chanjiang project was acquired as a result of the company's Hong Kong City Convergence model, high-quality land resources were supplemented by a full-scale port environment. In addition, the company acquired 80% of the shareholdings and 100% of the shares and related claims in the East Wind Company, a subsidiary of the East Wind Company, and Zhejiang Yu and Real Estate Group Ltd., further upgrading the company's claims.
At the same time, the company has completed the acquisition of shares in the State of Luang, which has increased its wealth of resources in the park.
The Division has strategic synergies in Xiamen and Xiangzhou, where companies can share the advantages of Xiamen and city policy, target future development dividends from the seaside plate ahead of time, further enhance the capacity of companies to develop their parks, regional integrated development capabilities, and project future profits are expected.
In the area of park operations, the company uses the snake mouth as a base for the new city, working with local governments to expand the new city project around key areas such as Kyunjin, Pearl Triangle, and Long Triangle. The focus has been on more than 10 new city projects since this year.
The multi-level cooperation agreement facilitated the project ' s landing; the Zhangjiang Smart City project completed its pre-research work and the joint working group ' s work proceeded well. In addition, the company, by exercising its professional expertise in industrial parks, developed a number of industries represented by the Beijing Great Heungyang Village, the Chengzhou Luxembourg Project, and the Taiwon Small Shop Project.
In addition, commercial snakes, as the largest business owners in the development of the former sea snake vents, will enjoy the policy and strategic advantages unique to the former sea snakes. The continued rapid development of the free trade zones is expected to be strong, and the concerted development of cities across the bay is expected to enhance the region’s economic competitiveness, all of which will greatly enhance the value of regional reserve projects.
5. The high cost of financing the high level of financial security is highly advantageous and business growth is associated with the fact that the level of indebtedness remains within the right range.
The company continued to maintain aaa's main credit rating and debt credit ratings and successfully issued 7 billion yuan in corporate bonds; thus, 3.74 per cent and 3.55 per cent of the total; the joint agreement between the joint venture capital and the East Bank of the Bank of Peace to set up a series of investment funds to introduce stable fund partners; and the joint venture to set up a joint venture with a number of companies, such as the joint venture to set up a competition board.
At the end of the reporting period, the amount of the contract was equivalent to RMB 152.9 billion, and the sum of the loans was equivalent to RMB 97.1 billion.
The benefits of the transition are initially evident in the company's positive new configuration, with large apartments, large health, and a number of large-scale innovations. The condos are growing rapidly, with the introduction of professional funds based on “leasing of small assets, restructuring of stock offices, hosting of small share games; and the construction of a full-cycle business model for the fall-back of investment tubes, effective promotion of uniform brands, investment standards, product standards, customer resource management.
R.O.E. is a development strategy, based on the sophisticated Shenzhen market in Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Nanjing, and Nanjing, which together rents 20,000 apartments nationwide on a total management scale of about 900,000 square metres, enabling the full-lineization of the public intelligence platform.
The first phase of an asset-support scheme for long-lease apartments owned by the first single-storage conservator in the country is the product of the long-rented flats and bs: abn 20 billion (first $4 billion) for long-term rentals and innovative solutions to the problem of low, long-term and high-cost apartment financing.
On the other hand, the Guangzhou Hongjing Centre and the Shenzhen Serpent Centre were opened on 2 February and 30 March 2018. On the other hand, a number of exhibitions, branding and educational activities have been launched.
Through the Project and Investment Management System, the Board of Directors of the Corporation has been formally implementing projects and investments for 17 years. By establishing long-term and robust incentive mechanisms, it will enhance the binding and motivational nature of its core workforce and continuously improve the overall efficiency of its development.
In conjunction with the previous employee holding and equity incentive schemes, the company has developed a comprehensive and tectonic incentive mechanism that stimulates team dynamism and creativity. The company completed the registration of the company’s stock options in 16 and 18 years, respectively, with a total of 252 incentives.
The target audience was granted 44076,000 stock options with an equity price of $19.51 per share; a total of 26 incentives were awarded to a total of 1403 persons, with a total share of 2.83 million in the employee holding scheme and a cost of $23.6 per share for the employee holding scheme, with a total value of $668 million for the non-publicly issued stock package.
Prices match current stock prices: employee share planning costs are higher than current stock prices. Overall, through well-developed incentives, tied employee and business interests, shareholders, companies continue to grow rapidly, and value increases are expected.
The company has a rich experience of integrated urban and industrial development operations and a unique model of integrated development of “backtowns of the former port and centre” that is gradually being replicated.
The value of land and property is high, benefiting from the dividends of the development of the Bay of Australasia and the former sea trade zones in Hong Kong, and the project’s revaluation will raise the value of the company as a whole.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.