In comparison, zinc prices fell, costs went up, and costs went up as the main reason for the decline in performance. Prices \triangleright yen/g, 9069 yuan/tonne.
The dollar cost increases as a result of currency depreciation. Cost: Four costs increase by $2.75 billion on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the increase in the financial and administrative costs of Qiuzu, by $1.37.10 billion on a year-on-year basis. Financial costs are mainly related to the size of the financing.
As a result of this increase, the increase in management costs is mainly due to the increase in the number of merged enterprises. q3 profit ring growth, on a quarterly basis, is mainly due to the increase in copper gold sales, zinc unit profits \triangleright
Zhang Qing, the zinc ring ratio + 160 million yuan) 900 million came from other products, including small metals such as processing, cobalt and lithium.
9.9 per cent of the growth in copper gold production was mainly due to the full production of the Bor copper mine, the resumption of the production of dragons and the production of mountain purple gold; price: the price of copper gold was divided. 2023q3, the price of mineral copper/gold/zinc unit increased the cost of zinc per unit, the average cost of zinc increased. 2023q3, the cost of mineral copper/gold/zinc unit sales increased the cost of the ring, respectively.
Development report on the mining of violet gold (601899.sh): Price reduction: 2. Development report on the mining of violet gold (601899.sh): Plateau mine core: three major copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and lithium molybdenum strategic metal plates create new growth curves.
\triangleright Mountain Development matured, coded Tibetan copper resources 2023/08/2 Copper plate, timok+bor, Kamoa, dragons, three world-class copper mining clusters, average 2023-2025
It will continue to contribute to this increase; gold plates, multi-projected convergences, marine gold mines, rosebel, Savayaton, and the semi-annual report 601899.sh, 2023, forecasted the construction of a new growth in gold production and continued to grow. Strategic metal plates, holding high-quality lithium from the "one lake"
A little less than expected, expectations are that copper gold will continue to be released, and that resource advantages will be converted into yield advantages. Meanwhile, the added-value strategic mine, the acquisition of the world’s largest single-storage molybdenum mine, and the significant increase in the amount of molybdenum resources, are expected to become one of the world’s largest producers.
Quarter 2023: q1 performance met expectations and mining giants continued to grow Investment proposals: company copper gold production continued to grow and the lithium molybdenum project built a new growth curve.
\triangleright long 2023/05/04 Comment: "Three Steps" is a successful phase of admission and diversification of the mine
14 x, 13x and 11x, with a “recommended” rating maintained. 1 incident: companies published three-quarters reports in 2023, with a 0.9 per cent reduction in q3 performance over expectations; mother's net profit of $5,863 million, an increase of 45.2 per cent and ring value of 20.6 per cent over the same period; deductions were not returned to the mother
The company extended the duration of the repurchase of shares and moved up to the maximum share purchase price to show the company’s management’s confidence. Performance was dismantled in the third quarter of 22023: the Maori ring ratio increased significantly, but the costs and costs were absorbed into the net profits of the mother.
At the heart of this is an increase of $3.14 billion in fees and taxes. At the same time, there has been a significant increase, with a significant increase in Maori. But the increase of $2.75 billion in fees over the same year is mainly due to an increase of $1.3.7 billion in fiscal and management costs, respectively. The increase in financial costs is mainly due to the increase in the size of financing.
The increase in management costs is mainly due to an increase in the number of merged enterprises, with an increase of $1,826 million, centred on an increase of $2,929 million in the number of Māori, which is largely due to the increase in the volume of sales, such as copper for metal varieties, and the same increase in the profitability of other non-principal businesses, such as smelting.
Mainly fees and taxes (by $153 million), mainly due to the increase in the number of listed businesses, financial costs and management fees, billions of dollars, at the core of which is the increase of $1,696 million in the Maori ring ratio, the increase in Māori growth is mainly due to an increase in the production of major metal varieties and an increase in the profitability of some small metal businesses. Other points of interest include a decrease in the income tax ring.
$320 million, mainly because q2 has a high impact base on tax matters in Pogra. The discount points are mainly fees and taxes (-$37.7 million). The increase in fees and tax ring ratios is mainly due to financial costs/administrate cost ring increases 3 Māori end dismantling: profits from mines are stable, smelting ends + other non-profits 3
At the heart of the increase in gross profits over the previous three quarters of 2023 was the increase in gross profits at the end of smelting and other non-prime products, while the profit at the end of the mine fell slightly over the same period, mainly because of higher costs, which reduced the amount of M$ 3,733 million in mineral products, and because of the fact that there was no increase in gross profits at the end of the smelting and other non-main products.
Energy release, increased sales of gold and copper are evident, with increased sales and prices increasing the value of mineral products by 2,829 million yuan and 761 million yuan. The combined Māori ratio of 2023q1-q3 fell by 0.44 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the general increase in the cost of gold, copper, zinc, silver, iron concentrate and the decline in the Māori rate of minerals due to lower prices of zinc and iron ore.
Mineral gold, mineral copper, and mineral zinc have made a remarkable profit in terms of their detailed sub-products. 2023q3 mineral products and smelting ends have increased Māori rings by $793 million, of which minerals and smelting products have increased by $793 million.
The increase in the end Maori ring ratio is in mineral gold (+218 million yuan), mineral copper (+522 million yuan), smelting copper (+0.08 billion yuan), mineral zinc (162 million yuan), and the reduction in the Maori ring ratio in mineral silver and other non-main products (including trade logistics, smelting of silver, gold products, copper pipes/copper belts).
Trade in precious metals, services, etc., with internal offsets, Māori ring ratio + 903 million dollars, calculated by the difference between total Māori value and the main business product.
The increase in the mineral-only zinc ratio decreased, while the remainder decreased: the mineral-zinc ratio rose from 1.04 per cent to 2.23 per cent, and the ring-to-ring decline in the smelting-end Māori ratio was mainly due to a decline in sales: the sales price of copper q3 increased by more than the cost per unit, but the sales-to-circumstance ratio decreased; the sales price of zinc q3 increased.
The Māori share ratio has been raised by the Māori share ratio, which is below the increase in the cost ring ratio and has decreased significantly in sales. Māori share of zinc at the mine level has risen: Māori share has risen by a small increase in sales at the same time due to a significantly higher price increase than in cost; Māori share of gold, silver, copper, iron ore at the mine level has increased.
Decline: Mine gold, copper sales have increased by less than cost, and the unit profit margin has decreased; Mine silver, subject to price increases, is not sufficient to cover cost increases and sales decline, and the Māori share has fallen; iron ore sales have fallen significantly and prices have fallen, and Māori share has been reduced despite the decline in cost.
At the end of sales: 2023q3, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio +12.46 per cent, at the end of prices: 2023q3, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio + 0.24 per cent, at the end of costs: 2023q3, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio + 4.11 per cent, iron ore ring ratio + 4.11 per cent,
Divisional level: Great dragon copper mines are located in Tibet, with relatively high mining costs in the highlands, and with the continued release of one stage of production, the increase in production ratio of dragons has led to an increase in the company ' s copper cost ring ratio; industry level: the decline in mineral grade, the increase in raw materials and labour costs due to global inflation, the impact of community interference on capacity utilization, and global copper mining
In comparison, 2023q3 minerals and smelting maori increased by $2,405 million, contributing to the main increase in Maori and 524 million for other non-mainline products.
The increase is mainly due to the increase in mineral copper (+1.990 billion), mineral gold (+640 million), copper smelting (+1.69), and the reduction in the amount of tile q3 Māori by $356 million on the same basis. The main increases in Māori are in mineral copper, mineral gold smelting copper sales, sales prices, and costs are on the same scale, but the increase in sales prices is slightly higher than the increase in costs and their unit gains.
Māori increased by +38.24 per cent and +83.30 per cent respectively; while mineral silver sold at a lower and higher cost, it benefited from a larger increase in sales prices and increased Māori at a higher cost; while iron ore sold at a lower price, its sales increased significantly and at lower cost, and Māori at a higher cost; and smelting zinc at a lower cost.
Elimination of the impact of flat price declines; the decrease in mineral zinc Māori on a year-on-year basis, due to the fall in prices, although a small increase in sales, is not sufficient to offset the significant decline in the per unit profit space on a year-on-year basis. The increase in unit prices was greater than the increase in cost, and the per unit Māori ring on a year-on-year basis: the decline in unit prices and the increase in cost resulted in a single
Decline in the same ratio; increase in the unit ring ratio and the same ratio for smelting copper due to higher unit prices than higher costs; increase in the unit ring ratio for smelting zinc; decrease in the unit ring ratio as a result of a smaller increase in the unit price than an increase in cost; decrease in the unit price as a result of a smaller decrease in the cost scale and increase in the unit price; increase in the unit value of mineral gold, copper and silver ring for minerals; increase in the unit price
Less than cost increases, the unit Māori ring ratio has declined, compared to the same year: unit price increases have been greater than cost increases and unit Māori has been higher; iron concentrates have declined as unit prices have dropped more than cost, unit Māori ring ratios have declined, compared to the same year. 4 Cost ends: period cost increases have been higher and asset liability ratios have decreased slightly.
+1.366 billion yuan, +331 million yuan. The increase in sales and management costs is mainly due to an increase in the number of merged enterprises. The increase in financial costs is mainly due to an increase in interest costs due to an increase in the size of financing. The increase in R & D costs is due mainly to an increase in R & D projects. On a quarterly basis, the total cost for the 2023q3 period (including R & D costs) is 3,249 million yuan.
This represents an increase of $245 million in sales costs, management costs, financial costs, R & D costs, respectively, 5q3 ring dimension non-recurring profits, or a decrease in operating performance.
Quarterly recurrent profits are better than the data on net profits attributable to the mother. Detailedly, the increase in the ring ratio of 2023q3 non-recurring gain/loss items is mainly reflected in the following: occupancy fees charged to non-financial enterprises (+24 million), debt restructuring gains/losses (+390,000), which account for current gains/losses (+390,000),
Income tax impact (+147 million yuan), minority shareholder equity impact (after-tax) (+154 million yuan), q3 ring (-$24 million), fair value changes other than effective hedging operations related to the company ' s normal operations, dynamic gains/losses and investment gains (-$362 million), impairments of receivables for individual impairment tests are ready to be reversed (--)
Loss/loss items defined as recurrent gains/losses (-0.02 billion yuan). Figure 20: Increased profits of the Out-of-Standard Division of Companies, resulting in increased gains/losses of minority shareholders.
6 Operating cash flow and ring ratio have risen on average. 2023q3 has achieved net cash inflows into operating activities of 9,695 million yuan, an increase of 52.14 per cent over the same period and 18.26 per cent over the same period.
The reptiles of projects such as bronze and Norton gold fields will lead to a further increase in the company’s copper production, and it is hoped that the company’s operating cash flow will continue to improve. The liquidity situation, we believe, is less under pressure on the company’s financial resources.
Project 7 tracking: copper gold plates continue to grow, lithium molybdenum strategic metals are being built on a new growth curve 7.1 copper plates: three world-class copper minerals can be released continuously, and two major reserve projects are being developed
Copper plates: Three world-class copper mines (Kamoa-Cacura, Timok, dragon copper) were produced in 2021, plans for later expansion are under way, Camoa III mine plus smelters, the application of the timok mine natural fall method, and the dragon copper mine II are expected to contribute in a sustained way.
In the third quarter of 2023, 104,000 tons of copper were produced on record, with a total of 2.2 million tons of ore disposed of, with an average of 5.55 per cent of the selected grade. 301,000 tons of coronal copper are expected to be achieved in 2023 (39-43 million tons) according to the production guidelines for the year 2023.
Copper production can reach 450,000 tons of metal. The mill unit at the three-stage plant has arrived at the site, the plant work has now been completed at 56%, it is planned to go into production in the fourth quarter of 2024, with the third delivery, the total ore at the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine will be dealt with at 14.2 million tonnes/year, and copper production will be upgraded to about 650,000 tonnes/year, which will result in the Kamoa-Cacule.
In addition to the three phases of the project, which are accompanied by pyrotechnic smelters, the Smelters project is now more than 50% complete and will be scheduled and scheduled to come from kakula and iii and subsequent iv from Kamoa.
According to a 10-year agreement with the Luaraba copper smelter, the Kamoa copper industry continues to transport part of the concentrate to the Luaraba copper smelter, which is about 50 km away from the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, near the town of Kolwezi, for replacement.
In addition, smelters will produce 650,000 to 800,000 tons of sulfur acid by-products per year.
Tens of tons of gold and 5,1 and 2.4 tons of gold. timok copper gold mine: production from the upper belt, actively promoting the natural collapse of the lower belt mine. Salvi Yapore, a brackish deposit, the company acquired timok copper in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The upper ore belt and the lower ore belt have 100% interest, the upper ore began work in early 2019, in 2021 tons, an average grade of 3%, gold metal 81 tonnes, an average grade of 1.91 g/t; the lower ore belt has money gram/t. Up ore belts after delivery, the company is actively initiating construction of the ore belts under the timok copper mine.
The mining of copper and gold with low taste, using natural fall techniques, is currently being developed and pre-design is under way, with pre-promotion work and certification being carried out.
1vk mine was replaced with 40,000 tonnes/day in the second quarter of 2022; 2jm mine was converted from filling to crash mining, aiming for completion by the end of 2025. Tons, 3940 tonnes of molybdenum; preparations for the second 200,000 tonnes/day expansion are under way, with 260,000 tonnes of copper produced in the year after completion;
After full completion of the second and third phases, approximately 200 million tons of ores are expected to be picked each year, bringing the annual copper production to 600,000 tons, making it one of the largest copper mines in the world. In 2020, the company acquired 50.1% of the giant dragon copper mine, which was closed in July 2020.
Minerals and polymetals know no copper; combined, at the time of the acquisition, the project had 10.4 million tons of copper metal with an average grade of 0.41 per cent, accompanied by 0.028 per cent of molybdenum with approximately 730,000 tons of molybdenum. The latest copper resource in 2022 was 18.9 million tons, an average grade of 0.33 per cent, silver 13143 tons, an average grade of 2.51 g/ton, molybdenum 1157.1 million tons, and an average grade level.
On 10 March 2023, the company completed its investment in Xanadumines through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Kim Ping Mining. A total of $300 million was spent on 19.42% of the shares of Cing Lei, and 50% of the shares of the metal (i.e., the Hamagote copper mining company) in the market.
In contrast, it has about 45.7% of the interest in the Kamagote copper gold mining project in Mongolia and leads the development and operation of the project 18 months from the date of its pre-research (pfs) delivery or from the date of the transaction (10 March).
2.93 million tons, including approximately 7.8 million ounces of gold (approximately 243 tons). According to the preliminary economic assessment report (pea), completed in June 2022, the project plans to produce copper concentrate using conventional open-air and underground mining and floating processes, with a net present value of the project (npv) of $630 million, a return on investment (irr) of 20 per cent and a recovery period of four years;
The project will be followed up with approximately $17.9 million (optimised by $20 million compared to the original outline study), and it is expected that 18 months will be spent on pre-researching and estimating mineral reserves that meet the jorc criteria.
Many large copper deposits have been discovered near the site of the project. The Hamagote copper gold mining project is located in the brackish copper belt of Nango, Mongolia, approximately 420 km from Ulaanbaatar. Several brackish copper gold deposits have been found in the area, which is 120 km south of the project and is dominated by the Oyutolgoi copper gold mine, with 33.5% interest.
Possessing 10.5 million tons of copper and 140 tons of gold), the project is 170 km east of Chagansubulga (tagaansuvarga) copper molybdenum mine (1.18 million tons of copper from exploration in 1982).
Maroon Mining (49% of companies) is involved in the recapitalization of the business. During this reorganization, the industry will finance a total of RMB 1646 million through the transfer of the business equity and the recapitalization of the central business and the mining industry, which will eventually receive 48.591% of the equity in the middle business after penetrating it.
The company will then hold prospecting rights for the Tibetan copper mine, and the purple gold industry will subsequently dominate the construction and operation of the Juno mine. The stock structure: after the acquisition was completed, the four main shareholders of the company were the Maroon mine (45.9%), the Purple gold business (26.1%), the Tibetan creative investment (18%), and the Tibetan Hizze (10%), in which the gold mine actually holds Juno copper.
In the case of mines, 48.591% of the shares are held by the Tibetan Hizbek, the National Finance Committee of the city of Shikka. Resources: mega-plate deposits, with 2.223 million tons of new copper resources, or 3 per cent of the share of copper in 2022. Development programme: open-air mining. Designed size of 24 million tonnes/year, total open-air mining service of 20 years (excluding base-building period)
2 years) an average of 99,000 tons of copper metal produced in the postnatal year. The amount of violet gold is 481,000 tons, representing 6.7 per cent of the annual production of copper in 2022.
The project was selected at a high altitude of 4,460-5,850 metres, and the conditions of operation were worse. The water sources were abundant, with reliable sources of electricity available in the districts of Laze and Anjin, which were close to the mining area, with Ali and the Tibetan electricity grid.
Figure 30: Pre-acquisition stock structure of the project company Figure 31: Post-acquisition equity structure of the project company
The Tibetan concentration mine opened, the Tibet Autonomous Region invested, Shaw Young-ming.
Lyn Gilfang, Tibetan Innovation Group, The Genesis Mining Group.
Right to prospecting in Tibet ' s Juno copper mine 7.2 gold plates: successive production of old and new projects and continued growth in gold production
Gold plate: In the old mine, the overseas Vuritica gold mine, Orora gold mine, Norton gold field contribution, the Po Gra project is expected to resume production in 2024, and in the country ' s mountain-west and Guizhou purple gold technology has increased contribution; in the new mine, the Rosebel gold mine has increased its contribution in 2023, and the maritime gold mine and the Savayaton gold mine have continued to grow.
Colombia ' s Vuritica gold mine: 7.7 tons of gold in 2022, 18 tons of silver and 8.2 tons of planned gold in 2023. Currently, 4,000 tons of gold per day have been harvested and the extraction technique has been modified, with an annual yield of over 8 tons. Guyana ' s Orora gold mine: 2.7 tons of gold in 2022 and 3.7 tons of planned gold in 2023 are being pushed.
In Australia, the Norton gold fields: 5.5 tons in 2022 and 8 tons in 2023 are planned. The 5 million tons/year low-grade gold mine leaching project was completed in September 2022, bringing the value to about 2.5 tons in the postnatal year.
The hard-to-do metallurgical mining project is almost complete, which will further extend the service of the Paddington plant.The Pazpogra gold mine: the glimmers are back on track, and the Pogla gold mine is expected to resume operations in the first half of 2024. On 13 October 2023, the PNG newspaper, the Government of Papua New Guinea and New Wave, reported that
The parties signed Special Mining Leasing Contract No. 13 (sml13), " Mining Development Co-consolidation " , " Financial Stability Agreement " and " Special Trust Financing Agreement " . This cleared the main legal licensing and clearance barriers for the start-up of the recovery of the Powgra gold mine.
(bristow) indicates that, under the compensation agreement, it is expected that the operation of the mine will be reactivated by the end of the year. Once the compensation agreement is reached, recruitment will be accelerated to facilitate the resumption of the project.
Mountain Smart Selection and Expansion Project 2023q3 was completed, with 3-4 tons of additional mineral gold added annually. Guizhou Purple gold: 2.8 tons in 2022 and 3.3 tons in 2023. Mercury Hole and Sorghum gold mines were expanded to speed up, 1,000 tons/day pressurized preoxidation project planned for 2023, 4,000 tons/day
The mineral extraction project is progressing ahead, with construction planned for 2024. Suriname's Rosebel gold mine: 2023 and schedule, with 6.1 tons planned for 2-December. The Rosebel gold mine is one of the largest open-air gold mines in South America.
Gold mining in the sea: the size of the selection is set at 12,000 tons per day, and the total production of minerals in the post-natal year is about 15-20 tons, with the prospect of upgrading to the country ' s largest gold mine, which is expected to be operational in 2025.
Ton/day, the product is gold-carat, which is about 2.76 tons in the post-natal years. Active construction is under way. Table 11: Profile of Savayaton gold mine, Xinjiang, Xujiang, Strategic Metal Block 7.3: “One Lake One” lithium resource accelerated construction, with a magnified battle.
Lithium plates: in 2023, the target for both lakes was to be completed by the end of the year, and the cloud mother-mine phase II project was actively advanced. The company expects to produce 0.30 tons of lithium carbonate in 2023 and 120,000 tons in 2025.
We expect to produce 3.5/35.50 million tons of lithium polymetal from Salt Lake 3q in Argentina, Missalt Lake Lago in Tibet, and Lunamdu in Hunan Province, respectively. As the current lithium polymetal mine from Lunamdu County is still not certified for mining, we expect the mine to be or to be unable to contribute its full yield in 2024, hence the 2024 lithium forecast at the beginning of the year.
Figure 32: The company is expected to produce 120,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2025, and the company ' s offshore subsidiary, Kim Seok-seok, shares 61 per cent in the Manono Lithium industry and co-owned by the company ' s co-owned company, Société pour le développement du Congo (cominiere)
Thirty-nine per cent of the shares (39 per cent) have been granted authorization by the Ministry of Mines of the Democratic Republic of the Congo for exploration rights in the north-east of the manono lithium mine (No.
The joint-venture agreement agreed that after the project company obtained the pr 15775 right to prospecting, it would be able to rebalance the interests of the company from the complex equity relationship of the manono lithium mine, which had been “reconciliated” by the company’s previous 15% deal.
The sum of US$ million directly offsets the portion of the price to be paid for the 61% interest of the lithium industry in the project. The geological survey, development construction and operation management of the project, led by the lithium industry, and the resolution of all internal and external financing for subsequent projects in which the company is the main entity, are expected to complete the geological survey and development work as soon as possible.
The project was completed within two years of the establishment of the research and financing programme, with the simultaneous construction of the lithium smelting industry park, with products prioritized for downstream enterprises in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on a fair market basis.
According to the official website of the avz, the mo17dd007 drill, which was built back in 2017, was found to be as thick as 251 metres in the maono's belt of the rock.
1.48 per cent for mineralization of the tin grade 913 ppm. Molybdenum plate: a transferable debt is proposed to acquire 84 per cent of the interest in the Angé sandau Trench mine, which the company expects to acquire in 2023, according to the " Sandong Trench Exploration site " , which was filed with the Land Resources Agency of Angé Province in 2013, via the Land Resources Agency of Angé Province.
According to the mass report, the estimated amount of resources for the molybdenum mine in the right of prospecting is 1,630 million tons of ore and 23.37 million tons of molybdenum metal, with an average grade of 0.143 per cent. When the mo boundary is 0.30 per cent, the mollum mine is 165 million tons, the mollum metal is 630,000 tons, with an average grade of 0.38 per cent. China has 65 per cent of the molten resources with a low grade.
With 0.1%, the mine has a strong cost advantage and market competitiveness. With the completion of this deal, the amount of mining rights and interests will increase significantly from 920,000 tons to 2.9 million tons, equivalent to one third of China’s total, and is expected to become one of the world’s largest producers of molybdenum.
During the 4.5-year period of the project, a total investment of $7.2 billion is expected, of which $6.4 billion is invested to complete the construction of 27,200 tons of molybdenum per year after delivery.
The company's copper gold production has continued to grow, the lithium moly project has built a new growth curve, and the price of copper has been scalding, and we keep looking at the company's alpha logic. Given the decline in lithium prices and the higher cost of copper, we have revised it down 1.
The production of the Camoa-Cacura II series, as well as the first phase of the production of dragon copper, the second phase of the Dobble Mountain, the copper mine, the expansion of the mining, and the Boer technology. The construction of these projects will still require considerable human and material resources, which may be affected by sudden events such as the epidemic, which could lead to the project 's lack of progress, which will slow the pace of production release and yield.
2) Prices such as copper have fallen. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for products such as copper, gold, zinc, silver, iron ore have a clear impact on the profitability of companies, which can be significantly affected by a macroeconomic downturn, or by a drop in metal prices as a result of large-scale supply.
Investment projects in companies are distributed in nine countries: Australia, Papua New Guinea, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, Congo, Peru, etc., in 24 provinces (autonomous regions) and Ghana.
Promulgation of laws against mining companies abroad, etc., has the potential to harm the interests of companies, to draw conclusions on the company's profitability, methodology and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.