Biyadi: The new energy engine, the high growth in vehicle operations, the event: Biadi published its annual report for 2016.
The Automotive and Spare Parts Industry Study Group, which has a robust new energy automobile business, is the world's largest contributor of about $57 billion, an increase of 40.23 per cent in the same year, largely benefiting from the rapid growth in the volume of new energy automobile sales.
First of all, there are nearly 86,000 new vehicles sold by car, with an increase of 65.41 per cent, pure electric buses, 1.78 per cent, and suv, which remains the main engine of growth. The steady growth in cellular cellular components and assembly, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations
The increase in market ownership and sales of home-owned branded mobile phones, the continued increase in penetration of metal components and the revenues of company cellular components and assembly operations in 2016 amounted to approximately $39,094 million, an increase of approximately 17.53 per cent, with a strong growth in metal components and an increase of more than 50 per cent in revenues over the same period.
In addition, the company’s second-load battery and photovoltaic operations generated revenues of approximately $7,344 million, an increase of 20.79% over the same period, and its major photovoltaic operations grew faster. In 2016, the company actively opened up international markets, developed a "photo-plus-storage" model, introduced new products in the United States of America for new domestic use and connectivity concepts, and built a new business in South Africa.
The largest indigenous single-body solar power station in the continent (86mw).  product structure continues to improve, cost control capacity is increasing and Māori rates and net interest rates have increased significantly.
In 2016, the Māori rate for the public automobile and related products increased by 4.45 percentage points to 28.24 per cent. The Māori rate for mobile phones and assembly increased by 1.07 percentage points to 9.98 per cent.
In addition, company sales costs, management costs, financial costs increased by 46.32 per cent, 26.36 per cent, and 15.48 per cent respectively. The increase in sales costs was higher than the increase in revenue, mainly due to the cost of after-sale services and advertising.
The public release of $14.5 billion to optimize the capital structure and further develop the new energy vehicle business, totalling approximately $14.473 billion, has effectively reduced the level of corporate indebtedness, resulting in an increase in corporate assets and liabilities. The Iron Lithium ion Batteries Project, the New Energy Motors Research and Development Project, and the company's new energy vehicle business.
During the year, the company signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation in the Development of Lithium Resources in Salt Lake, establishing a joint venture in Qinghai for the development, processing and marketing of lithium resources in Salt Lake and achieving a strategy in the area of core upstream resources for new energy vehicles.
In October 2016, the company took five years to develop a completely new, single-seat, single-track product.
Shenzhen was officially released as China’s first cloud-track line with autonomous intellectual property rights, with a view to the company’s formal entry into the new and emerging industry. The country’s 13th Five-Year Plan specifically refers to the development of orbital transport as a leader in the new energy automobile industry, with companies relying on cars and batteries.
So far, construction has begun. New-energy cars are selling less than expected, traditional cars selling less than expected, mobile phone parts and assembly operations are not working well.
The company’s new energy vehicle sales (in thousands of vehicles) The company’s new energy vehicle revenues (in billions of yuan) Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.