Biadi (002594): New energy operations are growing at a high rate, cloud-track operations are growing steadily and automobile operations are increasing significantly. The company’s main camps include new energy sources and traditional fuel cars, mobile phone parts and assembly operations.
During the reporting period, the company maintained a steady growth in its operations, with revenue from automobile operations amounting to $5.710 billion, or 40.23 per cent, and income from mobile phone parts and assembly operations amounting to $39.09 billion, or more.
The company ' s automobile business contributed significantly to income growth, reaching 55.10 per cent of the total revenue of the group, an increase of 4.29 percentage points in the same year. Ten thousand vehicles, an increase of 69.85 per cent in the same year; out of this, 86,000 new energy vehicles were sold.
One car, 65.41 per cent more than the same year; more than 10,000 electric passenger vehicles sold, 120.68 per cent more than the same year; the company ' s multi-car model in the area of new energy vehicles has long held a leading position in China ' s new energy source vehicle sales, with a clear advantage; and the company market in the area of pure electric passenger vehicles is a part of the company ' s market.
The share price performance (last year) has risen significantly, with sales of pure electric buses above 10 metres in the top of the industry. In 2016, the company ' s revenue from new energy cars reached $34.618 billion, a year-on-year increase.
80.27 per cent, or 33.46 per cent of the group ' s total revenue, has become an important source of revenue for companies, benefiting from product structural optimization and an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio. The Māori rate for companies during the reporting period was 20.36 per cent, an increase of 3.49 percentage points over the same period, with the Māori rate for automobile products.
This is due to a significant increase in the sale of new and more expensive energy buses; an increase of 1.07 percentage points over the same period in the MCP spare parts and assembly operations of companies, mainly as a result of a significant increase in sales of higher mobile phone metal parts; and company time charges during the reporting period.
The increase of 1.12 percentage points is mainly due to higher sales costs due to the cost of company after-sale services and advertising, as well as to higher staff remuneration expenditure, which increases management costs.
It uses light-quantified materials and technologies with small land area, small turn radius, low noise.
The company has entered into preliminary agreements with several cities and cities throughout the country, where the city has entered into construction agreements with the company, the future.
The “crowd-track” product is expected to be a new growth point for the company’s performance. It is certain that the new energy automobile business has a leading edge, and that the future “crowd-track” business has the potential to bring new imaginations.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.