Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of the Chinese-American Cobalt industry reported a six-monthly increase in exports of cobalt products in 2024, and the rise in copper prices contributed to profitability elasticity
On the surface, the volume of cobalt products from 24h1 was about 23,000 tons (including internal supplies), an increase of about 13 per cent over the same period, maintaining industry leadership; copper products: the volume of copper inflated production and sales was a steady boost to income growth, and corporate prices compared with the trend of 300 deep.
• Nickel plate q2 with full subsequent growth: according to homogeneity data, 24h1 nickel at an average current price of 138,000 yuan per ton, compared with 28.7 per cent, but 24q2 nickel at an average current price of 143,000 yuan per ton, with an increase of 7.87 per cent over q1, depending on the overall nickel price
And a gradual rebound in the cost line would lead to an increase in nickel products. Volume: 120,000 tons of nickel metal, wet-metallurgical projects were completed at the end of 24q1, nickel up and down, significant increases in nickel, and 24h1 nickel products were exported about 76,000 tons (including internal self-supply), an increase of more than 40 per cent over the same period, with nickel intermediates.
With a combined volume of about 112,000 tons, this is more than 90% higher than the previous year. The nickel market’s demand dynamic contribution is followed by a rise in space, which is expected to continue to unleash profit potential.
The company has continued to deepen the integration of lithium electric materials, widening market advantages and opening up a new path to performance growth, with a volume of 6.70 million tons (including tri-dollar and tri-O3 including internal self-supply); sodium pre-electric discharges have crossed 100 tons;
The volume of raw materials delivered was 53,000 tonnes (including interest in internal self-supply and equity participation), a slight decline in the same year, but a 20% increase in the q2 ring.
At the end of the resource, at present, there are 120,000 tons of wet smelting projects in China Flying and 60,000 tons in China, 450,000 tons of high-ice nickel projects operating steadily, companies working with freshwater valleys, Pomalaa in Ford automobiles and sorowako wetting projects working with fresh water valleys, and participating in mines such as wkm.
The mountain project further boosts the reserves of nickel resources. The company has taken advantage of upstream advantages to dig deep into downstream production abroad: the 50,000-ton nickel sulphate project in Huafang, Indonesia, is moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the start of the 50,000-dollar-a-year pre-drive project has further enhanced the synergies of the Indonesian nickel industry.
The growth of lithium nickel leads to three quarters of performance, and construction can accelerate the pace of access to markets on other continents: production of a portion of the production line of the T-Turn Top pole project in Korea in cooperation with lig; construction of a 25,000-ton project in Hungary in the first round of positive materials, etc.
Large fluctuations in energy metal prices; large fluctuations in exchange rates; risk of overseas operations; low downstream demand; independent and objective production of the present report using legally compliant information; data and information used in the present report from open market information; I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.