Sinjiyama's testimony, the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) and the nickel-cobalt tin ant.
q2 performance loops increased significantly, and nickel exports increased significantly: on 20 August, the Chinese Friends Cobalt industry published its semi-annual report for 2024, and the company achieved business income of $30.5 billion in 2024, i.e. 9.9 per cent, and a net return of $1.67 billion, i.e. 19.9 per cent;
\triangleright billion yuan, with a large ring ratio + 119.8 per cent, benefited from the progressive realization of upstream nickel resource projects and the recovery of prices $3.29 billion, or 13.8 per cent, of nickel intermediates; and $2.22 billion, or 2.02 billion, of cobalt products.
RMB, +150.4% of the year; $3.32 billion of the year 33.4% of the year ' s revenue for the triad driver; significant increase in the volume of nickel shipments and significant increase in the profitability of the company ' s q2.
US$/tonne, company q2 Māori rate of 21.0%, ring ratio +8.9 ptt. Energy distribution is well under way, with Indonesia flying 120,000 tons of nickel metal humid smelting project almost reaching production by the end of the quarter, China moving about 60,000 tons of nickel metal humid smelting project exceeding production and scm slurry pipeline all-rounding, further reducing mhps.
Cost of production: 45,000 tons of nickel in high-ice nickel in Huaco: 67,000 tons of nickel in China, or about 11 per cent of pre-sulphate shipments, of which 100 tons of sodium pre-electric drive out, 80 million yuan in net profit in China, and 0.120,000 yuan in single ton worth of pre-sulphate in China, China, China, China, New Energy, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
/tonne; positive material shipments of 53,000 tons, a slight decline in comparison with the previous year, with q2 rings growing by 20 per cent, h1 per cent Du Quantities Dubomo net profit of about 100 million yuan, corresponding to positive material per ton net gain of 0.19 million yuan per ton; and cobalt products.
Twenty thousand tons, about +13%; we expect H1 copper products to arrive at about 40,000 tons, and lithium carbonate to reach about 15,000 tons. The production pattern went well, with China producing 50,000 tons per year of pre-drives project starting construction; Hungary started construction of a 25,000 tons project for a first round of positive materials.
\triangleright, taking into account the decline in the profitability of the triad drive and the positive materials, revised our performance projections downwards, with the result that the Chinese government is now in the process of producing 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt per year.
But companies have the advantage of a global integrated layout, and the ability of nickel production to release profitability increases, and we maintain a “buy-in-a” rating. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, capacity is not released as expected, and projects are not as fast as expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.