Researchchand developmentcenter alpha-beta resonance from growth to excellence
A deep report from Eastern Wealth (300059), alpha and beta resonance, moving from growth to excellence, 20-05-2021.
Eastern wealth (300059) is the point of acceleration. We think its two core operations (brokering and fund sales) are relatively high.
Growth and long-term Alpha. 1 Company retail brokering, based on high volume flows, low commission rates and low cost patterns, has been steadily increasing in the past few years (especially in the face of volatile market rates and rising profit hubs).
Debt collection is replenished with capital, the scale of expansion is expected to accelerate, and the city’s share will increase later.2 The Fund’s sales operations will benefit from an expansion dividend in industry and a gradual increase in non-monetary fund holdings, resulting in an increase in commissions’ share, which will remain stable in an environment of continued decline in front-end rates and market volatility.
Capital-market reform and investment-side construction bring about an increase in the volume of transactions, and firms are expected to benefit in depth. The intensity of capital reforms has never been greater, and strong development of direct financing has led to market expansion. The financing-end industry will be in the midst of full market registration, a 20% increase or drop, and t+0 changes in trading systems, and secondary market dynamism.
It will be activated, and the volume of future market transactions is expected to increase significantly. The regulatory level will start with the construction of investments, with medium- and long-term capital flows, including incentives for residents to save in capital markets, vigorous development of equity funds, regular national meetings and central economic workshops focusing on the development of the third pillar of old-age pension, and strengthening of old-age insurance.
Risk systems are connected to capital markets, pension funds increase equity, foreign investment is liberalized, and other policies are falling into the ground. Meanwhile, with the high specifications of last October, offering to improve the quality of listed companies, the volume of transactions is expected to be steady with the expansion of stock markets and the establishment of long-cow reservoirs as capital market reforms take place.
With the recent increase and decline (%) in January, the company will grow in both bulk households and institutions, laying a solid foundation for the growth of corporate performance, and the growth of corporate performance will be more visible. By 2020, companies will be able to increase their performance.
The current operating income is $8.24 billion, compared to +94.7 per cent, far exceeding the growth rate in the industry (yoy+24.4 per cent); and the rise in the reverse trend since the realization of the Fédéroe and the further widening of the gap between the industry. The 2020roe is a profit forecast and investment rating: the company is the leader of the Internet coupons, with the advantage of the flow and scale effect.
Portfolio operations are expected to increase with the advantage of online flows, low commission rates, and low financing costs, and the market share is expected to rise further, with the alpha advantage highlighted. Debt-transferables strengthen capital strength, and the size of the two-concession business expands at a faster pace.
Moreover, the company has taken on a more international role as a young management and has contributed to future conic booms in wealth management. We expect a net profit of 2021 - 2023e, respectively.
Catalysts for share prices: the increase in brokering and the market share of mixed businesses is far greater than expected, and the Fund's sales are on a larger scale than expected.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Risk factors: industry and business exposure to volatility in the stock market landscape; risk of increased risk of fund substitution competition; less than expected growth in wealth management Markets tend to treat Eastern wealth as a high-elastic beta species, but we believe that in recent years companies have focused on investing in ecosphere building, but we have not been able to do so.
With the increase in public fund holdings, tailings will continue to contribute to performance. 20q4 single-season earnings will continue to increase (youy+216%) in the face of a marginal decline in average daily turnover, which is the result of a combination of both, with companies becoming more growth-oriented.
The company’s retail brokering operations will continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, driven by up to 5 to 7% of the city’s share, and will be a central driver of performance growth. The two-pronged operations will benefit from brokering.
Corporate fund sales will benefit from an expansion dividend and a gradual increase in non-monetary fund holdings. Companies will use Eastern wealth networks and equity bar flows in the area of fund sales to join the first echelons.
On the other hand, while capital market reform has accelerated the construction of direct financing, and has strongly supported the development of equity funds and the growing enrichment of equity products, there has been a gradual increase in the sense of asset allocation among our residents, while investment-side construction will accelerate the transfer of capital savings to investment and promote the gradual shift in the allocation of capital to equity products from public funds to the market capacity of equity funds.
Growing. We firmly appreciate the dividends of the expansion of the Fund’s market, and the firm is expected to benefit in depth. Moreover, the company’s flagship position in corporate-based gold sales continues to consolidate (21q1 non-capital holdings at Top 100, fifth place), with a continuous increase in commissions, while at the same time paying credit abroad, the transformation of wealth management will lead to an increase in household aum and increase in profitability.
I. Growing profitability, high growth and ability to cross cattle bears The company is growing rapidly and is more sustainable. Despite the continued decline in the average daily turnover from 2016 to 2018, corporate revenue and division profits have not rebounded, up from +22.6% and +50.5%, respectively, up from 37 ppts and 92 ppts in the industry at a rate higher than in the reverse market
By 2020, companies had achieved a business income of $8.24 billion, or +94.7 per cent, far faster than the industry (yoy+24.4 per cent); and a net household bond dealer, yoy+30 per cent, mainly because of commission revenue and interest, owing to the volume of stock exchanges in the brokering business and the large increase in the size of the two-contributions.
Large increases in revenue and in third-party fund turnover and sales fund holdings have led to significant increases in revenue from e-commerce services operations.Roe shows a rise in the reverse trend since 2018, which began to outpace the industry by 2.8 ppts to 6.3%, and figure 2: net profits (millions of dollars) and growth
Figure 4: Fédération de l’economique et de l’indépendance de l’industrie des économiques — the main engine of growth The main factors influencing the revenue from brokering are the volume of market transactions and the market share, which rises to the main alpha share.
On the other hand, the average daily turnover in 2020 was $848 billion, or +63%. The average daily turnover of 20q1-20q4,a shares, respectively, was fully rolled out, the share of direct financing increased, and the expansion of the capital market would lead to a steady increase in the volume of transactions. On the other hand, the growth in the share ratio of the capital stock was slower, while the share of the capital stock market would continue to rise as the market returned to calm. For example, 20q1 would continue to do so as a result of the epidemic.
But, by the second quarter, the average daily turnover ratio was -24%, while the share of companies rose by 0.23 percentage points, reflecting the alpha properties of users moving.
1. The high-quality client flow transformation of the integrated platform, with a city-level rise logic-flow advantage, low cost and ecosphere-building.
The company's Internet Financial Services platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has become the most accessible and home-based Internet Financial Services platform in the country, with the same type of vertical financial and economic sites that have been leading the way. As of November 2020, the Eastern Wealth Network had an average monthly coverage of 63.06 million persons pc, ranking second in the industry.
One of the most visited Internet finance interactive platforms, where strange users can share their investment experiences and review articles, has increased user stickyness. Mobile and visual data show that Eastern wealth securities have reached 1,445 million live users as of November 2020, second only to homogenous users, and are significantly ahead of traditional coupons.
The core value of Internet enterprises is derived from the number of users, the length of time they use, and the turnover of values. The use of these is a viscous reflection of the company’s important moat. More than half of the users currently in daily life are non-trading users (only to see the business advice, but not yet to open an account), but longer single users view for as long as they do and dozens of times a day.
A low-cost commission that attracts a large number of price-sensitive long-tail customers. The Internet voucher provider’s Internet platform-based light assets. The brokering business model saves the operating costs of opening down-line businesses and recruiting clients, thus allowing the cost savings to be returned to the client and the lower commission rates offered to the client. This low-cost advantage leads to a decline in the overall commission rate and attracts many long-tails.
Users. We compare the transaction costs of brokers with the operating costs of securities dealers. We measure the lowest cost of the business, with 0.01 per cent in the industry. Low operating costs also guarantee that the profit margins of the rich will continue to grow under the low commission strategy, giving them a higher level of profitability. By 2020, the net profit rate was 58 per cent, leading the traditional coupons.
Figure 9: Commission rates in the Eastern wealth industry vs. Internet conglomerates increase user stickyness and assist in moving assets. 1. Increased investment in research and development, increasing product abundance, and upgrading household experience.
An Internet-based financial services biosphere, such as a platform for financial e-commerce, a financial terminal and a mobile platform, provides Internet users with products and services based on Internet platform applications to meet the needs of a wide variety of users. For example, Toyoshi provides new open users with mobile phones, short line radar, a robotics, vip wealth in the pocket, and a school gold.
Seven major stock features, including the melting terminal, are also able to access a full range of 7 *24-hour financial and economic information and financial market messages to enhance user experience. 2. High-quality products and services enhance user stickyness and assist asset relocation. Integrated financial eco-coopers develop user habits through a full range of high-quality services and products, which will be effectively promoted by a significant increase in user stickyness.
The increase in the number of accounts opened further increases the volume of flows. The significant increase in the stock exchange of the company during the 20q3 quarter is a result of a significant increase in the volume of transactions brought about by the large number of older clients moving their assets to the Eastern Account.
In addition to the fact that brokering has a sustainable growth dynamic, it also benefits from the rising demand of the population for equity-based configurations.a) As the new regulations regulate the break-down of the fixed-yielding properties and the downside of risk-free interest rates, the flow of funds out of real estate and the need for and importance of equity-based asset allocation is increasing.
(b) With the transformation of the structure of the economy, policies are also focusing on comprehensive registration and investment end reforms, capital market size and equity fund size will expand steadily, leading to a shift in capital savings to investment. Equity fund size increased significantly in 2020, with a total of 398 trillion new fund collections in 2020, up from the previous two years.
In total, equity-related funds have increased sharply, reaching 1.98 trillion, up from 36% in the same period last year, to 65%. According to the 2019 Survey of Household Assets and Liabilities of Chinese Urban Residents, in 2019, average household income financed in gold was only 20.4% of total household assets, 22.1 percentage points lower than in the United States, with shares and fund allocations accounting for only 6.4%.
There is still much room for the transfer of household assets to financial assets. 2) Companies are the only Internet voucher dealers, and the rejuvenation group leads the future stock market. Unlike traditional bond dealers, companies have the only Internet voucher license in the country, which responds to the trends in the future online model-led securities industry, especially those that tend to open and trade online after 80-90.
Young people join capital markets as investors. Large flows and platform advantages on the East’s fiscal lines have led to a shift in young users.
The firm’s new tranche of $15.8 billion in debt swaps has been successfully released, accelerating the injection of low-value capital into the two-way business. We expect that as future capital replenishments are put in place, the market share will rise further.
In the past few years, Internet giants have accelerated the deployment of financial services.
Batj has obtained many license plates, including third-party payments, insurance agents, fund sales, microcredits, etc., and most of the purchases in the field of frequently involved securities and the creation of new joint ventures have ended up being aborted. For example, Maun has tried to enter the stock market securities and the loan ccepa agreement to apply to the CSRC for new securities in Rainbow securities, but this has not worked out.
In the case of securities, the public is invited to enter the stock market and then to enter the stock market in the form of guides and equity participation. The securities offered in the three rounds of the abc market have not yet been issued with a licence plate for internal securities, which is followed by a search for a flow of external securities (seller securities and florin securities) to enable the opening and trading of stock accounts on the securities public, and then to obtain a licence for internal securities through indirect equity entry.
The strict regulation of Internet voucher licences also reflects the regulatory concern that Internet securities, which have a flow and low-cost passenger advantage, enter traditional securities, disrupting competition patterns. Since last November, the suspension of ants’ listing reflects the regulatory concern about financial risks, such as unfair competition of platforms and the unprogrammed expansion of capital, which means that Internet firms get tickets in the short term.
All securities services, including third parties, have recently been required to file with the SEC, and 52 institutions, including the ant wealth, have been placed on the IT system service list.
The intention is to guide the data to a platform that the country supports. This means that in the future, ant wealth will enter the securities field by working with traditional bond dealers, and that ants will lead the traditional bond traders through flow and technological advantage, rather than competing positively with a traditional voucher dealer through a data monopoly. Ants have a huge flow advantage or have a greater impact on competitive patterns in the securities industry, but the East will not.
The challenge is largely reflected in (1) the fact that the majority of the customers are long tailers with a certain investment experience, have significant advantages in terms of equity, professionalism and accuracy, and have hierarchies with the clients of ants or tweaks. (2) Eastern money has the ability to operate in a specialized area of investment, such as a stock bar, which provides a platform for investors to interact with each other, and its financial investment products give investors a high quality hand-in-hand.
As of December 2020, the number of self-selected monthly activity was only 3,335,000, well below the Eastern wealth of 1.74 million.
There are 44.07 million independent devices. 3) Ants have been more regulated since last year, and are now facing adjustments that do not pose a significant competitive pressure on Toyochi in the short term.
(i) The main proceeds of the Fund's sales proceeds are from tail commissions and foreclosure rates, which are maintained at a discount of 1.5 per cent of the base price at a time of intense price fighting, and from the fees paid by the Fund company to the sales agency to maintain the Fund's total value, at the time the Fund's share or market value is held
A certain percentage, generally 30-40% of the fund’s management fees (1.5%), is the main source of revenue from the sales of the Eastern Fiscal Fund.
Gold ransoms have led to a significant increase in revenue from the e-commerce operations of the Eastern Treasury, which rose by $2.96 billion in 2020, at a rate of 139.7 per cent, from the 1q21 sector IDFs, which continued to grow at a rate of 1.03 trillion, or +121 per cent, of which 90.7 billion, or 151.7 per cent, were issued by the Central Equity Fund, which increased to 88 per cent, pushing the 1q21 East Treasury Fund for sale.
Revenue +141.9% to $1.28 billion. Follow-on commission: Increased non-base holdings will result in a steady increase in tailings ' earnings, and a decrease in forward-end cost fluctuations due to the market environment resulting in additional fund buy-backs, α significant. Non-monetary fund size has grown faster, and as of 2020, base
The size of the gold sales was $5.683 billion, of which the non-monetary fund was $699.07 billion, representing an increase from 27 per cent in 2013, and the share of back-end revenues was expected to rise, to cover the negative impact of the front-end cost price war and market fluctuations, and to further consolidate the market share of sales.
(ii) Future non-fund holdings are expected to increase steadily, following the increase in the share of commissions' income; Independent fund sales agencies have increased the size of their public fund holdings, and daily fund holdings are among the highest. The China Securities and Investment Foundations Association has revealed for the first time the share of sales of public funds held by all channels and the sales of public funds in the first quarter of the year
The ratio of retention to all public funds is the largest share of public funds held in 2019, which is 23.59%, a slight decrease from 25.22% in 2015, while third-party fund sales agencies (including ants, sky funds, etc.) account for a slight decrease.
Upgraded to 11.03%. According to stock holdings of the Top 100 list equity category, banks, bonds, third-party sales agents and mixed public funds account for $3.3 trillion, $875 billion and 1,24 trillion respectively, representing 44.5%, 11.8%, and 16.7% of the net value of the assets of the market-wide equity plus mixed funds.
5.1 per cent (reflecting the advantages of Sky Fund retention in equity funds) and fifth in industry sales agencies, followed only by ant funds in third-party sales agencies (non-monetary market public fund holdings of $8.91 billion, 7 per cent, public fund equity + mixed holdings of $57.19 billion, 7.7 per cent), and fund holdings and openings in the event of market shocks this year
It is hoped that the Fund will benefit from a shift in the focus of sales agencies from “transactions” to “holdings.” The ranking of retention agencies facilitates a shift in the focus of sales agencies from merely dealings to holdings, which better binds the interests of the sales agencies themselves to those of their clients. In the sales model of the Fund, the sales agency’s revenues were directly linked to the volume of transactions.
Sales agencies are motivated to sell new products that are inflated, to direct customers to “sale for old and new” and to trade frequently, to swing user assets to obtain higher commission revenues, to conflict between the interests of fund sales agencies and the interests of investors, and to “funds don't make money”, and to have poor customer investment experience.
Long-term benefits, enhancing the accumulation of stock operations, and promoting healthy development in wealth management. With the creation of an Internet wealth management ecology that combines products, communities, ease of dealing, data, license plates, etc., and creates stronger core competitiveness, and long-term adherence to customer-centred concepts and customer-oriented long-term services, the Daily Fund is industry-led.
As future wealth management needs shift to the capital market, and the willingness of residents to allocate assets in the form of equity, we expect that the daily fund will be able to achieve a further increase in the market share of our high net-value people’s funds, based on flows, low commissions, low costs, and high user stickyness. The daily fund is expected to be strong every two years, according to Bayon and the recruitment campaign.
The Chinese Private Wealth Report 2021, which benefits from the rapid appreciation of capital markets and the continued rise in the prices of second-line housing, has been increasing to include the new and rich population of ipo, both inside and outside China. In 2020, the number of people with high net worth in China was 2.62 million, with annual composite growth. The size of the country's high net worth population (with investmentable assets exceeding RMB 10 million) was 2.96 million, and the size of the assets with investable assets will be increased to 2.96 million.
The share of equity assets in the asset allocation of high-value groups has increased significantly, while the specialization of high-value groups in asset allocation has increased, with a greater preference for fund allocation to participate in capital market investments than a share, and a comparison of public fund allocation with 21 ppts in 2019 is expected to increase in 2021.
The size of the Fund is concentrated on the head, with Cr5 being 87.7 per cent, as the top fund manager with the fifth largest holdings, and its professional competence and services are expected to attract more high net clients to purchase its products, further upgrade its holdings, and the strength of the strong 17: the number of individuals with investable assets exceeding 10 million (millions) and the speed of growth
Figure 18: Size of assets that can be invested by high net worth groups (Billions of yuan) and the pace of growth2 and the transformation of wealth management in the context of the transition to wealth management, there is room for auum for both East and West households to rejuvenate the management of wealth, and there is still much room for auum for improvement in the broader context of the transformation of wealth management.
Ka Gaeto acquires a large number of clients through low commission brokerage operations, enhances customer stickyness through low fee rates and comprehensive financial management services, raises size and wealth management capacity through external M&As, and gradually transforms from a discounted securities broker into an integrated financial service provider that brings together securities brokers, wealth management, asset management, banks, trustees, and financial advisers.
The structure has shifted from a trading commission to a model based on aum, more stable and profitable earnings. From 2009 to 2020, the ratio of credit commission revenue fell from 24% to 12%, and the ratio of management and net interest income increased from 75% to 91%. The transformation of wealth management has also resulted in a gradual optimization of the customer structure, moving from a mass retailer base.
Gradually, the average household assets rose from $180,000 in 2006 to $230,000 in 2020. In contrast, Eastern wealth households have a low aum, mainly because Eastern wealth is still in the process of liquidity, user-to-client transformation is still in progress, and wealth management development is still at an early stage.
With high-quality client experience and customer stickyness, we expect that the platform ' s flow conversion rate will increase, resulting in an increase in the number of pay-for-service users, and that the transition in the management of Eastern wealth will be expected to move forward as the product variety becomes richer and stock assets add up, with room for improvement still remaining in average aum.
Figure 22: Increase in trade commission income as a percentage of income from management and net interest income as a percentage of income from year to year
Management adjustments are intended to introduce a rejuvenation of the workforce and to raise the level of proactive management.
The former General Manager's assistant, Huang Jianhai, took over as Deputy General Manager and Financial Director (with Merrillin and Lehman background). In conjunction with Kashin's development experience, Kashin has undergone a process of transforming wealth management from low commission-to-market-to-extension-to-promotion-to-promotion-promotion-promotion-to-promotion-promotion-to-promotion-promotion-to-promotion-promotion-promotion-to-promotion-promotion-promotion-promotion, which is now at a critical time when stock flow flows are moving towards the asset management contour, and the city's share is rising, but the fund-raising base is rising.
Gold medals are still dominated by passive products, with a low per capita aum, and will in the future increase the layout of wealth management and enhance proactive management. This management shift is also aimed at making management teams more young, professional, and internationalized, taking advantage of the opportunities of the Internet’s times, and saving for the transformation of wealth management.
The size, flow and transformation rates of the Sky Fund are all leading, but the conversion rate is still much larger than the coverage of the Fund’s products and the Fund’s companies, especially the many competitors. The Sky Fund’s number of online funds and the increase in the Fund’s products have remained steady, with complex growth rates of 16.8 per cent and 16.8 per cent, respectively, in 2012-2020.
Thirty-nine percent, followed by the rice fund, the good buying fund, and the ant fund. The size of the Sky Fund is more than that of other third-party sales agencies. As of 2020, the daily fund was worth $129.78 billion, while the third best sales was only $10.47 billion.
For the first time, in 2019, it surpassed business banks, and more than most of the bond dealers. The Sky Fund has a strong position in the same kind of vertical financial and financial web site, with an absolute market advantage of user flow and user stickyness, but there is still room for further exploration.
The average daily page views and independent users of the Daily Fund, with both the Eastern Wealth Web site and stock cafes, are 10,000 people, higher than the ant wealth (2.63 million people), catching up with the ant since August 2019, and closing the gap. From the conversion rate, according to Irei, the Sky Fund is living at $68.2 billion a month, and the Eastern Wealth Network is living at $63.6 billion a month.
At 10.8%, there is still some room for improvement over the payment money. From the competition in the city, the company will not be challenged in the future by its peers to resist market volatility, thanks to the industry’s leadership of the fund’s sales operations and the differentiated targeting of its clients (the identification of long-tailed clients with the Fund’s investment experience).
26: Moving the number of live users of the app month (tens of thousands), depending on a strong market position, the Sky Fund has a premium on the tailings. Despite lower discounts on front requisitions, the proportion of back-end income of the Fund is expected to rise steadily, making up for front-end costs.
The negative effects of the war and market fluctuations can be seen in the 26.2% rapid growth in corporate fund sales, despite a sharp decline in market turnover in 2018, and significant alpha. Assuming that the requisition rate is 1.5%, a discount, a tailing rate of 1.5%, and 40% of the cashier, we expect the sales revenue of the fund to be $2.55 billion for the year 2020.
Capital market reforms have helped boost the volume of transactions, and investment-end construction has opened the door to slow-starting cow financing: reforms are expected to increase market turnover. In recent years, the government has been working to achieve high-quality economic development.
Without precedent, the acceleration of direct financing has led to an expansion of the market. Given that the industry will be approaching full market registration, with a 20% rise and fall, late in the year, the closing of the two cities was $848 billion a day, equivalent to +63.8%, and the subsequent expansion of the financing surplus would drive continued improvement in the fundamentals of Easter wealth and boost the rise of the centre of the Roe.
Investment ends: Increased capital flows to the market open the door to slow growth. With investment-side construction and the deployment of a policy of “upgrading the quality of listed companies” it is expected that the medium- and long-term flows will gradually flow, mainly as a result of: (a) an increase in the equity holding of an annuity fund, which in theory will generate 300 billion in incremental funds for a share, and (b) a regular national conference and a central economic workshop focusing on the development of the third pillar of old age.
By the end of September, the savings balance was expected to reach 200 billion. With the establishment of the Long Cow Water Pool, the volume of transactions is expected to increase steadily and will continue to improve.
As savings deposits enter the capital market to add institutional long-term funds, both the bulk of the company’s business and the agency’s business will grow together, laying a solid foundation for the growth of the company’s performance. 1. With regard to the fund’s sales operations, as the country’s capital market reforms move forward, new regulations on capital management drive the need to reconfigure the population’s wealth.
As a result of the expansion of services and innovation, the user experience has increased, the number of online funds and products has continued to grow, and the volume of corporate sales is expected to continue to grow, bringing back the commission’s income to Piti.
2. In the case of securities services, companies continue to take up market shares in brokering after buying the same securities. Even in the case of poorer markets, their market share has continued to grow faster. At the same time, this advantage has been created by synergies arising from the growth of brokering operations.
Companies are leading Internet coupons, with the advantage of flow and scale effects. Securities operations are expected to increase further with online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs.
In addition, the company's entry into a younger management structure and its increased internationalization will contribute to the future of a second integrated platform for wealth management, the risk that industry and business will be affected by the volatility of the stock market landscape.
The risk of further increases in the competition for fund sales is that the management of wealth has not developed as expected, Wang Qing Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom.
Judining, a master, graduated from the financial profession at the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda securities research and development centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019, where the non-banking financial sector research component has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.