Newtime security
Once again, performance exceeded expectations, and the momentum for high growth in the future was strong — once again, the high market for high-quality annual ratings, and the platform's value was again highlighted, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company released its 2019 fast-track performance report: 62.380 billion yuan (+74.00 per cent) of operating income for the entire year 2019, with a net return of 4.721 billion yuan (+73.40 per cent), after the company ' s expected business performance in 2019 was 3,948-4220 million yuan, and its performance was again expected to be huge.
The sophisticated manufacturing platform companies will benefit fully from the continued development of major trends, such as smartphone innovation, iot equipment, 5g communications, and car electronics. We have improved the company’s performance projections, the company’s efficiency is expected to benefit from the explosion in the airpods series, and the company’s performance continues to grow at a high rate.
In a single quarter, the company achieved operating income of 24.544 billion yuan (+78.90 per cent) in the four-quarter period and a net profit of 1,833 million yuan (+86.85 per cent) in the q4 quarter, mainly as a result of the smooth progress of the company ' s operations (covering consumer electronics, communications and automobiles), especially the sale of the airpods series of products
Significant volume growth drives companies to sustain high growth in their operating income and performance. We believe that the years ahead are still at an outbreak, that the product is still in short supply, that it will continue to grow at a high rate in the years ahead, and that the company, as the largest supplier of airpods, is expected to continue to benefit from the new business.
On the other hand, watch is progressing well, and the company is expected to become a major supplier that will continue to add momentum to the company’s growth in the coming years. In addition, the company’s Roe has significantly improved to 26.44% as a result of increased profitability.
Looking ahead, the development of consumer electronics, iot finished products and related zero items, driven by technological advances in 5g and i, is still much more space and is still to be expected in the future; communication technologies are moving from 4g to 5g, with the trend of miniaturization becoming more evident, and companies have made clear breakthroughs in their customers and products;
"O3's performance is higher than expected, precision-manufacturing giants accelerate growth." 2019-10-21 Automobile electrons are moving towards smart driving, car networking, etc., the next trillion-class big market.
The H1 performance is over-expected, the precision-manufacturing giant continues to be high, and the company has been in product and technical configuration for years. Faced with the trend of downstream industries, the company is multi-polluted, forward-looking, from spare parts, modules, to systems programs, has completed system construction and related core products.
"The multidisciplinary and forward-looking layout, the fine-made layout of giants, around which we judge that the company's future major operations are expected to remain high and strong" 2019-06-10.