On February 27, the company released its 19-year fast-track performance report, which generated 62.38 billion yuan in total income for 19 years, an increase of 74 per cent over the same year and $4.72 billion in net profit for mothers, an increase of 73.4 per cent over the same period.
The q4 quarter saw a positive return of $1.83 billion, an increase of 71.9 per cent over the previous quarter, a rise of 32.2 per cent in industry.
The Ministry manages, improves operational efficiency, and the rate of new production quickly climbs up, raising the overall profit rate. The roe level rose from 17.95% in 18 years to 26.44%. In addition, corporate R & D investment continued to grow, with 1.3 billion R & D spending in the third quarter, an increase of 63% over the same period. Airpods took the title, with large customer products exceeding overall expectations.
\triangleright, first half of 19th year, upgrades of airpods continue to be released in q2 and q3 and the asp continues to be upgraded, with q4 major clients issuing a new generation of airpods, adding heavy-pound functions such as noise reduction, and we expect annual sales of airpods in 2020.
We believe that the core competition for creating new production lines is the ability to control the production details, and to import the same new products with the ability to do so faster than the best of friends, thereby achieving a higher level of profitability for the leading rivals.
Big clients have a full-blown, year-round growth \triangleright \triangleright \inspection: this year, the airpodspro is expected to continue to be hot and to set up as the pro-version's absolute lead supplier.
The company's multi-products in iPhone are going well, and with the continued hot selling of the airpods and the release of the 5g version of iPhone, the company's big clients grow up in a logical way, and the number of products in iPhone continues to grow throughout the year, such as acoustics, motors, wireless chargers, antennas, etc. At the same time, the company's communications business is expected to continue to break through, and Andre's clients are expected to hold onto it.
1. Quarterly review: the big hit, and beyond expectations.
“Recommend” ratings to the company’s leading position in the field of precision manufacturing.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.