The two-field highs, 2021, are looking forward to self-reflection: the company published its annual report for 2020 and combined its gross operating income of $63,157 million.
In 2020, Toyota achieved significant better output than the industry, including 80.56w and 80.58w vehicles, an increase of 3.73% and 2.65% compared to the previous year, yielding $118.84 billion; and Toyota.
The sales were 76.5w, with a significant increase of 14.08% and 12.17%, respectively, yielding $11.7 billion. Stars in Honda's car, Yakaku, and Camerri's terminal sales were the top two in the middle and senior sedan market, and were popular with consumers. Toyota's new car in 2020 was also popular.
It is highly appreciated that the average monthly sales since the market has been around 1w, while the sales of the old main vehicle, Camerry and Handa, are still hot enough to demonstrate the vastness of the product quality, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Yes, prices, and so on, have an absolute competitive advantage over multiple combinations. In the current period, Toyota has 107,340,106,281 cash dividends or profits of $4.8 billion and Honda cash dividends and profits of $3.71 billion.
High 12 months/lowest gas group (601238) has experienced a slight decline in gas autonomy, with 2021 viewing it as self-heating.
Group: Short-term performance pressure, waiting for autonomous warming.
Channels. In 2021, when you look at self-regulating, you will be the biggest increase in potential profits.
Autonomous new energy sales have increased significantly, and new models have continued. Autonomous new energy vehicles have risen in reverse, and their performance has met expectations. The new flagship model of energy has grown by more than 6w vehicles a year, a significant 40% increase over the previous year.
The product and diversity are enriched by a variety of new and modified cars, such as Eianionv. Pure electric + hybrid dual routes, laying a solid foundation for the future.
Intelligent transformations, focused products, technology, services add three major values, and run the Eman brand independently, creating a full-fledged high-tech pure electric vehicle brand. At the same time, Japan and Toyota, based on market considerations, are expected to follow a hybrid course in the future, with a wide conglomerate pure electric + two-dimensional drive.
A broader audience, laying a solid foundation for long-term development. Investment advice: As high-quality firms in the industry, solar systems and autonomy are expected to break down.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report