Year 2020: q4 affected by impairments, profits
The net profit to the mother is $5.965 billion, corresponding to 9.85 per cent; the net profit to the non-mother is $4.807 billion, and the growth to the income of XX20q4 is in line with expectations, with net profit falling short of market expectations. The gross profit to the gas 2020q4 is equal to +20.06 per cent and profits to +242.86 per cent.
If the product structure is optimized, the price of single-car sales increases slightly. 2020h2 wide auto-owned bicycle sales cost $10,67,000, or +0.13 per cent. 2) The net profit increases are larger than the year-on-year, mainly due to a larger one-time cost raise during the end of 2019 and a lower base. 3) q4 non-recurring gain/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses/losses
The increase in cost impairments at the end of the year was due to an increase in the fall in the fall in investment returns. q4 investment returns from joint ventures and associated enterprises amounted to $2.17 billion, compared with 8.2 per cent, and were lower, mainly for intangible assets, development-related impairments and lower profit margins.
▪ Consumer end-of-pipe change + user operation, corporate end-of-product design location + equity incentives encouraging innovation. 1) At the demand end, wide-blown groups have made huge changes to consumer operations, intensifying push-ups, proposing network development of marketing channels, exploring new business models, reaching more than 50% of business overshops, and entering one.
In the case of new-energy cars, they are sold and branded separately, and their monthly aggregate wholesales are equal to 2019 for the branding of new-powered cars, with a view to appraising private-area flows and upgrading them.
The company ' s future product core focuses on the beautiful new wave of high-flame and the strong configuration of super-duration and high-intelligence competitiveness; the creation of equity incentive schemes for new energy enterprises and core technologies, 2, Broad Gas Group (601238): January
In the field of technological innovation, talent is tilted, internal incentives are effectively improved, and innovation is encouraged. Production approvals and discounts begin to be collected.
3 Wide Gas Group (601238): December release, solar cycle upwards, is expected to improve continuously, but, given the industry chip shortage, production is better for the year than for the year.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.