The Sini Shan Consortium reports that it has been reported that it has been reported to the United Nations through the annual report.
Cost-control profit improvement, high growth in solar brand sales 26 March 2021 Event description: company annual report 2020 released on 26 March 2020, company revenue realized in 2020
In 2020, a new coronary pneumonia outbreak affected the car industry as a whole, and corporate revenue and profit-side pressures increased. Companies are selling their bills.
The Volkswagen Group - Automobile sales are almost equal throughout the year, better than the national industry average. \triangleright \triangleright
By the sound of the noise, the Volkswagen Group has maintained a relatively stable sales volume of 2.0348 million autonomous brands each year, and new energy vehicles have turned up. In 2020, the company launched a wide-air transmission.
The market value (billions) of the master chess m8 editions, gs4phev, gs4coupe, gs8s, completely new Ga8s, wide gas eon circulation shares: multi-new, medium-changed, year-old cars, etc., further enriches the portfolio of autonomous branding stars.
Among them, the sale of new energy vehicles in autonomous brands has been on the rise, with more than 60,000 vehicles sold throughout the year, and the Japanese joint venture brands have been branded new and growing at a very high rate. The joint venture brands Toyota, Toyota, Camey, Honda, have been growing at a steady rate.
Net asset return (%): growing product lines and increasing structural proportions of new energy and energy-efficient products. Industry recovery + warm-up of autonomous brands + new energy dynamics are expected to bring company sales up to date with valuation
At the industry level, the overall recovery in the country’s economic performance has continued to improve, and the heat of automobile sales will continue to be high, the group level, the broad-sized model of cars, the rapid growth of solar joint brands, and the steady recovery from the main brand. The new energy brand, the "Aiony" series, will be published in the future.
Automobile models such as empow55, sub-design gs8, gm6, re-design gs4, re-transfer in gs4, re-dealing in g4, magnolia and wide field of thought will also be placed on the market and will be updated more frequently, with the prospect of future corporate sales leading to the 28th floor of ITC a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
The company's full-size, the joint vehicle is stable.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is gradually rising, new models are published frequently, and sales are expected to accelerate. On this basis, (2) cars are expected to sell less than expected;
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.