Wide Steam Group (601238): Autonomous operations with continued and high R & D inputs, solar systems contributing steady returns
The company was co-sponsored by Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group, Inc., Wan-Duan Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel Group, Ltd., etc.
Large-scale state-owned share-holding enterprises initiated. Wide-space groups focus on innovation in R & D, with sustained high-level R & D inputs: 2020 BG R & D inputs (capital groups). Major operations include passenger cars, commercial cars, motorcycles.
In total, 5.125 billion yuan, up from $5.04 billion in 2019, supports the development, manufacture, sale and sale of cars, auto parts and components. High R&D inputs have led to the development of large-scale autos at the core of fuel and new energy vehicles.
Services, as well as trade in automobile-related products, automobiles are industry leaders, such as the new gpma modular architecture, wave power systems, efficient fuel leasing, used cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, steam.
Car credit, finance lease, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance engines and hybrid motors, second-generation pure power platform gep2.0, etc.
In the next three to six months, a number of important issues will be highlighted: the BG continues to optimize its organizational mechanisms and improve its efficiency.
In order to further improve the efficiency of autonomous sector operations, in 2020 the Corporation established the Autonomous Brand Management Board as the autonomous board ' s decision-making body and set up an integrated operational decision-making mechanism.
The Japanese market share has risen and the two-fields have contributed to a steady return: in 2020, the motorized industry grew at a speed of -6.05 per cent in the circulation b/h (million shares) and 765,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 12.2 per cent, the highest volume sold for the turbo Toyota.
The sales volume of Hiroshima Honda amounted to 8.04 million vehicles, an increase of 4.3 per cent. The 2020q4 company realized an investment return of $2.25 billion, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period, and the associated companies contributed $2.17 billion, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period.
It is believed that with the new products and capabilities of Toyota and Hirotota falling into the ground, Hiroshima Toyota and Honda are expected to continue to raise the steady return on investment for the group. Wide-air autonomous operations have stopped falling back and are of good quality: wide-blown cars q4 have achieved 117,000 sales.
The same-year increase of 9.12%. 2020q4 wide-blown autonomous brand sales raise product structure optimization, such as mpv, especially M8 high- and medium-end products, and drive and account for business profitability gains. 2020q4 fees are lower than they are, and the company costs are higher as the company ' s vehicle pattern stops and stabilizes and business efficiency improves.
Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect companies to make a net profit of 90.3 per cent in 2021-2023.
Research assistant: Jang Chi Yung, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Hiro Group (601238): Autonomous operations continue to generate high R & D inputs, and the solar system contributes steady returns
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
(a) Hiroshu Group (601238): Autonomous operations continue to generate high R & D inputs, the Japanese faculty contributes to a stable gain, Li Jinjin Nankai University Master of Management, many years of experience in research on automobiles and spare parts, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.