Shanxi Liquor (600809); successful withdrawal in 2021 as a result of the continued optimization of the 2022q1 supply structure; 2,721q4 million of this amount
5.4 pct. Quarterly opening on schedule. The main reasons for this are: 1) the firm works actively around the "Four Focuses" "Four Persistences". 2) The company adjusts its marketing policy flexibly in one quarter, with a variety of measures, a series of wines, etc.
High- and middle-end products have grown significantly, and the "open door" has been successfully achieved. We believe that more than 40% of the revenue has been generated by the public sector from 30 and above, continuing to optimize the structure of the product.
• Continue to be concentrated on 30 and above, with the provincial focus on East and South China doing well and the quarterly report - 2022-03-10 2022 — the company continues to focus on the series of flowers, high-strikes, and the Bolivia continues to control the volume;
The Shanxi Wine (60809) incident assessment report: Performance instruments Focused on three indicators: one for sales, two for end-points, and three for opinion groups.
The Shanxi Wine Incident Review Report: Reforming into the Deepwater, Rational and Pragmatic Moving Forward — 2021-12-27 extra-provincial expansion, building three major markets, focusing on China East and South China.
Study on the Dynamics of Shanxi Liquor (600809). Recovering in large markets refers to a large base market (in addition to the original base camp, emphasis will be placed on building a strong base market in the area north of the Yellow River, with the North China market at its core).
The second is the market of China’s East and the third is the market of China’s South. The emphasis placed on the markets of China’s East and South China (the markets of Jiangjun and others) and China’s South markets (including mainly the port of Kanaeng and the two lakes) has been placed on both markets.
Five points of view for future companies, as the process of deep nationalization unfolds, and the brand rejuvenation is about to take place, and we think that the next five points for the company are:
It refers to the Almond Village brands and series of brands, the Nucleus of Liquor and Bamboos, which are useful additions to the Almond Village brands and series of brands. 2) The Great Healthy Industries Platform, with bamboo leaves at its core, is the company's future.
A core brand, which is expected to be released in the future. 3) The Saffron series continues to boost the company's product series under the "Bumping Two Bumps" strategy.
The regional expansion of the “1357” national distribution, with the gradual construction of 31 departmental + 10 direct management area marketing organization structures for the 1455 period.
The share is expected to rise from the current 4:6 to the future 3:7.5.) As the structure of the company is gradually completed, the product structure is optimized and nationalized. Deepening, net interest rates are expected to rise from more than 20 per cent at present with the effect of scale.
The current corporate brand is constantly being released, with a focus on the 30-year-old revival into high macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic is slowing down consumption, the sunflowers are not growing as expected, and the food and beverages group is making presentations.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.