- Quarterly high growth in performance, structural upgrading leading to higher profit margins 11/04 2022: company announcement, preliminary accounting, first quarter 2022, company expected to achieve total operating income
\triangleright works actively. During the quarter, companies are flexible about marketing policies, taking care of the same things as they do in order to control the epidemic.
The company's sales fair in 2021 was set to be 2022 \triangleright \triangleright.
Three main indicators are: 1) sales, 2) end indicators, 2) 20 end indicators, 3) green flowers, and " opinion group " indicators. The company promotes the price board by lowering costs, adjusting structures, quality, and folding the Saffron Quota System, while the Saffron price system is in the loop and the channel is more dynamic.
Wang Xinhai, the central growth in corporate performance in 2022, included a 30-thousand-dollar rejuvenation belt, which was gradually acquired by the group into a distribution channel, which helped to raise the image of the Cinderella brand and boost the public.
In the first quarter of 2022, the net profit rate for companies was about 35%, the highest level in a calendar year, reflecting a significant increase in the structure of the Saffron series. Nationalization continued to expand, with an increase in the share of provinces rising.
The markets of \triangleright, , , , , , etc. have made steady breakthroughs, and according to the previous company ' s 2021 pre-performance announcement, the Department ' s national market control terminal has reached more than 1 million locations, and extra-provincial growth remains strong and is projected to take place in 2022.
The company’s south of the Yangjiang market is still expected to grow faster. 1. Shanxi wine (60809.sh) January-February 2022
The company announced on March 17, 2021 that the Department was planning to invest $9.102 billion in the implementation of the project to expand the capacity of the wine storage facility for the implementation of the rehydration technique 2030 (phase I), which provides the basis for long-term growth.
After the project was completed, the company is expected to produce an additional 2022 "open door red" annual product, 51 000 tons of wine and 1344 million tons of wine storage. The company's product structure has been fine-tuned in recent years.
3. The three-quarterly reporting points of Shanxi wine (600809), the increasing demand for high-quality production capacity, and the project is expected to result in effective upgrading of the wine industry and storage capacity, and the evaluation: performance continues to grow rapidly, with 1357+10
This expansion is not only a quest for scale, but also for quality additions, brand ownership, competitiveness, and a semi-annual review of the 2021 Shanxi wine (60809): Upgraded, the company’s capacity to produce is also directly contributing to the higher quality of the wine.
5. Mid-term high-end production, such as the Saffron series, 5. Shanxi wine (60809), semi-annual performance in 2021
Significant growth, leading to a continuous upgrading of the corporate product structure, based on company performance forecasts, expected company forecasts and ratings: sustaining high growth in the main industry, demand for core products
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.