Event: Companies publish annual reports 2021 and quarterly reports 2022, with $19,971 million in 2021, with performance in line with expectations, structural upgrades and narrow rates to release profit elasticity.
\triangleright is an upgrade in product structure and a rise in the share of Saffron series income; tax share ratio +0.79 pct to reduced cost investment, transferred to the Saffron series for consumer development, and a quarterly sales fee
At the end of the quarter, the company’s contractual liability was $3.88 billion, or 3.5 billion, and the principal result was a decrease in the billing rate under 21q4.
In 22q1 it was recognized that there was a higher income; with the size of the company ' s income, it increased to +950 million.
Liquor, series, configuration, sales of 1,291 tons, 109,000 tons, 1130,000 tons respectively, compared to the same ratio +3.1 pct, +0.4 pct, -3.3 pct. The decline in the Māori rate for the formulation of alcohol is mainly due to the fact that its cost has increased too fast, by billions of yuan, compared to +44 per cent, +118 per cent, +7 per cent, and the preparation of alcohol and alcohol series has been followed by product collating.
Shanxi wine (600809.sh): Open the door and grow fast, and we think it will help the collective prosperity of the white white wine.
Nationalization is progressing well, and the Southern market is growing at a faster pace. Under the nationalization of the company 1357+10, the main market in Shanxi has grown steadily, with 83 to 728 new distributors in 2021 receiving $8.07 billion, or 35 per cent, of the same amount; 22q1 earns $3.85 billion, or 31 per cent of the same amount; except for continued consolidation.
Outside the market, the company has a scientific layout in the markets of Jiang, Zhe, Xi, Xi, Xi and Xi, where the development of the South City is an opportunity to promote the deep expansion and steady breakthrough of the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle, with 545 to 2,796 new dealers outside the province in 2021, with revenues of 11,74 billion yuan, compared with 49 per cent in the South.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., 22q1 earned $6.63 billion, +52 per cent of the year, and our income rose further to 63.2 per cent.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing says that, with sustained investment in branding and consumer development, the company's path to nationalization will be \triangleright.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurrent outbreaks \triangleright study on the evaluation of real estate tax bases (National Social Fund) in Shenzhen City, with attention to macros, \triangleright
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, the country entered the post with a sales + research experience, a focus on the industry and its shareholdings, an in-depth study and follow-up of sections such as white wine, leisure food, spices, frozen foods, etc., with an emphasis on valuation components that are not, or are not, relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.