The Sini Sanctuary has a strong track record, continuing high growth.
28 April 2022 Business income was $19,971 million, an increase of 42.75 per cent in the same year. The net return to mothers in the first quarter was $3,711 million, an increase of 70.03 per cent in the same year, and business income of $10,53 billion, an increase of 43.62 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright achieved business income of $10.53 billion, an increase of 43.62 per cent over the same year, net profit for mothers of $3.71 billion, and product by-product, continued to optimize the product structure, with a further increase in the share of high-end products in the Saffron series.
In this context, companies have deepened the market layout of the wine 1357+10, steadily developed large base markets, marketed Southern markets optimized product structure + deeper lift efficiency and increased profitability. Companies have made a net profit of 22021/2022q1 \triangleright
Now beautiful, the company 2022q1 sells/operates net cash flows of $8.87.3540 billion, compared to Fong and Fong, respectively, to expand the original wine storage capacity to protect its medium- and long-term development.
As the product structure of the company continues to be optimized, the demand for high-quality production capacity is increasing. In line with the medium- and long-term development strategy of the company and the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company plans to invest $9.102 billion in the construction of 51 million tons of original wine production and 13.44 million tons of original wine storage.
Liquor production, storage capacity, this expansion is not only a quest for size, but also for quality additions, brand ownership, competitiveness upgrading, and the company’s increased capacity to produce is a direct contribution to the high-quality development of wine. The Saffron series continues to grow, with 2022 still strong.
Flowers are an inevitable option for future development and are expected to continue. Three indicators were identified at the 2021 marketing conference to measure the development of the cerebral wine: a target for sales, a target for sales, a target for sales of cerebral 20, a guide for opinion leaders on ceremonial wine, an assessment of areas, and a focus on resources for distributors. The company plans to harvest the ceremonial resources in 2022.
The goal is more conservative than the growth of about 25%. In 2022, under the strategy of “breathing flowers, strong waist, and steady bounties”, more resources were invested in the Saffron series by reducing the Bolivia quota, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Overall, low-end growth is steady, waist growth is high, high-end products are growing at a high rate, 2022.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment recommendations: 2022, with high-end + modeling effects in the medium and long term of corporate products highlighted and management performance optimized, profits increased at a faster rate than income and net interest rates increased. Industry attitude, independence, and objectivity in presenting this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will I not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.