Sancie's food drinks (60809), and they're growing up, looking at the elasticity of the year, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: The company disclosed its main financial data for 2021 and its major business performance for the first quarter of 2022, with a projected income of 19.970 billion yuan in 2021, +42.8 per cent in comparison with +42.8 per cent in comparison to the net profit of the mother, $5.31 billion in return for the smooth implementation of the opening red and strong growth that will continue.
On the basis of this, the company took the initiative in four quarters to control the inventory of the combing channels, resulting in a drop in revenue on a par: based on the growing brand power, the company overcomes the negative effects of the outbreak of the epidemic throughout the country during the quarter, is actively flexible in adjusting its marketing policy, conducts production activities in an orderly manner, and high- and middle-end products, such as sunflowers, are growing significantly and on schedule.
The company's firm strategy of “crowding flowers, strong waists, stable bounties” has led to an increase in the number of flowers, which is expected to increase by more than 50 per cent in the course of the quarter, while the driving product structure has continued to optimize, with net interest rates of 22q1 rising by 5.5 percentage points to 35.2 per cent in the same year, with a record increase in profitability; and 3, national expansion of wine has continued.
By the end of 2021, over 28 markets had been marketed in the company's country, with a “31+10” market layout; marketing, with more than 300 new distributors added throughout the year, and a growing share of major players. Moreover, more than 80 per cent of the regional directors were in sales.
The growth of productive capacity has strengthened the foundation of quality and continues to look at future development. In the context of the spread of the epidemic and macroeconomic pressures of the past quarter, the firm’s strength has increased, and it is expected that the structure of the company’s products will become more dynamic throughout the year. The expansion of the country will be overwhelming, growing and stable, and the pace of growth will continue to lead the first line of wine.
The company recently plans to invest $9.1 billion in a project (phase I) to expand the capacity of the wine production and the production of the wine production capacity by 2030, which is expected to produce an additional 5.1 million tons of wine annually and 13.44 million tons of wine, which will be effective in raising the capacity of the wine production and storage. This expansion will be not only a quest for scale, but also an addition to quality.
With brand ownership, competitiveness upgrading, the company’s capacity to produce and produce directly contributes to a higher-quality development of wine.3 The new chairman, Yuan, has a strong year in which brand values were raised as a primary goal in 2022, and has taken the lead in promoting a higher-quality development of wine, with Yuan’s “Four Focuses” and “Four Persistences” being explicitly proposed.
The company’s branding speeds up release and national expansions are on track, and it is expected that 1. Shanxi wine (608009): the opening of the door will be on schedule.
2. Shanxi Liquor (60809). 3. Shanxi Liquor (60809): Growth continues.
No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.