In 2021, after preliminary accounting by the company, the company achieved a gross operating income of $19,971 million, which was equal to the increase in the 21q4 active hand-in-hand and 22q1 on schedule.
Billings, affected by the downtime in provincial logistics, are currently around 7 per cent in April and are not being delivered. We predict that the company ' s high revenue in March was largely due to the accelerated pace of billing, the overall momentum for sales was good, the chandeliers were driving up the structure and the profit margins. In 2022, the company ' s quality requirements for growth were accelerated.
\triangleright is even higher, with a reduction in the botanium quota under the product strategy of "crowding flowers, strong waist, and steady bovine." We expect that 22q1 line income will be about 45-50%.
According to the feedback from sources, the revival has been raised since 1 March, with an increase of $80 to $929 in the province, an increase of $100 out of the province, and the firm’s demand for distributors for goods of no less than $969, with higher claims for prices and lower season price stability.
In line with the medium- and long-term development strategy and the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company plans to invest $9,102 million in the construction of 51 million tons of original wine production and 1,344 million tons of original wine storage, to enhance quality assurance and competitiveness, and to contribute to the goal of “one in three days”.
Shanxi Liquor (600809). Brand revival, a major strategic development period for companies, will be a top goal in 2022 to upgrade brand values to a better structure, better efficiency and better quality.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
In Shenzhen City, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and macros.
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, the country entered the post with a sales + research experience, a focus on the industry and its shareholdings, an in-depth study and follow-up of sections such as white wine, leisure food, spices, frozen foods, etc., with an emphasis on valuation components that are not, or are not, relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.