The Sini Sanctuary is a superb performance of 2022q1 in 2021.
The company released its main financial data for 2021 and its major operations for the first quarter of 2022. In 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $19,971 million, an increase of 42.75 per cent over the same period; and, for the first single quarter, the return of the company broke by $10 billion, q1 of which was higher than expected.
The current operating income was $19,971 million, an increase of 42.75 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $5,313 million for the mother, a 72,56 per cent increase over the same period, close to the forecast median. In the first quarter of 2022, a steady monthly growth in total business was expected.
Under this heading, more resources are being invested in the Saffron series by reducing the Bolivia quota, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Overall, low-end growth is steady, waist products are growing, high-end production is expanding the former wine storage capacity, and protecting the medium- and long-term development.
Around the corner (including the main factory area + the rental liquor industry), as the product structure of the company continues to be optimized, demand for high-quality production capacity is increasing, and in line with the medium- and long-term development strategy for the wine and the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company plans to invest $9.102 billion in the construction of 5.1 million tons of original wine production capacity and 13.44 million tons of original wine.
As the project is completed, it will effectively boost the production and storage capacity of rum, and this expansion will not only be a quest for scale, but also a build-up of quality, brand ownership, competitiveness upgrading, and the capacity of companies to produce alcohol will also contribute directly to the development of quality alcohol.
The Saffron series continues to be active, focusing on four improvements in the future. The Saffron series grew dramatically in January-3 months in 2022, and the Saffron is a necessary option for future development and is expected to continue. Three indicators were identified at the 2021 Distributors Conference to measure the development of Saffron: Saffron sales, end of 20th.
End-of-the-life indicators, Saffron Leaders' Guide indicators, testing of areas, and leading distributors to focus on resources on the Saffron. Over the next three years, this will be a major strategic development period, 2022 Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The year will be crucial, and companies will focus on the optimization of market structures and high-quality development of alcohol. The target of high-end + nationalization of corporate products in the medium to long term will be achieved in 2022.
\triangleright level, scale effects highlighted and management performance optimized, profits increased at a faster rate than income, risks of an epidemic exceeding expectations, out-of-mission expansion falling short of expectations, macroeconomic risks
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.