Food drinks, white wine, wine: over-predicted, glamour-led structure, 72.56 per cent, equal to previous performance forecast, income for four quarters alone, net profit return to the mother.
By the way, sales are opened and revenue profits are higher than expected. q4 actively controls the rhythm, which is due to be opened in 22 years. The company’s performance of revenue profits in the single fourth quarter is related to the proactive control of market rhythms that began in the second half of last year, the overall sales festival of last year.
It's going to be like this, it's going over schedule, it's going through four quarters, it's going through a proper market rhythm, it's going to be sorted out, it's going to be focused on consumer growth, it's going to be announced, it's going to be on the run, it's going to be on the run, it's going to be on the run, and by the end of 2021, it's going to be on the bottom, it's going on the price.
The best, the dealer's profit and motivation, and the best market order ever.
Revenues and profits at a high base have continued to grow for 21 years. Shanxi wine (60809), the Shanxi wines, the blue flower-leading structure continues to move up, with a single quarter net interest rate at an all-time high.
(600809.sh) Quarterly Review: Refunds Tables: Accompanied flowers, raised flower ratios, high sales and 20-channel size indicators, excellent performance, quarterly tax fluctuations affecting profits
From the sales team to the end of the channel, the main focus of the distributors is on the recovery version. According to feedback from the channel, a quarter of the year was marked by the Shanxi Liquor (60809).
Saffrons are growing faster, and the whole chain of control is smoother and the waist products are more efficient, more structured and more cost-effective.
In addition, the high-line product #40 has started to sell the platform business model.
Selling, playing a good strategic price stick, and exploring non-species, such as Qinghua. The quarterly reports have outperformed their expectations, and the arrays of flowered products have improved, with their respective price belts, favouring a recovery version of the sales table.
Accelerating nationalization - 2021/04/27 A seamless interface of personnel, upgrading of marketing systems, incentives for change, digital transformation of companies to guarantee long-term development strategies.
To understand the industry, to recognize the achievements and contributions of the existing team, and to ensure that there is a seamless connection between personnel. Yuan's Director's curriculum vitae shows that the Shanxi government has increased its support for the company, bringing it up to a higher strategic level.
Better structure, better quality, and we expect this year to be expected in terms of both income and profits. Marketing system reform as an entry point for the first round of reforms, with several rounds of upgrades, 17-18 years of reform and restructuring of the National Finance Committee, and 18-19 years of optimising up to 2.0.
The first stage of the equity incentive was to stimulate the dynamism of the core workforce, with significant effects, and the second phase of the stimulus reform, at the current stage of corporate development, will be implemented in more ways and in a more holistic way, from a more systemic and systematic combat capability. The digital transformation is progressing steadily, and information is now being built.
It is an objective fact that the end demand is affected in the recurrent context of the epidemic, but it is now white and wine consumption in the light season, with a smooth channel mentality, and companies aware of the need to pre-empt and control the pace of market repayments.
So we think that, as the epidemic improves in the future, the consumption scene recovers.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.