Airfields Rapid cost growth, investment returns contribution performance Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Corporate fundamentals (RMK) Transfer of Eastern Air logistics, resulting in positive growth in investment yield support performance: Eastern Airlines completed a 100 per cent transfer of East Air Logistics in the first half of 2017, yielding investment returns of $1.75 billion, resulting in a net return to the mother.
However, the net profit earned by the company was only $2.28 billion, a 21.7 per cent decline in the same year, and the international ask peaks, with the domestic climate rising: in the first half of 2017, 583 aircraft owned by Orient Airlines, representing a net increase of 11 since the end of 2016.
In the first half of the year, the company ask grew by 9.6 per cent (8.7 per cent at home, international 1. A slight increase in the guest rate, and an improvement in the exchange rate - 32.4 per cent at the same time).
The same 1.14% increase in passenger kilometre earnings. However, the high drop in the international line over the past two years still needs to be digested, with the passenger seating rate rising slightly, with a similar rate of 1.85 pts in the east and 5.36% in passenger kilometre returns.
In the first half of the year, the rate of growth in Eastern aviation slowed. The cost of fuel combustion and landing costs increased, and the exchange rate gains performed well: in the first half of 2017, company costs increased by 38.2 per cent compared to average oil prices, and the cost of Eastern aviation fuel reached $12.14 billion, a year-on-year increase.
45.2%; 2) subject to adjustment of domestic airport fees, the landing and landing fees of $6.43 billion, plus depreciation of 13.4% over the same period, but due to the appreciation of the renminbi, the company holds the equivalent yuan, the company’s head of the triangular economy belt, and will take over 40% of the Beijing II airport base, with rich airline resources.
Potentials; transfer of Eastern Air Logistics, focusing on passenger transport business development; and strategic integration of Dato's Air and Portfolio, in close cooperation with several international aviation companies, to help companies to make international markets work, layout air + Sobong
The impact of macroeconomic downturns, high oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, outbreaks of disease and severe weather events.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.