- Shanghai Group (600018) Growth of imports and exports, steady growth of corporate port ownership, a moderate recovery in the world economy since 2017, continued growth of foreign trade imports and exports, and a steady flow of container throughput
In 2017, the company, the largest port joint-stock company in the country, completed a total of 40.23 million containerized containers, an increase of 8.35 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in the highest volume of container traffic worldwide; completed transport.
561 million tons of cargo throughput, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period; company container throughput since 2018 has continued to grow, with container throughput at the parent port of the company increasing by 3.76 per cent in one quarter, and cargo imports and exports, as well as the planning and establishment of the Shanghai port of self-trade, which will further benefit international trade flows with the Pacific Ocean.
By 2020, Shanghai Mother Port is expected to achieve the target of approximately 42 million Teu and more than 50 per cent of the water transit ratio for containers as set out in the 13th Five-Year Development Plan.
Real estate + financial diversity, expansion of profits, company diversity in real estate, finance, etc., with significant return on investment, non-recurrent company days in 2017, company equity in 4.13% of the holdings of the Postal Bank converted to long-term equity investment, first quarter of 2018
The Postal Bank realizes a net return of $16.505 billion to the mother, adding $682 million in investment earnings to the company, which is the main increase in profits from the cloud. The company also holds 6.48% of the shares of the Shanghai Bank, and a quarter of the Shanghai Bank.
Real estate projects have been steadily moving forward, with free trade ports being the first to benefit.
For the first time, the company's main port operations were affected by the warming of imports and exports, with sustained growth in performance, and increased profits from the financial, real estate diversification and diversification of its operations. In 2017, the company's non-recurring earnings were high, and the net profits attributable to the parent company in 2018 could be low.
At 28 West Side Street, Beijing, Hengsheng Building, 1000 East Side Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-free trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
1. The largest port joint-stock enterprise in the country, which runs the world ' s first-largest port of 1.1 containers, and the largest port joint-stock enterprise in the country, Shanghai International Ports (Governance) Ltd., is a public terminal operator in Shanghai, 2006.
On 26th, the company was listed as the country’s first port-based joint-stock company. The Shanghai State Board is the company’s largest shareholder, holding 31.36% of the shares directly. The company has 12 branches and three internal institutions in the Shanghai region and 29 second-tier (full-owned and controlled) subsidiaries and 14 participating enterprises.
The company is the largest port joint-stock enterprise in the country and is a comprehensive port with the world’s largest cargo throughput and container throughput.
Cargo terminal operations, port logistics operations and port service operations have now formed a chain of port logistics industries, including terminal handling, warehousing, shipping, land transportation, agency services. Companies have opened liner routes across the globe across the Americas, Europe, Australia, Africa, and North-East and South-East Asia.
More than 300 containers have a monthly flight density of more than 2,700. The world’s top 20 home-based out-ship companies have all been deployed in Shanghai, and more than 80 foreign shipping companies have established subsidiaries or offices in Shanghai.
The co-ordinated development of ports, shipping, logistics has increased the concentration and radiation of the group in the Yangtze basin, including the handling, storage, distribution, transit and custody of internal and external trade containers.
By providing container terminals, fast water and on-shore container shuttle services, the port areas of Yooshan, Outer High Bridge, Wu Xing and Wu Xuan are located in three main ports.
The three main port areas will be integrated, including bulk and bulk handling, storage and handling of bulk cargo and general stores.
Storage, distribution, transit and custody operations, mainly located in the three main port areas of Lojong, Wu Xiao and Yong Wu, which form a logistics service network for the hub.
Covers international freight forwarders, ship agents, warehousing, port logistics, road transport, domestic multimodal transport, major items
All-round logistics operations such as freight forwarding, container washing, logistics management software development, including piloting services, towing services, cargo handling services, ports
Support to secure containers, bulk goods, logistics, etc.
According to preliminary statistics published by the Ministry of Transport, in 2017, cargo in ports of national size and above was infestation.
Delivery of 12,64 billion tons, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 3.2 percentage points over the previous year, including 8,63 million tons in ports along the sea, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same year; and container throughput in ports above the national scale, an increase of 240 million boxes, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period, with coastal ports completing 210 million boxes, an increase of the same year.
7.7 per cent, up 4.3 percentage points from the previous year, which is nearly five years old. Meanwhile, the combined price index for all routes has risen globally in recent years.
In 2010, the world was ranked first in eight consecutive years, with the main business target being the highest in the industry. In 2017, 561 million tons of cargo through the upper port group ' s parent port, representing an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the previous year, the bulk cargo through the port was 164 million tons, an increase of 11.4 per cent.
Of this 8.3 per cent increase, the Seamount Port area completed 16,652,000 standard containers of container throughput, an increase of 6.0 per cent, representing 41.1 per cent of container throughput across the port.
Income was $36,467 million, an increase of 19.90 per cent. On the basis of rapid growth in operating income and effective cost control, the net profit attributable to the parent company was realized at $11,536 million, breaking 10 billion for the first time.
The main hub of North-East Asia’s economy has been established, and the role of the main force in the construction of the Shanghai International Shipping Centre has been further strengthened, making it an important force in the construction of the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone. As an important node in the twenty-first century where the sea Silk Road and the Yangtze economic belt are linked, the Shanghai Harbour will become safer, safer and safer.
An easy and efficient logistics path for foreign trade, steady growth, leading the long triangle, leading the Yangtze River basin, and radiating the nation's “tone” head. Companies write a new chapter in innovation development, focusing on the significant upgrading of hubs and service performance through technological innovation, management innovation and service innovation.
At the same time, the implementation of the “one-way” strategy, in particular the Sea Silk Road, has opened up more opportunities for the development of the Department. The port has access to 206 countries and territories around the world, with more than 600 direct ports.
Port routes, with more than 1400 international flights per month, are the most dense ports in the world. The Silk Road, from its full distribution, is the region with the highest density of routes across the upper ports, covering routes from Asia to Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and South-East Asia.
A clear division of labour at the container terminal has now formed a strategic layout for the three main port areas of Wu Xiang, Outer High Bridge, and Yoyama. The company is based mainly on shipping routes and ship-based docking arrangements, with larger Euro-American shipping routes taking water compared to water.
Deep ocean port mooring, operated by two subsidiaries, Crowndong and Shengdong; central ocean routes, such as Japan and Australia, as well as a small number of inland trade routes, are scheduled to operate at the outlying high-bridge docks, operated by Pudong, Jindong, Jidong, Ming Dong Pier Corporation; and the old docks, such as Zhang Huatung, Military Industrial Road and Baosan, operate mainly in-house containers.
In December 10, 2017, the four-stage Automated Code was officially launched, and the container throughput of the company in 2018 will again be the largest automated container terminal in the world, with the first automated handling of the container using the technology.
The Earth has increased energy efficiency, the core technology of the docks is entirely autonomously developed, and future development can be sustained. The four-stage shore line is the shortest, the smallest, but the most effective.
The gap between the capacity of 9.3 million teus and the actual pass volume of 1.61 million teus a year. Given the current state of efficient operation in the upper port and economic warming, we expect to bring about a 10% increase in container performance for the company.
The wharfs will further consolidate the status of Shanghai as the world’s largest port. In the light of the current state and trends of shipping development, tensions between the overcapacity of ships in the entire shipping market remain prominent, and the international shipping market remains depressed.
The scenes have continued to pick up, excess supply has been contained, and liner companies have generally improved their performance, but the international shipping market has generally remained depressed for a long period of time. The trend towards large container ships and unionization has continued, liner mergers have become more frequent, and the concentration of the bulk market has increased further, late 2017.
2m+hmm, oceanalliance, the three major alliances of Europe and the United States of America, with 99% and 91% respectively, will have long-term and far-reaching implications for ports, further upgrading of the capacity, efficiency and quality of terminal services, further optimization of resource allocation, reduction of the combined cost of ports, etc.
The increased demands are increasing the importance of continuously upgrading the status and role of international container hub ports. Table 7. The shipping market has gradually moved towards concentration in recent years, benefiting directly from the delimitation of the Shanghai Free Trade Area and the Freeport.
China ' s (Shanghai) Free Trade Area, known as the Shanghai Free Trade Area or the Shanghai Free Trade Area, is a regional free trade park established by the Chinese Government in Shanghai. It is located in the territory of Pudong and falls within the scope of the Free Trade Area of China. On 29 September 2013, China ' s (Shanghai) Free Trade Area was officially established, covering 28.78 square metres.
On December 28, 2014, the Standing Committee of the National People ' s Congress authorized the State Council to extend the China (Shanghai) free trade pilot zone to cover four special customs control areas, namely, the Shanghai and Shanghai high-bridge bonded logistics parks, the Yoosan bonded port areas and the Shanghai airport comprehensive bonded areas.
120.72 square kilometres. The Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Area covers seven regions of Shanghai ' s Shanghai-based Takahashi Bonded Area, the Outer High Bridge Bonded Logistics Park, the Ocean Hill Bonded Port Area and the Shanghai East Airport Integrated Bonded Area, the Golden Bridge Export Processing Zone, the Zhang Gang High Technology Park and the Land-Dobbed Financial Trading Area.
Figure 8: Bonded areas: the regulatory model within the national customs border. The self-trade zone was built on the basis of the special customs regulatory area, which combines the various functions of the special customs regulatory area: insurance, warehousing, logistics, transit, display, etc. The difference is that innovation in the self-trade zone is based on the special customs regulatory area.
Customs control procedures can be simplified “off-shore” and customs duties can be accompanied by further preferential measures to facilitate the flow of goods. On the basis of off-bound facilities, the basic regulatory requirements of “one-line open, two-line efficient control and free movement of goods within the zone” are set out, with “one-line” indicators.
Trade facilitation, investment liberalization, and the internationalization of gold in the free-trade zone. Trade in goods within the free-trade zone is duty-free, intraregional trade is tax free, tax preferences are applied to consummated imports, and the speed and ease of customs clearance are greatly increased, and pre-positioning is advanced.
The objective of financial internationalization is to move towards offshore financial centres. These measures greatly facilitate trade liberalization.
At the time of the 19th Conference of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and the Secretary of the Shanghai City Commission, in 2017, Han had a three-step review of the development of the Shanghai Free Trade Area: the Shanghai Free Trade Zone was suspended in September 2013.
Version 1.0; Central approval of the programme to deepen the free trade pilot zone in 2015, version 2.0; Central deep restructuring, May 2017, formal approval of the programme to reform and open the Shanghai pilot zone to fully deepen the Shanghai pilot zone, version 3.0. Shanghai free trade pilot zone will have a significant accumulation effect, especially by sea.
All container terminals and bulk terminals in the port are currently the largest integrated terminal operators in the port, and the company's main business is dock handling and port logistics services, and most of the cargoes in and out of Shanghai pass through the Shanghai Group platform. So, the expected volume of trade from the Shanghai Free Trade Zone is dominated by the Shanghai Port Group.
Table 8. Shanghai Free Trade Policy, China (Shanghai), which promotes the development of transit consolidation operations, allows China’s capital companies to own or hold non-five-star flag ships.
The general programme of the pilot zone involves first testing of foreign trade import and export containers along the coast between the coastal and upper seaports of the country, using the tax concessions for Chinese-owned “flags of convenience” vessels, and promoting the settlement of eligible ships in Shanghai, China (Shanghai) free trade and greater openness in areas such as finance, shipping and commerce.
Measures to further expand and open up pilot areas State Department on the promotion of innovation in the system of customs control in China: the system of customs control for futures insurance payments, maintenance of customs control in and out of the country
The pilot zone could replicate reforms to further deepen China (up-scaling of international transit pooling operations to enable the collection of taxed port areas in Yoyama and offshore high-bridge bonded logistics parks).
Table 9. Shanghai Free Trade Area vs. Hong Kong/Singapore. Unrestricted/transit only in the area of production and circulation
The free trade of one trade is exempt, exports are subject to policy refunds, free access to consumer areas/free ports, with the exception of tobacco and alcohol, cosmetics and automobiles, imports of related products are subject to tax concessions, and the rest of the estates are exempt from all taxes, which are taxed selectively by producers in the region.
The first is a free-traded system of entry. The government operates public services such as airports, postal services, roads, ports, etc., and the negative list model for contraband such as drugs, weapons, 122 negative lists.
The second is the low entry threshold and low operating capital requirements.
A true offshore financial centre: currency convertibility, free movement of funds, financial facilitation and the emergence of offshore finance in a form of internal and external isolation.
2 Finance + Real Estate, with a large number of flowers, in addition to the main business in the port, the company also actively arranges for a variety of financial, real estate and other operations.
With regard to financial operations, the company’s financial industry was laid out earlier, and in 2009 the company began to lay out Shanghai Bank, where the former company held 6.48% of the shares, for which the company was the second largest shareholder. In September 2016, the company’s subsidiary, Shanghai Group (Hong Kong) Limited, participated as a cornerstone investor in China’s postal savings.
(a) The first public release of the h shares of Bank Holdings Ltd., for which 33.50 billion shares of the Postal Bank (K$ 4.76 per stock) were subscribed at HK$1,944 million, with a 4.13 per cent shareholding as its fourth largest shareholder;
The Postal Bank, the leading retail bank in China, is located in the service of the community, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), services to the “three farmers” and has nearly 40,000 outlets, services to more than 500 million individual clients, and has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential. The Postal Bank operates.
In recent years, the net profits of the Postal Bank began commercialization of some ports. By the end of 2016, four large estate projects had been developed, leaving an area of 1.48 million square metres to be developed, and four property project companies had an equity valuation.
The main reasons for the commercial development of the port are the lack of navigational conditions in the Huang Pu River, and the fact that the Hoang River has become the centre of Shanghai and is not suitable for large-scale dock project operations.
The pre-construction work has been largely completed, and the 55 Seagate Road is progressing as expected. 2.2 Platforms are being built, with many openings, and companies are making constant efforts to build platforms.
The efficiency and level of client service has been greatly enhanced by the maintenance of heavy boxes, empty boxes, etc., with an increasing registration and appointment rate; steady progress in the development of the Operations Processing Centre, which has been expanded to over 60 per cent of the online intake rate; and the accumulation of priority projects such as the Cold Chain Logistics Centre, the Empty Box Service Centre, the Crack Centre, etc.
At the same time, the company is actively pursuing the Yangtze strategy and the internationalization strategy to further its geographical excellence. It is also actively promoting projects such as Quinoshan, Hunan City mausoleum, Changsha Consung, Nanjing, and Eibin, which have further optimized the organization of its investments in the Yangtze basin, expanding cooperation and development with the ports along the Yangtze River.
Space, Israel’s New Port Haifa project basically forms an engineering design programme. In addition, companies are consolidating the development of ports, properties, freight, etc. through investment in holdings, etc.
Main business: The reason for the significant increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company in 2017 was that the company ' s non-recurring profits and losses increased from $838 million in 2016 to $5,574 million in 2017. If the non-recurring gains and losses are not taken into account, the company realizes a net profit of $6.36 billion on the non-represent shareholders in the parent company, which is an increase.
Upwards, with the four years of production in Yooyama, the company will continue to grow faster, leading to the continuation of the main business. On the financial front: the net profits of the reserve bank as shareholders in its parent company rose from $29,668 million in 2013 and the total investment returns from the deposit bank and Shanghai Bank amounted to approximately $2.4 billion to $3 billion.
Real estate: Based on real building prices and company development progress, the project is expected to contribute a net profit of around 100 million. The closing schedule for 2019 and 2020 was 30 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, of the unsold projects. As the Long Beach project reaches its peak, the profits from the Outer Beach project are gradually released, and the company ' s property plate will continue to yield.
The companype valuation method is 21 times the average of the company pe (ttm). For the financial plate, it can be calculated on the basis of the general free cash flow discount valuation method, since the company ' s earnings in the financial plate are mainly the result of the company ' s annual investment returns to the reserve bank and Shanghai bank as a result of the company ' s equity gains.
The rate of growth is about 10% and 7.5% per year, respectively, depending on the return on investment by companies in the Reserve Bank and the Shanghai Bank. The port sector is the basic sector of the national economy, and the level of development of the entire sector is closely linked to the development of the national economy.
Developments in trade have important implications for the development of the port industry, and regional competition in ports is moving towards large ships in the light of developments and trends in the global economy, trade and shipping.
The role of international container hubs is becoming increasingly important in the direction of globalization, business unionization, and transport backbone development. In North-East Asia, where companies are located, the main competitive ports are now based on North-East Asia’s “medium-minded” status, and active expansion of production capacity has led to intense competition in the region’s hub status.
Natural conditions in ports deteriorate, meteorological, hydrologic, geological, etc., which will have an impact on the normal operation of ports. Upper seaports, owing to the subtropical monsoon climate zone, severe weather conditions such as typhoons and tropical storms may affect ships entering and leaving ports.
The law, using legally compliant information, provides an independent and objective presentation of this report. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.