Uptown Port Group: Benefits to national strategic owners, significant carry-over profits from real estate entry, national strategy for beneficial use, active development of international shipping centres at upper seaports
Shanghai is the focal point for a series of national strategies, such as the "one-way country", the "Gang River Economic Zone" and the Shanghai Free Trade Area.
The “13th Five” period, which is the stage of the construction of an international shipping centre in Shanghai, is now at the stage of the study of free trade ports, which, as key players in a range of strategies, will fully benefit from the national strategy.
Year-on-year breakthroughs: containers in the mother port have passed the 40 million teu threshold, reaching 40.23 million teu, an increase of 8.35 per cent in the same year; goods have reached 560.87 million tons, an increase of 9.11 per cent in the same year; both have reached a new high since 2012; water transit ratio has reached 46.5 per cent.
The port of embarkation is expected to reach the target of approximately 42 million tons of container throughput and more than 50 per cent of the water transit rate set out in the 13th Five-Year Development Plan in Shanghai by 2020.
Most of the existing marinas in the company’s parent port were built by 2010, and after that, there will be only six out-of-air bridges. With increased shipping demand, the company’s capacity is close to the upper limit, making it difficult to keep up with development needs.
The Long Beach project has reached a peak of 6.3 million teu/year, with a profit margin significantly higher than the industry average.
During the year, the company will continue to promote the sale of lots 6 and 7.
The key assumption is (1) that container throughput will increase by 8.35 per cent in 2017, and we expect that, after four test runs in Ocean Hills, container throughput will increase more rapidly in 2018 and will slow as the base for container throughput rises;
(2) Large merchandise transactions are increasing or will slow down, which has caused a drop in bulk throughput; (3) the Long Beach project is entering the settlement peak period, and we expect the balance to remain unsold for the period 2018-2020, respectively.
672x, industry average pe (ttm) 35x, median 34x, shows that companies now have a significant valuation advantage. (1) Upper seaports are the most important ports in the country, and regional advantages fully benefit from the country's major strategic policies. “XIX” proposes the concept of a free trade port, and Shanghai, our first free trade area, is currently preparing a free trade.
The port construction programme is highly likely to be a pioneer. The port of embarkation will benefit first. (2) The company’s main business is more risk-resistant, and even in times of depressed shipping, the port’s main business is driven by economic demand, and is steadily developing through its layout along the Yangtze River.
(c) Through diversification strategies, companies are making more and more investments in real estate, finance, and so on. Longer port renovations, free trade port policy in Shanghai, and long beach project number 7, opening up for sale. The trade war has escalated, foreign trade has declined significantly, and port container and cargo throughput has declined significantly:
The Shanghai Group, a public terminal operator at the Shanghai Port, was transformed into a major specialized group enterprise in January 2003. In June 2005, the Shanghai Group was transformed into an integrated joint-stock company, 2006.
On 26 October of that year, it was listed as the country’s first-ever port-stock company, currently the largest port-type company in the country’s large land and land regions, and one of the largest port companies in the world. The company actually controls the Shanghai National Finance Commission, with 44.38 per cent of the direct and indirect shares in the Shanghai National Finance Commission.
Since the company’s listing, it has maintained steady and orderly growth, based on unique geographical conditions and policy dividends. Even in a generally depressed global shipping environment, the company has been actively developing, through diversification strategies, multiple sections of finance, real estate, etc., in tandem with port shipping.
The company is mainly involved in port-related operations, which are divided into container block, bulk block, port logistics block and port service block. The company operates in a manner that provides port and related services to its customers and collects the port ' s business packages, storage fees and other port charges.
The company owns all the container terminals and bulkier public terminals at the seaport. As an exit point for the entire Yangtze basin, the port relies on the economic growth of our economy, particularly in the interiors along the river, which accounts for nearly 20% of the total container traffic on our coast.
First, cargo throughput is second only to Ningpo-Change Port. To date, Shanghai has established containerized cargo trade with more than 500 ports in 214 countries and territories around the world, with more than 80 international routes. There are 45,000 collections of containers moving around here every day.
Coastal port container throughput II. The revival of the shipping industry, leading to a breakthrough in the port master industry (i) a national strategy to keep pace with historical opportunities and key strategic implementers of the International Shipping Centre at Sea
Shanghai is the centre of our coastline and also the gateway to the Yangtze River, and naturally has a very superior geographical position in the development of port shipping. At the same time, Shanghai serves as the centre of our gold, and has two major policy dividends for the Shanghai Free Trade Zone and the Yangtze Economic Zone, with the Yangtze Delta and Yangtze in its direction.
The provinces along the route, as the hinterland of the economy, can be irradiated throughout the country, providing a powerful boost to the development of trade in their ports. But, first and foremost, the rise of our economy and its growing importance in globalization can be attributed to the fact that the ports of entry are the largest international container ports.
Figure 10: Our gdp and contribution to the growth of the world economy, our import and export volumes and the same rate of increase, in order to make full use of the resources of the Yangtze Basin shipping, have been implementing the Yangtze Strategy since 2002 at the Shanghai seaport.
The Division has strengthened synergies with the development of shipping along the Yangtze basin through various forms of control, participation, strategic cooperation, etc., including docks, shipping, and logistics operations. At present, companies are already operating in various locations such as Chongqing, Changsha, Nanjing, Jiangyang, etc. In times of low shipping, it is the Yangtze route that plays a key role, leading to an increase in the proportion of water transit between companies.
In July 2017, in follow-up to the country's major strategic deployment for the economic development of the Yangtze River, further deepening the Yangtze Strategy, the company led 14 shipping companies to launch the Yangtze Economic Belt Shipping Alliance, which is composed of nine port companies and five shipping companies aimed at strengthening regional port information integration, cargo shipping, shipping standardization,
Exchanges of cooperation in the areas of green ports and the construction of shipping systems and the maintenance of an orderly and stable development of the shipping market.2 Shanghai International Shipping Centre Shanghai, with its special geographical and economic financial status, has been the vanguard of our reform and development.
In the month, the State Department issued the Opinion on the Construction of International Financial Centres and International Shipping Centers for the Accelerated Development of Modern Services and Advanced Manufacturing in Shanghai (NDA No. [2009] 19) and officially proposed the creation of the “Four Centres” in Shanghai - the International Economic Centre, the International Financial Centre, the International Trade Centre, the International Shipping Centre. To build the International Shipping Centre, Shanghai
In accordance with the Shanghai Plan for the Construction of the International Shipping Centre during the “13th Five-Year Plan, by 2020, a high concentration of shipping resources, a sound shipping service, and a well-functioning shipping service.
By the end of the “12th Five-Five” the company's parent port achieves container throughput.
Thirty-six hundred and thirty-seven thousand teus, or 45% of container water transit. By 2017, the two figures had risen to forty-three thousand teus and 46.5% respectively. With the four openings of the Ocean Hills, it is highly likely that the target of 42 million teu and more than 50% of water transit will be achieved by 2020.
The successful convening of the “nineteenth” free trade port marks the beginning of a new era in our economic development. The “nineteenth” report proposes “to give greater autonomy to the free trade pilot zone for reform and to explore the creation of a free trade port”.
The free trade port will be the highest global standard, based on Singapore’s and Hong Kong’s experience, to free trade, open services, and expand offshore trade and financial services. Once Shanghai’s free trade port policy is in place, it will greatly enhance the competitiveness of ports of entry and facilitate more port access.
Global trade needs will further enhance its international standing as the world’s largest container port. Whether it’s a succession economic belt strategy or a “one-way” strategy, the benefits will be greater. (ii) Global shipping will be at the bottom and warmer.
As the global economy stabilizes, shipping markets are showing signs of a bottom-up after years of depression. The global economy, after years of less than 3% growth, is expected to break out in 2017.
Within, the balance of power supply and demand may change with increased shipping demand. Thus, while the bdi index has been below 1,500 points for most of the time since 2012, bdi has been out of the upward trend since 2016. Similarly, ccfi
The global container capacity (teu) increases (iii) the four stages of production and bankruptcy in the Ocean Hills, the company container terminal is located mainly in the three main ports of Yoyama, Takahashi, Wu.
Container operations, the outer high-bridge port area, are mainly oriented towards the source of the interior of foreign trade, while the deep-water port area of Ocean Hill is dominated by the demand for foreign trade. There are 46 container berths, 155 container hangbridges, 463 tires at the site, and a total of 6.34 million square metres at the container yard.
The company’s existing docks are mainly completed by 2010, and after 2010, the docks have been launched only six times, with limited additional capacity. As the mother port is growing toll, capacity constraints have become the main bottleneck for future upgrades in the company’s port operations. Companies have for a long time improved their management efficiency through the upgrading of equipment and technology.
With 15 metres of deep water, the Ocean Hills Port area is one of the world’s largest and most underwater ports. In January, the company was entrusted with the management of Ocean Hills for four periods, and paid 500 million yuan in the performance bond entrusted to the same group.
Ocean Hill four dock lines are 2770 metres long, and it is proposed to build up 5 50,000- and 2 70,000-grade containers with a capacity to browse on 10,000-teu/year. Later on, the scale continued to expand, with 26 shore bridges, about 120 orbital suspensions and more than 130 agvs in operation, amounting to 6.3 million teu/year.
Actors, and companies will adjust their routes as needed to provide a basis for future needs for better transport capacity. (iii) Increase the proportion of water transit and consolidate the status of the international shipping centre Water transit is an important indicator of the position of a port in world shipping.
The proportion rose from 42.8% in 2012 to 46.5% in 2016. There is still much room for improvement in the water transit ratio of the company’s parent ports, compared to competitors like Busan and Port Singapore.
Increased revenue from loading and unloading services.
In order to implement a diversified development strategy, companies have been increasingly investing in property, finance, platform building, and investment returns have increased in recent years. According to the company’s annual report, by 2015, the company’s income from other major businesses was lower, contributing to the company’s total revenue.
In 2015, revenue growth at the Shanghai Football Club and the Shanghai International Passenger Transport Centre was strong, but the net profit was still positive