The net profit of the São Paulo stock (300,661) is $41 million, an increase of 26.01% over the same year. The rise in net profit is due to the company’s active expansion and increased product sales.
The simulating chip industry, because of its attributes of “market size, cyclicality and low national productivity”, offers many natural advantages for companies to grow over the long term: the simulation chip market, which is US$ 54.5 billion worldwide for 17 years, is a global “manufacturing plant” in China, which owns nearly two thirds of the global simulator.
As information age “foods” are simulated, downstream terminals will explode at a long-term high rate. Most US-based microchip developers are abroad, communicate with downstream customers at high cost and inefficiency, and all company R&D personnel are in the country and can provide a more timely and efficient response to downstream customers.
Unlike cyclically strong digital chips, simulation chips have natural anticyclical properties, and St. John's performance as a simulation chip company is very strong, although China's simulation chip market is close to 200 billion yuan in size, its national production rate is less than 1%, and the company, as the leader of a simulation chip in China, has great potential for future development.
Companies continue to increase their R & D investment, and their R & D share is at an all-time high: for analog chip companies, the future growth of companies depends on the expansion of the number of products, and only with more and more product lines can they compete in the future in a way that is neutral and undefeated. In response to this objective, companies have increased their R & D investment since they were listed, with R & D taking up a much higher share of innovation than ever before, and companies have reported in their semi-annual 2018 R & D investment at 15.95%.
In 2017, R & D investment accounted for 13.51 per cent, or 49.08 per cent more than in 2017; R & D investment in the State of St. Helena grew at a much higher rate than its American rivals, with the Texas instrument reporting only 9.5 per cent of its R & D investment in 2018.
Because of the low price, the initial R & D layout of the simulation company is particularly important, and only companies with sufficiently wide technology paths can be left to the future. As the only companies with a share in the technology’s two technological orientations, i.e., the signal glycerine and power management, the company has an “external effect” on the home-grown model R & D team.
In addition to the company’s acquisition of Dalian alpha in the first half of the year, and the expansion of its home-grown research and development team, the company has continued its tradition since its inception, actively attracting in-country and out-of-country microchip simulators. Since its listing, the company has become more attractive to overseas models, and many experienced overseas simulators have joined the State, further expanding the company’s research and development capabilities.
Combined with these three advantages, we strongly recommend São Bong shares. Companies are expected to earn 693 million yuan, 900 million yuan and 1,171 million yuan from 2018 to 2020.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing for the research assistant Liu Huixia
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.