The company issued an announcement on the state of production operations, and since 2018 the company has properly increased the price of Mautai wine products by an average of 18% to the right. The company aims to achieve an increase in gross operating income of more than 10% in 2018.
In 2017, the company produced about 4.27 million tons of knobs, an increase of 9 per cent compared to the previous year; the expected increase in the sales of knobs is still low. In 2016, the gross proceeds of white liquor listed companies and the combined revenues of the country ' s white wine industry are still low.
The share is about 19.6%, of which cr3 is about 13%, of which the shares of Guotai, 5 grain fluids and ocean river are about 6.6%, 4% and 2.8% respectively. The patterns of white wine competition and market concentration vary from one class to another. High-end and sub-high-end white wine is largely dominated by oligopolistic and monopolistic patterns, with a higher concentration of dominant brands markets, with a higher share in the high-end white wine market in 2016.
Compared with international brands, our brand concentration in the white industry is still much higher. The world’s first-breeding diageo and second-breeding group, Pernodricard, account for 27% and 17%, respectively, of the global market for high-end liquor, and the global cr5 is over 60%.
Mao Dai, as a brand name, is expected to increase brand concentration in the future. As revenue continues to rise, consumption upgrades, and dominant firms accelerate their mergers and acquisitions, the market concentration of dominant brands will rise.
The model, which currently has a complete product structure, consists mainly of kowtow liquor (about 95% of the income), a series of wines (Kyoto Prince Mao, Moutao and Lyk) and the formation of three series of more than 70 specifications: low, low high school, and extreme. The distribution system is well developed, and by the end of the third quarter of 2017, the company owns 3069 distributors, and the channels are profitable. The company is expected to increase brand concentration in the future.
With strong demand, the company is expected to grow faster in 2018; in the medium and long term, Mao Dai, a brand name and brand name, will be able to increase brand concentration in the future.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.