\triangleright
In the first three quarters of the year, the company’s income exceeded its total income level last year, and its performance grew significantly above expectations. In the third quarter, the company’s higher-than-expected growth in revenue was mainly due to a significant increase in sales.
The plan for the delivery of 4,500 tons of common pedestals and 600 tons of other types of puppies has increased by 1,700 tons compared to the previous plan.
In the first half of August, prices generally exceeded $1,500 in the first half of the month, and the pipeline was in short supply, rising to 180 tons per day after August 16, and the price fell back to $1,300, and the price of the batch fell and stimulated the release of the demand for final consumption. We believe that short-term stocking by companies has suffocated the channel in three quarters, which has helped to increase the price of the huts in the long run.
In 2017, the year-round production of puppies amounted to 42,771 tons and the year-round plan was 130.9%. By the end of the third quarter, 47480 tons of packaging were produced, of which 23318 tons were packed. The company had originally planned to complete the release of the puppies by 2017, and we estimated that the actual release could exceed 30,000 tons in 2017. In 2018, the company ' s production target was 461 tons, an increase of about 3,300 tons over the production plan for 2017.
Market demand for huts is growing, and sales are expected to continue at a high rate in 2018. The company’s first three quarters of turnover tax and an additional $6,423 million, an increase of 77.28%, and three quarters of turnover tax and an additional $3,305 million, together with the promotion of the “133” brand strategy and the “5+5” market strategy for the sauce series, which are more targeted to end-users, supported by a rise in brand value.
The growth in the performance of the minority shareholders’ gains and losses is a reflection of the profits that Guangdong and Henan joint venture have generated for the equity distributors, and the successful operation of the distribution joint venture model is expected to continue to spread to other regions in the future.
The company’s excess performance in the first three quarters is expected to result from a significant increase in sales, and the demand is expected to continue through the spring 2018 sales season. The distributors’ pool model is working well in Guangdong and Henan, and other regions are expected to replicate it to increase the company’s control over end prices.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Research, study of the food and beverage industry in East Hing Securities in 2013, nine years of study of the food and beverage industry, five years of study of the food and beverage industry.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains PhDs in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to brief the research assistant on his research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.