According to data from the industry ' s alcohol industry, as of the date of birth (600519.ss)
At the end of September, the total amount of packaging for the Mautai wine reached 23,318 tons, an increase of 42 per cent over the same period. We estimate that the average volume of food and beverages in the oa sector in the last three quarters was 9,977 tons, an increase of 103 per cent over the same period.
Our estimate is $2.8 billion higher than last year’s. This means an increase of $13 billion in the income from Maotai, compared to the information disclosed in the report.
(2) 5 per cent increase in the cash received for the sale of commodities in September, and a 30 per cent decrease in the net cash flow of operating activities in the same year, as advances from distributors rose significantly last year, and this year the company controlled the pace of payments; in addition, the company stopped accepting receivables in the third quarter of 2016, resulting in a one-time cash inflow, we believe.
Demand remains strong, with three quarters of advances from distributors remaining at a high RMB 17.5 billion, with a flat quarterly round ratio. We estimate that real corporate sales (cash sales) grew by 28% in January-September, with a three-quarter year-on-year increase of (3) a slight decrease in the Māori rate and a 1 percentage point decrease in sales administration costs due to higher revenues, indicating a fee.
Purchased (in a strong position to buy the list). Main risks: high-end white wine is increasing at a slower rate than expected.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
I've been working on this report for a long time.
In addition, any portion of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some companies being acquired.
We rate companies by M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & As (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent) and three have a lower probability (0 per cent - Quantum quantum Quantum), a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao-Yu, cfa:a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, a share of consumer goods in China.a share of consumer durables: glyceres, boss appliances, American conglomerates, Qingdao Haile, Sofia.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guizhou Maotai, Chenzhou, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi, Qingjia, Qingjia beer (a) and Qingjia.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Quaohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, East Minju, Motsu, Motsu, Wanda Film, Hua Tze.
China ' s consumer goods: Light milk industry, modern pastoralist industry, Huayun Enterprise, Dali Food Group Limited, h&h International Holdings, Monx Dairy Industry, Kang Shifu Holdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unified Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, Eli Holdings, Zhou Black Duck International Holdings Limited.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb565.67) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb565.67), Company Ratings, Research Industry, and Ratings and Related Definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.