Two bills were adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors held on 5 December in Maotai, Guizhou. The first was a bill on the payment of annual service fees by listed companies for the use of the Maung Mae platform, and the second was a bill on investment to build productive expansion projects (expected to be completed by May 2020). We expect that the service fee in the first bill will have a small net profit for the company.
Impact; the second bill is consistent with the management's desire to expand the production capacity of Maoutai to 56,000 tons by 2023, and the two bills I have adopted are as follows:
To pay for platform services. In 2017, it is expected to pay around RMB 240 million per transaction of 3 per cent. 2018 Analysis: Assuming that 30 per cent of the sales of Mao Chai wine comes from the cloud platform (consistent with the current ratio), we estimate that the service fees for 2017-19 will be RMB 240.663 billion, approximately RMB 563.6 million, or about RMB 60 million.
Bill II: Investing in building productive capacity projects, which, when completed, will increase the annual production capacity of Mao Daiki by 5.152 tons, and the analysis of the base wine: with the completion of the 2020 project, the capacity of Mau Dai will rise from 45,000 tons in 2017 to 50,000 tons. We believe that this decision is in line with the management's intention to increase the capacity of Mautai to 56,000 tons by 2023.
We expect the capital expenditure per unit of production to be RMB 700,000 per ton, which corresponds to the historical average; the total capital expenditure is also in line with me. Both bills have been approved by the board and no longer need to be considered by the Shareholder Assembly.
Risk: A period of slow intervention with high-end white wine, and tight government regulation of alcohol consumption.
We, Liao Yu, cfa, Dai, and I hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the research industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. Returns are the sum of the capital return indicators projected for each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical fluctuations of 12 months and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare gssustain gssustain between firms in different industries and markets, a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.
Rewards, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to perform well in the long run vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on screening for a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electric, Boss Electric, American Group, Qingdao Haile, Sofia.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River shares, Kotai, Chenzhou cellar, Qing Qing Qingqing, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.a A share of media: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Goehua cable, Huashubner, Blue Light sign, Media South China, Media Division, Guangzhou shares, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Ming Ju, Hand
China’s consumer goods: Light milk, modern pastoralism, Huayun entrepreneurship, Dali Food Group Ltd., H&h International Holdings, Monx Milk Industry, Master Kang Holdings, Qingdao Beers (h), Unified Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, Ily shares, Zhou Black Duck International Holdings Ltd.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb625.01) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Mauptai, Guizhou (rmb625.01).
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information does not make sense, because the report was distributed in China by High China Securities.