Food beverage manufactures, three-quarter shipment increases by about 35 per cent, a series of alcohol increases, and three-quarter performance is expected to be higher than expected, based on information from channels and root research, on products above three-quarter fly-time (with customized wine and open-up)
In July, the share of custom liquor and development products fell somewhat, and the overall price is expected to drop slightly. Taking into account the volume and price factors, it is expected that more than flying-day products will contribute taxable sales.
To about $18 billion. Adding a series of over-expected tax-bearing sales of about $2 billion, which is expected to reach around $20 billion in the third quarter. The advance receipts for last three quarters increased by $5.9 billion, making the revenue base confirmed for the same period relatively relative.
Total equity/flow (million shares) growth in the three-quarters of this year's report was targeted at the first half of the year, 36 per cent, and advance receipts were expected to break by $23 billion, well above the previous record peak.
"Mauritine Tracking Point: The first 500 shares are broken and there's still room for steady earning of performance."
Improved levels of profitability, increased contribution of wine series, etc., ensuring three-quarters performance with normal prices, proactive stock-backed high valuations, and a corresponding upturn in performance throughout the year.
"How to Pricing. Crazy Maurer?" A set of stable prices and a risk of rapid price increases; a dealer's cautious, but still the norm.
In this case, prices have remained at more than $1,300; after the two-tier period, prices have recovered slightly, and there have been regional variations, but they have generally fallen between regions (1340, 1380], and have been relatively stable. The company’s countervailing measures have been shown to be effective by releasing and increasing the number of cloud vendors.
We have previously warned that the most important risk faced by Maotai companies is the rapid rise in prices, which, in the light of the current situation, is effectively controlled at this stage to the benefit of the company's president and distributors, and the normative aspects of sales have been strengthened as regulations and penalties have been strengthened.
Infractions have been reduced, but the selling mentality remains widespread. The company has re-emerged on a large scale in the fourth quarter.
Together with a combination of factors, we judge that prices for the four seasons of Dupu and above remain steady and moderate. Corporate market management is strong, alcohol increases ease supply problems, and performance is expected to continue to rise.
The firm’s commitment to continuous market management is strong in the light of the company’s many previous pronouncements and specific enforcement measures. The effectiveness of price reconciliations during the double-span period also enhances the company’s confidence in market management.
Measures such as raising alcohol rates, reducing custom alcohol and developing alcohol to supplement the supply of U-fly are clearly effective. The supply problem has eased: in the long run, however, supply constraints still need to be resolved. We maintain a price increase next year, given the relative stability of the price system.
Higher rates of alcohol production and restructuring of products can dispel market concerns about the supply deficit in 2019, which is expected to improve; at the same time, increasing the probability of manufacturing prices is expected to bring elasticity to performance through price dimensions. The firm’s continued high growth in the second two years will increase certainty!
Maintenance of the key assumptions for the pre-existing period: the price of the UFOs increased to $999 in 2018. The upgrade of the firm’s height, product scarcity, and supply improvement were among the factors, based on the current company’s fundamentals, the risks posed by the rapid rise in market prices, market expansion and sales below expectations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.