The seasons have outperformed expectations, or led to an estimate of consumption.
▪ Three-quarter growth in the large supermarkets is expected to result in a significant increase in income driven by concentration in the season. 1) 3q17 collects $18.99 billion, a huge increase of 116% over the same period, of which 16.780 billion is earned by the Mautai. We believe that the growth in income of the 3q17 company is mainly due to concentration in the Wangq17.
Tons of alcohol, year-round alcohol, and high-end custom-made alcohol are responsible for a further increase in the price of tons. (2) The 1-3q17 series of alcohol generates $4.02 billion, close to completing the 4.3 billion mission of the year.
At the same time, the market has increased its share of supplementary distributors’ quotas after mid-August, as the puppies have become more sophisticated. At the same time, the puppies have taken the initiative to adjust the dealer’s lending policy by making a month’s advance to reduce the appropriation of distributors’ funds.
▪ The cost of a series of wines has been gradually stabilized, the tax impact base has been gradually reduced and the net profit of 3q has increased at a much higher rate than expected. 1) The cost of selling 3q17 sales has been stabilized at $60 million, or 124 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of the increased use of the sauce series.
The sales cost rate is 3.2%, and the scale effect has been reduced by 1.3pct. 2) q2 taxes and adjustments to the surcharges.
▪ Demand stable and high-season prices are stable, supply and demand patterns are still on the rise: 1) Grass-roots studies, with companies concentrating 6,200 tons of khat liquor between mid-August and September, while demanding that distributors guarantee 30% of quota sales through the Maung Clouds platform and maintain 1299 terminal prices.
The means of smoothing down the high market price of the puppies have resulted in a reasonable fall in September to 1300-1400.) However, during the two-week period, market demand was driven by strong sales, and some terminals remained short of goods, which led to a recovery of the post-puppet price to 1400-1450. We believe that the puppies were stable when they were concentrated in the middle of the season.
Solid, limited decline reflects the stability of real demand in the market. At the same time, the Maoists are determined to fight against speculation in the market, the hoarding of goods and the selling of them, and direct investment in the consumer ' s hands through cloud sales, which is more conducive to the long-term development of the puppies. 3) In line with the goal of 26.8 million tons in the year, the plan is to:
The remaining delivery volume of 6,000 tons in the last four quarters is still in a state of supply stress. The future does not exclude the first half of the year's unquantified performance, the second half of the year's planned out-of-quota, or the 18-year increase in the prices of the plants and the increase in the direct sales ratio.
▪ Prospective earnings and investment proposals: We believe that Mao Dai's 17-year revenue performance continues to outperform expectations.
It is expected that the market will continue to increase in 18 years, and that the ratio will increase through product structure upgrades and direct sales will continue to rise.
Consider the continued growth of the high-end liquor industry and the scarcity of the poo brands 4. Guizhou kiosks: strong growth in demand, and non-substitution, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board