q3's performance is expected to show the king's style.
• Events: Three quarterly reports were issued by companies to achieve business income of $42.5 billion, compared with 59 per cent, and a net profit of $20 billion, compared with 60 per cent. Of these, q3 generated business income of $19 billion, compared with 116 per cent, and a net profit of $8.7 billion, compared with 138 per cent. Three quarter performances were significantly higher than market expectations.
q3 revenue and volume are at an all-time high, and the data in the statement basically reflect the real level of delivery.q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 statement confirms that the sales of Mau-Dai wine amount to approximately $18.2 billion, creating a record high income in the first quarter, far exceeding market expectations.
On the one hand, because of the tight supply of the second quarter, and on the other hand, because of the need to calm overheated, the price of the Mid-Autumn Festival was guaranteed. The company invested no less than 6,200 tons in the market during the two-day seasons, while demanding that 30% of the distributor's share be sold through cloud traders at a price of $1.299, thereby effectively easing the conflicting supply and demand and stabilizing the price of the batch.
Prices remained stable at $1350-1400, showing strong demand. In the last three quarters of the series of wines, the production of the series would amount to $20 billion, the statement confirmed $18.2 billion, and the q3 statement basically reflected real delivery levels. Advance receipts amounted to $17.5 billion, roughly the same as reported, and real demand was strong.
Consumption tax has been eliminated and net interest rates have risen. The q3 Māori ratio increased slightly by 90.7 per cent, mainly the q3 fly-by volume. The consumption tax scale has increased significantly, and corporate turnover tax and surcharges have risen to 15.8 per cent, roughly the same level as the 16q3 consumption tax.
The same impact is eliminated. This year, the market input was increased, sales costs were increased by the same +120%, while sales costs were raised by only 0.2 pct, management costs were kept flat, costs were reduced by 4.8 pc, net profits were 49.1%, ring prices were increased by 1.6 pct, and profitability was steadily improving.
18 years, or a poo-up window, the production of the gin is over-expected, and the future poo-pow price rises. According to current market demand, the supply of the pow-powship will be tight in the next two or three years, and the price range will continue to rise. Against a background of a well-regulated whole-of-the-price system and channels, the market is unanimous in its expectation that it will be poo-pow in 2018.
The price-raising window, the price-added margin for both companies and distributors, has improved markedly. On the other hand, in 2017, the production of 43,000 tons of puppies, the completion of 131% of the annual plan, the super-market expectations, and the market’s concerns about the future supply of puppies, which is not sufficient, have been broken and the prices of future puppies have risen.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The high-end alcohol scenes continue to rise, and the strong will stay strong. Looking ahead, there is room for improvement in both volume and price, and revenue will grow at a rate of more than 30% over the next three years.
2. Assuming that the cost rate for the next three years of the company will remain stable, Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.