According to the industry press, as of December 18, 2017, the sales of the series in Guotai increased by 183 to 6.5 billion yuan (US$ 5.5 billion after deducting value added tax).
Sales grew by 122 per cent, reaching over 30,000 tons, and sales/product prices were higher than we expected. We will look at the latest sales and my series of liquor products more quickly than we expected.
Average daily turnover for three months: rmb3.1bn/$472.0mn 1. Series sales exceed our expectations by 8%. The average price of the implied series of wine products increased by 22% (as we had previously expected) to reflect an upward adjustment in the structure of the product and its distribution.
Aej strongly bought/sold lists The percentage of vendors giving alcohol has decreased. 2. During the period from 2014 to 17, the sales of the Mautai series increased 4.7 times, surpassing historical peaks.
Main battalion operating income (rmmn) old value and collection level of water equivalent to low end products in the five grain fluids and Xiangzhou cellars ebitda (rmmmn)
Each share of the profits (rmb) is new. We believe that this better than expected performance is due to the company ' s profit per share since 2015 on the series of wines (rmb) is old.
3. Management ' s target is an increase of 23 to 8 billion yuan per year in the sale of a series of liquor in 2018.
We expect a high profit margin for the series of liquor products in 2018, although the contribution of the business to the company’s overall profitability is still very limited. 5. Management insists on ensuring that the quality of the product is not purchased from outside, and that brand power is protected.
Brand authorization, without adding new brands, would focus on developing existing brands. We believe that the management stance is consistent with the industry’s trend of focusing on major brands, and we expect a series of wines to become important growth poles for companies in the long run.
Guizhou Mao Dai (600519.ss) Income statement (rmmmn) Guizhou Mao Dai (600519.ss)
We, Liao Yu, cfa, Dai, and I hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the research industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. Returns are the sum of the capital return indicators projected for each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical fluctuations of 12 months and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare gssustain gssustain between firms in different industries and markets, a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.
Rewards, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to be successful in the long term vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on screening for a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guizhou Maotai, Chenzhou, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi, Qingjia, Qingjia beer (a) and Qingjia, a set of media outlets: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, East Minju, Da-Thai Technology, Wanda Film, Hua-Tze Film.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb681.74) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Mao, Guizhou (rmb681.74)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless, because this report is distributed in China by High China Securities. High China Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.