Treasure software (600845.sh) Single q3 profit growth of over 31 per cent, maintaining high-quality growth
Three quarters of profit growth has been high. The company issued 2303 quarterly reports, which generated $8.818 billion (+22.48%) in the first three quarters of the company. In single q3, the company earned $3.141 billion (+16.75%), the net return rate increased significantly in profit, and the new business quality improved profitability.
Percentage point. Reference is made to the significant increase in the Māori rate of corporate software development operations in the first half of the year, with the innovation of plc and robotics, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price, gradually getting on track, raising corporate profitability again.
In accordance with the decision of the board of directors of the company, the Ministry plans to set up a Saudi branch to service the green, low-carbon, process-wide plant built in Saudi Arabia, to take on local projects and provide continuous follow-up and quality services.
The Division’s niche in Saudi Arabia, such as iron and steel information, automation, etc., is expected to open up a global business expansion. Meanwhile, at the end of August, the company’s joint Orient surveillance and surveillance established the Shanghai Treasure Mine Information Technology Company Ltd., which will integrate industrial Internet, cloud computing, industrial online monitoring and analysis instruments, and smart suits.
Be prepared as a technical director to provide a full-process, level-wide, life-cycle intelligence service to mining enterprises. The Bo-Sin think-mine is an important part of the Bo-Wu-Wu engine, which will in the future better serve the Bo-Wu resource, the Treasure Software (600845.sh)-q2 revenue increase by more than 27%, and the Maori rate of the software business.
The company is the large domestic plc area of Treasure Software (600845.sh) - the fourth quarter net profit increase of more than 60%.
Breakers, scale-up applications for several priority projects. While the steel industry accelerates the replacement of national production, Bo-Sin software (600845.sh) – the three-quarter review of 2022 reports – a single-quarter increase in profits – will gradually expand to other industries in the future.
Treasure software (600845.sh) - Reported in 2022 - Revenue Growth Influencings The company actively explored the service model of Raas (robotasaservice) to fast-track horse and steel robots. Automation became a new dynamic for companies to grow.
695 million yuan (+31.73 per cent). Companies’ profits show a trend of accelerating seasons. Figure 2: Corporate operating income and the rate of growth (in millions of yuan, per cent) The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author