Gesture software (600845.sh) Horry holds the Shanghai Turing robot and accelerates the development of industrial robotics.
In the form of RMB 197 million, holding the shares in Shanghai Turing Idea Robotics Ltd. We believe that the company, through this replenishment, is expected to enhance the technological reserve of heavy industrial robotics, enhance the competitiveness of high-end industrial machinery industries in the human field, and provide “buy-in” advice.
Turing robots have a full product coverage and subsidiaries have technology for heavy-loaded industrial robot-related products: Shanghai Turing Robots specializes in technology and products related to industrial robots, covering a full series of high-precision industrial six-axis robots from 1 kg to 500 kg; and Turing Robots Italian subsidiary.
rrr has 1,000 kg of heavy industrial robot-related technical products that provide European clients with more than 2,000 industrial applications that can fill the domestic high-end, autonomous, heavy industrial robotic gap and break the monopoly of foreign brands on related fields; Turing Robots downstream customers include Biadi, Kyungdong,
We believe that, with this replenishment of capital holdings, Bosin software is expected to combine the technological reserves of the robotics in industrial robots, especially in the heavy-carrying industrial robots and their own steel industry, with the rapid growth of industrial robots in the corporate steel industry.
The multi-dimensional drive for new industrialization and the technological capacity to break down: the new industry at the high-end level, the multiplicity of corporate arrows, the continuous technological breakthroughs at the high-end software, industrial Internet and industrial robotics levels. Large-scale high-end software companies continue to develop and expand their autonomy.
Size control; industrial Internet-level companies, relying on years of experience in the industrial software and steel industry, are combining products, and the U.S.A.T.T.P. 3plat platform has been developed autonomously as an industrial Internet leader in the steel metallurgy industry.
The company, relying on its existing background resources, has developed and made a bulk supply to the parent company's Treasure Group, which is expected to make a huge contribution to the company's business as it moves towards the goal of upgrading the "Operational Zero" robot.
On the other hand, new technologies such as plc, industrial Internet, industrial robotics, and the share of institutional investors in the circulation a share are mutually reinforcing, with multidimensional advances or a resonance in the new era of industrialization in the future.
Three quarters have seen steady growth in performance and a sustained increase in profitability: the company achieved $8.818 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 15.23 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $1,871 million, an increase of 22.33 per cent in the same year.
The rapid growth of software information, mainly from high Maori, and the continued optimization of corporate business patterns within the industrial Internet framework have led to an increase in corporate overall profitability.
The company's involvement in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and data centre industry, and the Bo Cloud-related business have been steadily moving forward. Bo began work at the North China base in September 2022, with a total project size of 20,000.
8kw hangar: the long-triangular digital technology centre has a master plan of 20,000 cabinets, the 5-phase master plan of Bo, 10,500 cabinets, and the 7000 flight cabinets of the Bo Yunbe Mountain base. According to the company's latest announcement, the data centre of the Bo Yunya Seal Mountain base was opened on 11 January 2023 and is available to users at 1066.
An idc service with a 5kw-20kw power density is planned to provide approximately 6,000 installed capacity. We believe that the build-up of corporate idc operations is expected to increase significantly in the coming years, with rising demand for demand-side computing, supply-side high-end chip supply reheating + the impact of the epidemic on construction.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.