q3 Company's steady growth profits were released faster - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) reported three quarters of a total of $8.818 billion, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period, and the parent company's net profit of $1,871 million, an increase over the same period.
At the end of Cao Xuant, the company has maintained double-digit growth. We believe that, against the background of the current macroeconomic environment, the collection of the Treasure has grown steadily, to some extent reflecting the intelification and intelligence of the metallurgical industry.
At the same time, it confirms the judgement we made last year in the company's first cover report that, on the one hand, at the industry level, against the background of demand, price and profit pressures, the steel industry itself reduces the endogenous demand for efficiency gains, and digitization is the best way to achieve sustainable value.
At the enterprise level, on the other hand, the upgrading of informationization under the merger and acquisition of the BMW, and the continuous release of demand for higher-level intellectual creation, have allowed the BMW to grow in the overall downward cycle of the iron and steel industry. The overall upward trend in the Māori ratio has been significant, with a sustained increase in profitability.
The company's Māori sales rate was 39.76 per cent in the first quarter of the three quarters, an increase of 1.27 pct over the same period. The overall upward trend in the Māori level of the company over a long period of time has led to an increase in the company's overall profitability, with net interest rates on corporate sales reaching 22.76 per cent in the single quarter, an increase of 2.1 pct over the same period last year.
The logic behind the continued improvement of the Māori rate in the Port of Shin stock market, which we believe is mainly due to the maturity and reuse of the company's software products, and the shift in the business model from engineering to product-based. We maintain that for the company.
Māori rates will continue to be judged to improve in the future, particularly considering the application of the “Soyen” industrial Internet platform and the launch of the large autonomous plc, which will further reduce the marginal costs of corporate project implementation delivery. Investment proposal: We reiterate the recommended logic for the Treasureware software: the BMW integrates and acquires the information needs for upgrading
Continuous release, folding of industrial Internet platforms, plc and Bolo industrial robots as core intellectuals, construction of 2.0. Iron and steel information operations are still viable; data centre idc operations maintain robust growth based on competitive advantages in terms of access to resources, liquidity, customer base and professional operations.
• Review of the annual report of the Treasure Software: q2 Performance Reduction in demand: Technology advances below expectations 3
Super-expected double-drive of iron and steel informatization and idc operations 2023-4-5 4, Treasure Software First Cover Report: Solid Enabling Steel
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis