q3 net profits increased significantly and the Māori rate increased again, with the proposed establishment of a Saudi branch to advance the globalisation process 3.141 billion yuan in revenues in the third quarter of 20 October 2023, an increase of 16.75 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of 709 million yuan.
(b) The announcement of the resolution of the tenth session of the Board of Trustees at its fourteenth meeting approving the establishment in Saudi Arabia of the Saudi Arabian branch of the Shanghai Treasurestone Software Company Ltd. (tentative name, hereinafter referred to as the Saudi sub-unit).
Quarterly net profit increases at the same rate of increase, the q3 Māori ratio increases at the same rate and profitability \triangleright continues to increase; Saudi affiliates are proposed to be established and overseas operations are expected to further develop
In terms of performance growth, the company achieved a net return profit of 709 million yuan in the first quarter of 2023q, a 31.64 per cent increase in the same year. Starting this year q1, the net return profit of the company has been raised quarterly at a rate of 0.95 percentage points, reflecting a continuous increase in the company ' s profitability.
According to the company's announcement, the board approved the establishment of Shanghai Treasure Letter software in Saudi Arabia to serve the green, low-carbon, process-wide plant built in Saudi Arabia, take over local projects and provide continuous follow-up high-quality services.
Saudi Arabian branch, a limited company (provisional name, final name subject to the approval of documents or licences by the relevant local authorities, hereinafter referred to as Saudi branch). Saudi branch, operating as a branch of Treasure Software, is responsible for the planning, implementation, operation, etc. of local projects.
With the landing of overseas affiliates, the company's operations are expected to be actively promoted overseas, with the support of the company, the high-end intellectual-manufacturing champions, who will be charged with reporting on the depth of the Treasure Software: from three presets.
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Since this year, in the area of automation, the company has made sustained breakthroughs in areas such as critical core technology autonomy and the “cricket” problem in the industry, increasing investment in robots, plcs, process models, etc., and achieving robot size and standards.
Incorporated into the “Boro Clouds”, providing platform-based operational services; initiating new product R & D and first set-up, constantly upgrading core business competitiveness of machine operators; optimizing the new generation of multi-nuclear plc-controlled products of the Treasures, leading the development of domestic industrial controls and systems-based national production ecology; and defining the breakthrough directions of the technosphere for the construction of process models and exploring the linkages based on the association of the Bounden industry
Web platforms, based on artificial intelligence, build a knowledge mapping of process-wide, full-line process control models, and form a core technology platform structured around tool libraries, model libraries, databases, casebooks. In the case of the industrial Internet, the Federation ' s industrial Internet platform has gradually moved into industrialization, scale development, and industrial ecology packages.
eplat entered the scale-up phase, with a network of integrated, intelligent office-related generic components on line; industrial interconnectivity iplat focused on producing on-site pain points to address the problem of the industrial control software “cricket”, with an integrated, light-weight development framework for real-time scenarios iplat4j-smartt; industrial big data package xdata continuously upgrades the use of water for all categories of business users
Ping, providing one-stop data eco-research and development design tool sets; an artificial intelligence package xai achieves an efficient build-up management of the ai model, which has sunk multiple core industrial intelligence algorithms; application-based development package xdev releases low code components and goes online, corporate innovation, industry status and brand image are continuously consolidated and enhanced.
The “two-way” platform of industry Internet countries, which has always maintained the country's first-tier team, has surrounded the Chinese Academy of Sciences' weekly Internet Journal 2023 Industrial Internet 500 (ranked third); has been honoured by the China Software Industry Association's “Investment of the Internet in the Software Industry 2022 and 2025” Chinese Software Integrity Demonstration Enterprise 2022 and its “Standard Industry 2022” model example case”;
In the two-carbon era, companies, as information high-tech companies and national software providers under the flag of China, pursued national strategies such as “New Capital”, “Producer Chain Security” and “Autonomous Control” around key core technologies.
Challenges, sustained and increased investment in research and development, overall scaling up and industrialization of autonomous high-end national production control systems, with large-scale plc industrial software at the core, enabling high-end automated business development \triangleright
High-end automation is a strategic future priority for companies, which are scarcely home-grown firms that introduce large autonomous plc control systems, have strong integrated competition in hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, and the “three core growth logics” drive companies to self-motivate their business open up vast development space. Companies are actively expanding robotics with large plc automated industrial software at their core.
Automated products, such as plc, scada industrial software, developed autonomously with Treasure Letters, with the ability to move into large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously extending the automated capacity boundary and hopefully growing into three core growth logics of domestic corporate automation: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will expand from large plc to medium plc
(b) Increment + stock replacement logic: the two-carbon age + national production replacement scenario, where the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, is “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in smart manufacturing of capital spending;
Large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products are more standardized, with full potential for expansion across industry; and) the Māori rate rise logic: the higher Māori ratio of automated products is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
The company attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, which, on the one hand, opens up a new curve for the company to grow, and on the other hand it is expected to increase the core competitiveness of the company’s intelligent manufacturing. In a two-carbon age, the high-energy processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals, and chemicals, face a “reduce, drop,”
The urgent need for efficiency gains, better quality, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry's “capable + demand” capital spending will drive industrial Internet development; the country's strong promotion of the digital economy. The Internet platform, as the core base and component of the digital economy, will continue to be strongly supported by national policies, and the corporate industry will continue to be strongly supported by national policies.
The Internet platform xin3plat, which continues for many years to enter the Yakuza platform, has steadily increased its ranking, opening up new growth paths for future development; in the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms have been the basis for automotive product cloudization, with solid roots for automated cloudization, and cloudization is expected to help companies to overturn their traffic.
The company’s technological reserves, based on more than 20 years of industrial software development, have been developed over many years and have been optimized in various intellectual applications of the military. The industry’s eco-economy package of eplat 4.0 is in the process of scaling up.
Rapidly meeting user needs, increasing user viscosity, tapping user values and promoting platform scale; industrial connection iplat package 4.0 supports national production of industrial control software, resolving the problem of industrial control software “crack necks”, building on the “Boloyan” project to develop and launch a high performance version of the industrial interconnection package; data eco-system 5s package 4.0 continuously upgrades industries
Data application level for users, providing a one-stop set of data eco-research and development tools for users of enabling enterprises; Efficient build-up management of the AI xai package 4.0 to achieve the ai model, which has sunk multiple core industrial smart algorithm models; Active exploration and improvement of application construction, application delivery aspects of the application development xdev package 4.0 to the low-code and developer community
"Polo" robot applications are not just steel, and the future industry is expanding in scope \triangleright
On June 20, 20, 2022, China launched a campaign to mobilize 10,000 Polos, which will be entrusted with the use of the Bo-Sin software under the flag. “Polo” is the collective name of the Bo-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Shu. The number of “Pu-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Shu's” personnel, estimated at 1,432 as of November 24, 2021, is expected to achieve the overall goal of over 10,000 Polos by 2026.
Industry, services, special categories, industrial polo have achieved tagging, sampling, unbundling, stamping, scavenging, and iron and water transportation functions; service polo is primarily a virtual service robot, which meets customer needs in an instant; special polo includes robotics (all automatic loaders, reloading agv, etc.) applied to mines, ports, etc., specialized transport robots (waterway inspection unmanned, etc.)
All Borows are connected to the Polo House cloud platform, enabling the online upgrade of the ota and increasing the efficiency of the algorithms. Poirots can effectively replace 3d jobs in the steel industry, namely, dangerous (high risk), dusty (poor environment), etc.
In addition to the iron and steel automated production lines, the three main types of robots cover transport, mines, ports, customer counselling, and so on.
Several scenes are also being customized, and according to the Ministry of Corporate Robotics, companies are expected to move out of the treasure zone in the future, promote robotic applications in other industries, and continue to help other enterprises to improve industrial competitiveness and efficiency. According to the World Robotic Report 2022, the country ' s manufacturing robotic density reached 322 in 2021, compared to the highest 1,000 in South Korea.
At the end of January 2023, the concentration of priority industries in Shanghai reached 383 robotics and only 260 robotics were scheduled to reach only 260 robotics per 10,000 people, with a greater potential for upgrading. We believe that in the midst of the digital transformation of firms, the demand for industrial robots is or will continue to grow.
With the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BMW, the development space for the information business, the strategic wind of the transformation with the combination of the BMW platform and the intellectual transformation strategy, the company acts as the cornerstone of the information-making core of the BMW Group's “one-base-five-dollar” strategy, with the intellectual transformation of the billion tons of BMW and the development space for the information-based development. The company can do it from Lo.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" for the development of the steel industry, the State has proposed "big efforts to develop intelligent manufacturing", "accelerating mergers and restructuring", "banning new steel production" and so on.
The BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & As restructuring, significantly raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing operations from the four dimensions of “Renewing Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Adaptation and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements.” The company’s traditional software business has also expanded beyond the BMW Group.
Iron and steel companies, as well as the non-steel sector, have great potential for future growth. idc supply and demand patterns have evolved well, corporate idc operations have moved into a new cycle. Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit at the core as wholesale idc champions, while industry idc
In the short term, the country's tight controls on energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, and the banning of a large number of old, non-compliant rooms, and the large-scale demand tilted to the core & greenidc, making the competitive edge of the dominant idc tap stronger and, in the long run, the demand of the idc industry will burst with new applications.
And it continues to grow. Together with the company idc's unique ability to do business, the company began to launch a five-phase project to promote Xinhua Xinhua + Xinhua Xinhua Xianghua, with a total of over 50,000 standard hangars. If we don't consider other new housing projects, it will already be 1.7 times more than in the previous round.
Some of the project cabinets have already been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives to secure long-term development \triangleright
Companies have excellent management and market-based incentives that give them sufficient dynamism and motivation to develop. As an executive, management team managers have extensive experience, flexible management systems, and internal appraisal systems are marketed, and market-based incentives have been introduced on several occasions. In 2017, 2020, and 2022, companies issued three equity incentives to cover them.
The broad scope, including corporate management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., highlights the firm confidence of corporate management in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company.
Treasure letter software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing.
In January 2021, Idc built and acquired less than expected, BMW restructured and purchased less than expected, and 5g developed less than expected, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing idc industry in depth, Chen Guang Yi, a member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics. In December 2021, I joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a portfolio of securities investment consulting operations approved by the China CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.