At the beginning of the ai golden age, hardware production began again on 22nd of July, 2024 Industrial Wealth Federation: the world's leading high-end intellectual manufacturers and technology service integration solutions providers.
\triangleright’s main business consists of telecommunications and mobile network equipment, cloud computing, and industrial Internet. Since its listing in 2018, companies have built on the development opportunities of new infrastructure in the digital economy to promote “high-end intelligence manufacturing”
Since 2020, companies have gradually developed a second-growth curve in cloud computing equipment, ai, storage energy, etc.
\triangleright demonstrates the importance of cloud computing infrastructure, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2024. Roots, according to the performance statement for station power in 24q1, demand for ai will continue at a 50% compound rate.
2028. At the same time, the foreign cloud business has turned up and the income has warmed. Industry is a leader in the odm model, with a 40% market share of the i server in 2024. Moreover, we believe that the liquid cold has gradually moved from "optional" to "necessary" options. The world is now using English dagpu.
The server ' s temperature-dispersing options are diverse, but the wind is still the dominant option. In the New Blackwell Architecture gpu (i.e. b1 (i.e. b2) (ii) (i.e. gb200aigpu) era, with a surge in aigpu performance, wind-dispersing heat has reached almost the limit of wind-cooling capacity from a theoretical technical point of view.
On June 24, 2023, at the annual shareholders meeting, the president of the company said that a new generation of i servers, gb200, using the British Weida chip, would be officially delivered this year, including the nvl36 and nvl72 versions of the server. According to the electronic fever friend website, the gb200ai acceleration card will have a peak capacity of up to 2,700 w, which is the same.
We believe that, in order to maximize the gb200 computing performance, the service provider is expected to use liquid cold solutions as much as possible, and that the company, as the core provider of the British Weidai server, is expected to take the lead in the British Weida new computing cluster (about 40%-50% of the British Weddaai server assembly).
Communications and mobile network equipment: the demand for switches is growing rapidly and the operator's capital expenditure is up.
The high growth in demand for \triangleright servers has led to an increase in exchange demand. In the post-five-g era, the pressure on operators’ capex inputs has dropped markedly.
\triangleright Performance is growing robustly, looking at the one that stimulates demand for servers, and the optimal structure of the company's products is expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of the main business and a further improvement in the level of profitability
-2024/04/30 i Quality development with new dynamic energy - 2024/03/3. semi-annual 2023 reporting point of the Federation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh)
Review: steady growth in sales of the i server and continued increase in profit levels expected, exchange rate fluctuations risk.
High performance and red scale innovation, accelerating cloud computing operations up 1 Industrial Wealth Federation: a global leader in ai server provider, 1.1 a global leader in smart manufacturing + integrated technology service delivery solution provider
1.1.1 A positive shift to the smart manufacturing and industrial Internet The Industrial Wealth Federation is the leading global provider of high-end intelligent manufacturers and integrated technological services solutions. The Industrial Wealth Federation is a sophisticated indirect stock holding in Honghai, formerly Fuscon, a surrogate factory.
The concept of wave and industry 4.0 has continued to advance globally, with sophisticated intelligence manufacturing and industrial Internet planning. In 2015, the Honghai elite packed up high-end pieces of communications equipment, cloud services, industrial robots, etc., to form an industrial consortium.
Equipment, precision tools, and industrial robotics professional design manufacturers, while also providing customers with smart manufacturing services for new forms of electronic equipment products with industrial Internet platforms at their core, i.e., a transition to high-end manufacturing and industrial Internet under the old Fujian mature model. In 2016, the Industrial Wealth Federation was in Beijing, “Industrial Internet”
Since its launch in 2018, the company has built on the development opportunities of the new infrastructure of the digital economy, promoting high-quality development of the core business of “high-tech intelligence capable of making the +Industrial Internet.” Since 2020, the company has gradually made cloud calculations.
1.1.2 Communications and mobile network equipment operations have grown steadily, and cloud computing operations have formed the second largest growth pole.
Communications and mobile network equipment operations are the most industrially rich and captureable business. The main products include high-speed switches and routers, end-specific structures, network devices. High-speed switches and routers are used mainly by Cisco, hpe, Huai.
The network equipment consists of base stations, light transmission equipment, and customer packages, including Chinese, Cisco, Apple, Amazon, etc. Cloud computing is the fastest growing business of the Federation of Industrial Wealth.
Servers, data centres, high-precision institutions for cloud service equipment, overseas clients including British Weida, Amazon, Dale, Microsoft, Oracle, and domestic customers including Kyundong, Ali Baba, Teng, Bytell, and China. With the acceleration of upstream computing and the rapid growth of downstream ai demand, corporate ai servers are connected.
Industrial Internet operations are the least profitable business with the highest Māori rate in the Federation of Industrial Wealth. These include three main services, one-stop digital manufacturing operations and cloud and platform services, such as excellent manufacturing advice and lighthouse plant solutions.
A full-scale digital transformation service can be provided for different types of clients, such as large enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, parks and industrial clusters, such as professional landscape applications, digital manufacturing management, bicarbon strategic services, smart hardware equipment, digital talent organization development.
Three new world-class lighthouse plants have been added each year, helping to build nine lighthouse plants. 1.2 The Industrial Wealth Federation holds the bulk of the shares indirectly from Honghai, but without real control, the Industrial Wealth Federation has a stable equity structure.
By the first quarter of 2024, the shareholding was stable at around 37%, directly holding 36.72% of the total share capital of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth, and also via its subsidiary, Futaihua Industries (Shenshenzhen) Ltd. and Hong Yutsu Electronics.
With the exception of the holding shareholders, which hold more than 60 per cent of the shares, Honghai has indirectly held the vast majority of the shares of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth through a number of subsidiaries dominated by the wholly-owned subsidiary Foxconn (fareast) Limited.