By developing the east wind on one side, high-end production of poles for strong growth - In-depth study by the Industrial Wealth Federation (IUF) Smart manufacturing of leading enterprises, globalization has laid the foundation for growth. The IUF is committed to becoming a global player.
Lead intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions service provider with "Intelligent manufacturing + industry interlocking" as the core of the "2+2" driver strategy, Asia, Europe and North
The 12 countries and regions of the United States are making global production arrangements, with production taking on a cross-regional dimension, and Liu Jinzhao's clientele displaying a cross-sectoral display.
This paper analyses and elaborates on the company's cloud plan operations from the following angles: 1) From the company's perspective, product innovation + major clients work together to build the commons.
DH-α competitive advantage. 2) From a historical perspective, the data centre presents two major evolutionary features of the development cycle: horizontal expansion of the development cycle; countercyclical upscaling of the cagr; acceleration of the process of building the infrastructure of the powerai. 3) Capital perspective, accelerated infrastructure investment by the cloud producers, and globalization when it comes to calculating investment.
(iv) Industry perspective, demand side: model commercialization, universalization catalytic reasoning for higher power; supply side: data centre clustering and cloud-based services building anti-feeding model layers and response layer innovation, hard, software-collaborative promotion, long-term benefits of the device proxy model.
The industrial Internet continues to ferment, and the enabling industries flourish over time. The policy push has been significant, and the policy push continues to catalyze the industry’s Internet penetration into every industry, creating a beta advantage; the lighthouse plant leads the industry out of the 12mtha share price range.
Pilot dilemma, upgrading of the intelligent transformation, ali empowerment superposition of differentiated service strategies to facilitate the steady development of the Division’s operations, with a strong co-facilitation of the city’s mounds.
Short-term pressure on the communications market, and the telecommunication side of the resource tilts to the side of the data network. Operator's capital expenditure is now structured, arithmetic networks and dispatches are becoming significantly more important, the data interconnection equipment market opens up space: the company has already made the mass delivery of high-speed switches 100g, 200g, 400g, etc.
A competitive advantage maintains the risk of uncertainty; the risk of price fluctuations of upstream raw materials; changes in international patterns; and trade frictions that increase the risk.
One of three lines of business goes hand in hand, and technology-enabling enterprises grow up to be the big smart manufacturing industry, committed to globalizing their production.
Industrial Internet Solution Providers. Currently, companies are promoting a new "2+2" strategy to add big data and robotics to the old high-end smart manufacturing + industrial Internet, while companies have achieved cloud and edge computing, industrial Internet, intelligence.
The full coverage of home-based, 5g, and network communication equipment, smartphones, and smart-wearing equipment is highly advantageous in terms of products, technology, and global city ownership. Production layouts are cross-regional, with core clients showing cross-sectoral industry.
The Federation, with its headquarters and base in mainland China, and 12 countries and regions in Asia, Europe and North America, with production bases in eight of those countries and territories, is now overstretched by the Internet service and smart production operations programme for over 50 key clients.
1.2 The long-term development process of the Industrial Wealth Federation, backed by its parent company Hong Hai's sophistication, can be divided into three broad periods: 1) Business start-up period: 2012, first mentioned by General Electric (ge) in the United States.
The concept of the industrial Internet, which started in 2013 with sophisticated intelligence manufacturing and industrial Internet formation in Honghai, packaged under the banner of communications equipment, cloud services and industrial robots into industrial wealth unions in 2015.
2) Entering a stock market, opening up a business boom: On June 8, 2018, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth successfully entered a stock market, one of the top technology companies in the world economy in 2019.
The PHARE network has become one of the world's 16 Beacon companies.3) Strategic investment and cooperation expansion period: 2020, forward-looking strategic investment in companies, cloudy technology, new infrastructure for deep-farming industries; strategic access to high-value software.
In the field of continuous code-added industrial software: a strategic cooperation framework agreement was signed with China, which built the "Technology Valley". In 2023, the company seized an opportunity to create a related accelerator and server for British Weida, thereby successfully entering a new round of gold plus.
The growth rate of corporate net return profits has been steady, since the traditional business has remained the centre of profits, and the transformation of business structures is urgently needed.
And mobile network equipment is the company’s first largest business, accounting for 58.57 per cent of income; second, cloud count, with a share of 40.79 per cent; and the industrial Internet, which is only 0.35 per cent. The smallest industrial Internet has the highest Māori rate in terms of Māori.
This figure is close to 50% in 23 years. We believe that short-term inland cloud computing is expected to be the core engine for further business development, while medium- and long-term profit-making improvements require continuous refinement of industrial Internet operations.
Figure 5: Overview of sub-business income in 2023 (millions of dollars)
Sub (Changzhou) Ltd., with a total share of 61.70% in the Confederation of Equity Industries, plus 8.24%, 3.24%,
Figure 7: The equity architecture of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (as of 21 June 2024)24
In cloud services, the Federation of Industries displays a significant alpha advantage, product development and innovation, and is tied to the depth of the new industry of the ai, which together contributes to the continued growth of corporate cloud business.
Server product series: 1) corporate modular server development capabilities are prominent. In 2022, the company focused on developing a modular hardware system for dcmhs data centres based on the open platform coalition architecture, and
In October of the same year, the first global modular server was launched. 2) The company's multi-products of technology show up at the gtc conference. The company's own technology accelerator, gb6181, has an efficient heat evasive capacity, carrying eight nvidias.
H100tensorcoregpu, for high-efficiency training, supported by a strong generation of large gpu, provides a strong arithmetic support for high-performance artificial intelligence data centres.
According to the Chinese Securities Journal, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth is not only the exclusive supplier of the 100-h100 card, but also the latest exclusive product delivery provider of the gpuhpc platform, the Yin Wei-Dagh 200-rim.
Industry b’s performance gains for companies have become more and more interesting in the era of industry, as the following points will be explored in terms of historical development, capital investment, and the relationship between arithmetic and demand.
Recapitulating the catalytic role of external factors in the enrichment union. 2.2 Historical perspective: the ari-driven arithmetic development is difficult in the short term. Data centres are rapidly evolving and industry is becoming more cyclical.
Starting with the four phases of data centre morphology, computing centres, information centres, cloud centres, smart centres, the integration of new technologies for data centre integration, upgrading and cloudization as the main features, the overall industrial development cycle presents a "triple point" of the four centres.
In the context of the integrated historical development process, the evolution of the data centre is currently showing two major features: 1) horizontal expansion of the development cycle: the computing centre phase, the information centre phase, the cloud centre scale, which is 5 years, 6 years, 7 years, 23 years of the big model of the ai triggered by chhatgpt
During the course of the year, the need for the construction of smart centres has changed significantly, and the time frame for the construction of smart centres is expected to expand significantly: (2) the age of smart centres, with a combination of arithmetic growth rates rising in reverse cyclicality: smart centres compared to 17 per cent growth in cloud service times.
Broad-time + high growth or becoming the main catalyst for the expansion of the Idc market. We believe that, thanks to the resonance between industry expansion and financial investment, the construction phase of the Centre of Excellence 2.0, which began in 2023, will be in the development cycle t and the composite growth rate cagr.
The completion of dimensions compared to the cloud computing age, where smart centres exceed 1.0, achieves a broader capital perspective of 2.3: large plant expenditures surged, market financing M&As intensified; cloud producers have long-term capital expansion; and numeracy infrastructure is better built in 2019.
In 2022, the size of capital spending by cloud producers grew rapidly, from $65,264 million to $14,878 million, with a compound increase of capital spending of 30.45 per cent over a three-year period.
Guidance: Meta expands 24-year capital spending within the range of $35-40 billion; Microsoft capital spending will increase significantly on a quarterly basis; Google expects capital spending to remain around $48 billion.
Wall Street increasingly favors an entrepreneurship project. On the financing side, according to the crunchbase database, 574 projects were launched in 2022 in the United States in the area of ai, while, according to data from the capital service carta, the first quarter of 2023 was a first-cycle start-up company.
In terms of M & As, Townsend announced a US$ 650 million buy-in for a legal start-up company, casetext, and Databricks announced a US$ 1.3 billion buy-out for a start-up company, mosaicml.
We believe that the rapid expansion of future cloud producers’ capital spending, combined with the continued preference of the capital markets for the company, will contribute to steady growth in the size of the overall infrastructure.
2.4.1 Demand side: Inferences rise, sora rejuvenates, industry accelerates, and arithmetic Moor law emerges.
After the previous macro-level trend: between 1959 and 2012, the sora model was rolled out at about a doubling time. The sora model was launched with the object of editing and generating the content of the one person, which is a cross-section of the text to the video.
The extrapolated calculations increase, or become the main driving factor for future calculations. According to the article "underthehood: howopernal'ssolra modelworks " , published by factorialfunds, we can calculate the extrapolation based on the existing dot model.
Measuring the arithmetic needs of Sora, with low/high numeracy dataset estimates of 1.1 x 1025 flops, 2.7 x 1025 flops, estimated to require 4211 - 10528 h100 units, while assuming that each view generated by Sora is based on the evolution of the available dit model
The time nodes for video generation, which is more than half-difficult than the training side calculation, will be in the range of 1530 to 38.1 million minutes, and the time you've been uploading the video all day now is 43 million minutes. We think that with the rapid rotation of the i model, the reasoning is going to be done.
Side model development will be a key factor in generating the growth of numeracy, and the commercialization, use and use of models will directly catalyse the construction of the ai infrastructure in terms of supply and demand.
The chip overlapped and blackwell continued to be empowered. At the British Weida gtc2024 conference, Wong In-hoon rolled out the blackwell architecture series of chips, and a heavy product, gb200, used two blackwell computing chips with one arm.
Together, gpu and cpu achieve a rapid interconnection of up to 900 gb/s through nvlinkc2c. Figure 17: gb200 achieves 30 x throughput up
Figure 18: gb200: 4x4 model training surged, cloud service support was developed, and large model deployment cycles were shortened. The Nvidianim, launched by Weida, is an optimized cloud microservice designed to reduce the time and simplicity of listing.
Through nim, enterprises can optimize their ai infrastructure to achieve maximum efficiency and cost-effectiveness without having to pay for it.
The complex and containerized development of the heartai model. In addition to accelerating the ai infrastructure, nim is helping to improve performance and scalability while reducing hardware and operating costs. The clustering effects of data centres and the development of cloud-based services such as nim are expected to be deep.
To reduce the burden of large-scale model development on manufacturers, thereby countering the creation of model and application layers and promoting synergies between hardware and software levels, and developing together.3 The industrial Internet continues to ferment and enabling enterprises flourish over time.3
3.1 Industry penetration rates have risen, and policies have guided industrial development to the key. Industry has expanded steadily and has accelerated penetration.
At the penetration level, the industrial Internet now covers 45 major categories of the national economy, 166 medium categories, covering more than 85 per cent of the industrial sector, and is expected to increase in 2023.
The value will be $3.34 trillion, with a nominal growth rate of 4.33 per cent. Figure 22: Industrial Internet core industries, penetration of industrial systems, policies that promote important catalysts for the development of our industrial Internet.
Industrial genes and industrial technologies are settling in different ways, and the development paths of the industrial Internet are different. The United States adheres to the principle of marketization, with the industrial Internet dominated mainly by giant enterprises and capital; Germany focuses on product quality and technology, and is organized around the overall industrial pattern; China;
On the basis of cloud platforms, supported by policy leadership, the impact of the policy drive has been significant. 3.2 Lighthouse plants have been able to transform their industries, with differentiated services laying the edge of companies, three business models coexisting, and one-stop digital transformation services are key.
A combination of three business models, one-stop digitized uniforms, integrated hardware and software products, cloud and platform services, and self-settling to provide clients with services ranging from consulting to landing, from basic process technology to open-boxing.
Production services are one-stop shops that meet the capabilities of manufacturing firms at all levels of digital upgrading. Figure 24: Overview of industrial Internet products.
The Division added three new world-class lighthouse plants, which cumulatively helped build nine lighthouses. In December of that year, the company'sai server plant was rated the world's first one server lighthouse plant, promoting automation, digitization, and intellectual upgrading.
Industrial Internet and artificial intelligence are well integrated into technology. A company’s global digital management system allows for a flexible allocation of production and supply chain resources management, efficient and rapid response to global customer delivery needs, and the introduction of large numbers of ai for visual testing in the production process.
Supply chain layout management, agv/amr dispatch management, etc., for different clients. Industrial enrichment unions create differentiated service strategies. For large enterprises, companies focus on providing lighthouse plant solutions; for small and medium-sized enterprises, and for public companies.
In addition, when it comes to regional industries, the IUF works with local governments to create an online and regional industrial Internet platform, tailored to the characteristics of regional industrial clusters.
The importance of data interconnectivity has increased, structural unit production has stabilized towards a short-term pressure on the 4.1 communications market, and telecommunications side resources have tilted towards the data network Structural adjustments in the capital expenditure of operators and limited spatial expansion of the telecommunications market.
On a scale, in 2023, mobile, connectivity and telecommunications capital spending amounted to $18.3 billion, and in a broader context of slowdown, operators turned to investment in new and emerging industries such as numeracy deployment, intelligence center, industry digitalization, etc.
Arithmetic networks drive a new turn of the switch market. At the international level, according to ICI, the global exchange market was about $39.506 billion in 2023, an 8.24 per cent increase compared to 2024, and is expected to reach $41.644 billion in 2024.
4.2 High-speed switches are turned on, and there is a steady upturn in network products, and the switch has accelerated gradually. 23 years of company high-speed switches, operating at a time of seasonal warming, while the share of global head customers is growing.
New clients have been expanded and market access has exceeded 75%. The company has now achieved the delivery of high-speed switches 100g, 200g, 400g, among which 200g, 400g are significantly increased, and 800g are in the Npi phase, which is expected to be 2024
The company's 5-g output is equal to 22 years, benefiting from the global push of the esg policy, and the company's smart meter, which doubled its output over 23 years, is now the company's key intelligence for a green economy.
4.3 The Apple architecture's primary partner, long-term companion to steady development, deep engagement with Apple, solidly performing. As an important link in the Apple supply chain, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth is active in the deployment of smartphones and fine wearable devices.
A deep-structured piece business that provides apples with high-precision metal structures, such as cellular frames. For 23 years, high-end machine sales for large clients were better than expected in terms of end precision structures, combined with companies ' import of new products, volume climb speed, quality control, etc.
The continuous upgrading of capacity will lead to simultaneous growth in operating revenues and profits. At the same time, the Department has started operating in the 5g sophisticated manufacturing parks in Henanjien and Jiangxikan, which are currently the most highly invested, up-to-date and intelligent mobile phone precision machines in the country.
On the basis of the above analysis, we make the following predictions of operating income and Maori rates: cloud computing operations: as large models increase the number of live users and the frequency of their use, reasoning side calculations will show an accelerated trend and are expected to drive the computing infrastructure.
A new construction cycle is coming up to catalyse the process of building gpu, servers at the industry level. At the same time, it is expected that the IUF's replacements for high-level card, ai servers will continue to benefit from deep binding relationships with major North American plants like British Weida.
Broadening is expected to be an important engine for the company ' s future growth in the short and medium term. 2) Communications and mobile network equipment operations: telecommunications markets are under short-term pressure, and telecommunications side resources are gradually tilted towards the net side.
In the broader context of the downsizing, the increase in switchboard operations driven by the expansion of the data centre may become an important conduit for the steady recovery of the business.
The main driving forces for the future, with the depth of the industry being driven by beta, are excellent manufacturing, consulting and lighthouse plant solutions, soft and hard integration products, cloud and platform services.
We're looking at a new side of the three major business lines, and we're looking at the same Gore shares in industrial manufacturing, and we're looking for servers.
Production wave information is expected to be comparable to comparable companies. The average market advantage of comparable firms is expected to remain uncertain in 2024-2026: firms are involved in a high degree of industry interest, good policies are frequent, market participants are more numerous and competitive advantages remain uncertain.
Risk of price fluctuations of upstream raw materials: The main raw materials required for the manufacture of electronics by companies are printed circuit boards (pcb), zero components, integrated circuits (ic), glass, etc., and the price changes of upstream raw materials or their impact on the gross profitability of the company.
3. Changes in the international landscape and the risk of increased trade frictions: the increased level of disruption of the global economy by major players, the increasing severity of trade and economic relations between China and the United States, which may later drive changes in the international geopolitical landscape, and the potential for disruption of global trade and supply chains.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.