Signing of the Lao agreement for the exploration of potassium salt in the Tibetan mining industry, expanding the chlorinated potassium production for long-term development of the companyignedanagreementonpotashextoration inlaos, expandingpotassium
I don't know what you're talking about.
Signing of the Lao agreement on the exploration of potassium salt to expand the production of potassium chloride for long-term development.
An agreement was signed with the Government of Laos in Vientiane, the capital city, on the survey of potassium salt in Bao County, Vientiane Setany County. Under the agreement, the company's exploration concession area in Setany County and Bao County, Vientiane City, covers an area of 198.97 square kilometres and 199.29 square kilometres, respectively.
Mineral resources found include halolite, potassium salt, etc., and are expected to total about 600 million tons of potassium chloride, with an initial production of 2 million tons per year. This outward investment will help expand the company’s capacity to produce potassium chloride and reduce the long-term supply of potassium fertilizer in the country.
The company’s performance continued to grow in 2022 as a result of the boom in the volume of major products. According to the public, the price of potassium chloride was $3725 per ton, and the average price of potassium chloride in 2022 was $3725 per ton.
The annual price of lithium carbonate has continued to grow at a high rate; according to Treasure Information, the price of lithium carbonate was 390,000 yuan per ton as at 20 February 2023 and the average price of lithium carbonate was 46.31 yuan per ton in 2022, an increase of 299.91 per cent in the same year.
After many years of development, the company has developed into three business plates with potassium lithium copper at its core, building on which it has continuously expanded its domestic resource reserves and expanded its capacity.
On the other hand, the company indirectly held a 24 per cent share of the Al-Ari district Mimi missalt Lake, which is dominated by the lake's surface halogenated water resources, high-quality halogenated water resources, about 2.511 million tons of lithium chloride, approximately 21.774 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent storage, and one generation of lithium carbonate production capacity.
The company has three mines under the banner of the dragon copper industry that know about copper, remove copper polymetallic, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore, ore.
We expect the company's net profits for 2022-2024 to be, respectively, Liu Weiliu.
Jung-woo! Haaichaozhuang!