China's sea oil is mainly engaged in crude oil and natural gas.
\triangleright's exploration exploitation and marketing, with fields distributed both inside and outside the country, while companies actively explore new capabilities such as offshore wind and electricity, which are highly volatile in terms of oil prices, the company has shown a high willingness to pay dividends, with net interest rates not available in 2016.
In the short term, the supply and demand of crude oil remain tight, and low inventories support oil price resilience. From major suppliers, \triangleright, the United States shale oil industry is not generating production momentum due to high capital costs, insufficient labour, and new energy strategies.
In addition, Oec+ production has been released for several months after the sanctions imposed on Russia, as a result of the decline in the export of finished oil, which has led to a reduction in demand for crude oil from domestic refineries, negative upward feedback, a decline in production and limited transport capacity, which is expected to be difficult to replace in other countries.
On the demand side, the arrival of the driving season and the improvement in the Chinese epidemic are expected to bring about seasonal repair of the demand. As of 2023, insufficient capital spending has led to a tight balance between global crude oil supply and demand, but there are marginal shifts, such as those in Iran and Russia, that could release the supply.
In 2022, the current price of Brent crude oil is expected to be around $108 per barrel. Ocean masters have a monopoly of resources and technical advantages.
Twenty-three per cent of the remaining marine oil technology is available for 34 per cent of Chinese oil and the potential for exploitation of marine oil and gas exploration. Second, the company dominates exploration and exploitation in China ' s maritime areas, with oil and gas prospecting rights and exploration as at the end of 2020 accounting for 95 per cent of the total amount and area of prospecting rights in China ' s maritime areas and net confirmed reserves at the end of 2021
Monopolistic resources and technological advantages make the company more space for additional storage. US dollars/bubs, which are internationally competitive; and corporate barrel oil operations, which are more expensive than oil and petrochemicals, are more expensive.
There are significant advantages, and the company has no refining industry, and high oil prices can be fully realized, without creating costs for other business drags on, and with greater elasticity in performance.
\triangleright is below the comparable corporate average, the valuation has over-repair space, is covered for the first time and is given a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The Fed ' s repeated increases in interest rates or epidemics have resulted in less than expected demand for crude oil and a risk of changes in energy policy.1 China ' s sea oil: the independent domestic hydrocarbon exploration giant 1.1 China ' s largest offshore oil and gas producer, with resources all over the globe
China’s sea oil is mainly engaged in the exploration, exploitation, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and is China’s largest producer of marine oil and gas. The company’s oil and gas exploration production area is located both within and outside the country. The main fields of operation in the country include the Jinhai, the western South China Sea, the eastern South China Sea and the East China Sea, while the company is engaged in non-conventional oil and gas exploration and exploitation on land; and in the sea.
In addition, in keeping with the global trend of low-carbonization in the energy sector, companies are actively exploring new energy operations such as offshore wind power.
The company ' s a+h shares are listed in both places, and the real control of the company is the China Sea Oil Group. In July 1999, the State Council authorized the China Sea Oil Group to reorganize its hydrocarbon assets and place them on the market abroad in the form of a red equity: in August 1999, the company was listed in Hong Kong as a company listed by the United States Department of the Treasury as a non-sdn-related company (now listed by the Chinese non-sdn army).
The company was founded in 1982 and held by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The shareholders in the company were China Sea Oil bvi, whose shares were directly owned by China Sea Oil 60.40% as of 20 May 2022, and China Sea Oil bvi was not real.
China Sea Oil Group has an industrial advantage in selling crude oil from China. China Sea Oil Group uses oil and gas exploration and development production as its core business link, and extends professional technical services, refining and marketing, natural gas, and
Business blocks such as power generation, financial services, and the integrity of the corporate oil and gas industry chain are an internationally integrated, upper-middle-down-stream, multi-billion dollar. Five holding companies under the corporate umbrella are on the market, of which China Sea Oil is the core business responsible for oil and gas exploration and development. The heavy oil produced partly by the company from the sea is special in terms of acid values and is sold directly to the outside world.
The price-fixing effect of market supply and demand is greater, and refining companies, such as China Sea and China, established within the China Sea Oil Group system, on the one hand, can free the oil produced by the company from price repression and, on the other hand, design the relevant production apparatus specifically designed for the unique nature of some marine crude oil, thereby increasing the economic efficiency of marine crude oil and creating it.
Mobilizing funds for the development of oil and gas fields and promoting the expansion of the primary sector. The country’s oil external viability rose from 55 per cent in 2011 to 73 per cent in 2020. The scarcity of domestic oil highlights the fact that eight projects have been launched over the past three years to safeguard the country’s energy resources, and that they have contributed to the growth of corporate oil and gas production in the future.
Current performance of 1.2 oil price fluctuations in the regional development of the land-rich oil complex, the Guyana liza oil field phase II and the Brigade 6-2 oil field development project, but the long-term high distribution of dividends The 2020 epidemic has had a significant impact on the economy, leading to low international oil prices, corporate operating income and corporate revenue.
In 2021, the world’s economic recovery led to a gradual recovery in oil demand and a rise in international oil prices, leading to growth in corporate performance. In the first quarter of 2022, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict led to a tightening of global oil supply, with Brent crude oil prices reaching up to US$ 137.71/bbl, while companies did not.
A rapid upturn in production, resulting in a faster performance than the increase in oil prices, with 2022q1 company operating income of RMB 90.898 billion, an increase of 73.52 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of RMB 34,301 million, a share of revenues from oil production sales remaining at over 70 per cent, benefiting from full price increases in the first quarter of 2022, and oil.
At the same time, the company ' s natural gas exploration process has accelerated, with a steady increase in revenues, with natural gas sales in 2021 amounting to RMB 29,998 million, or 11.82 per cent of total operating income. The share of trade revenue has declined from year to year, falling to 7.35 per cent in 2021.
Figure 5: Company Māori and combined Māori sales approximation (%2) 2 Increases in the marginal playing game between supply and demand, and oil prices remain resilient at the supply end of 2.1: elasticity and weak growth
2.1.1 The weak growth in crude oil production in the United States, and the huge debt is the trigger for the crisis in the United States shale oil industry. The short life cycle of shale oil and its high decaying characteristics make shale oil producers dependent on sustained capital spending to sustain the development of wells.
At the beginning of 2019, the number of active United States drilling rigs peaked, and in order to sustain sustained growth in production, US shale oil companies continued to increase their investment, raising their asset-debt ratios again by nearly 50%, adding to higher capital costs. In 2020, the epidemic triggered a fall in oil prices, which also led to a debt crisis hidden behind the industry, low oil.
Low prices have made the cash flow mechanism of shale oil companies dysfunctional, companies constrained by high capital costs to borrow new and old, and a large number of companies have applied for bankruptcy, including the large shale oil companies whinging and Chesapeake Energy Public Figure 8: Shale oil companies are in a high debt position.
Figure 9: Recovery of interest-earned multiples of financial costs since 2015 from new energy strategies + high capital costs and a significant weakening of the willingness of shale oil companies to invest. In 2021, the United States returned to the Paris Accords, committing to a 50 per cent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in the United States by 2030 compared to 2005.
Despite Biden’s demands for increased production by shale oil companies following the intensification of the conflict in Russia, the high cost of capital, the shortage of labour, and the volatility of the industry have led to concerns about short-term increases in production. According to our statistics, capital spending in 26 shale oil companies has been reduced to a high level of growth.
The deviation between oil prices and the capital expenditure of shale oil companies in 2022 led to a slowdown in the rate of output recovery, compared with the year 2016 when the number of active United States rigs recovered to over 900 at a high point, and the number of active rigs recovered to only 739 during the two-year period up to June 2022.
Figure 10: No increase in capital expenditure of shale oil companies as a result of the rise in oil prices Figure 11: Slow response to the impact of the epidemic on the number of active United States drilling rigs  spot price: crude oil: Brent, United Kingdom (US$/barrel, left axis)
The planned value of 22 shale oil companies has been rapidly consumed since then, while the number of new wells has been under-invested and consistently below the number of completed wells, and given the particularly rapid decline in shale oil wells, production will decline by 70 per cent in the following year, if stock wells and
The new wells are not sufficient to complete the wells, and the growth in crude oil production in the United States will weaken and gradually decline to below 2014 levels.
After the conflict in Russia, the Western countries imposed sanctions on Russia. According to thelea data, Russia was the third largest producer of crude oil after the United States and Saudi Arabia, producing 10.5 million barrels of crude oil and condensed oil in 2021.
At the same time, Russia is the world's largest oil exporter and the second largest oil exporter, 10,000 barrels per day, of which the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and the United States, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland explicitly prohibit Russian oil imports of about 13 per cent of Russian oil exports, and Russia exports about 45.3 per cent of Russian oil to the European Union, in broad terms.
By the end of 2022, after excluding the export effects of the Russian pipeline, the number of sanctioned Russian crude oils is expected to be about 3.68 million barrels per day. In addition, Russia has been kicked out of the swift system, banned from providing insurance for Russian ships, etc.
China and India bridge the export gap caused by the sanctions on Russian crude oil, and the decline in demand for finished oil is a major factor in the decline in production. China’s customs data show that China imported 8419,000 tons of crude oil from Russia in May this year, a year-on-year increase.
54.8 per cent long; according to Reuters, India imported 28.36 million tons of crude oil from Russia between the end of February and the end of May, more than five times as much as in 2021, while refinitiv data showed that Russia supplied more than 24 million barrels of crude oil to India in May alone, up from 7.2 million barrels in April and 3 million barrels in March.
Oil is affected by the European-American sanctions, and the price of espo oil is more than 30% lower than the spot price of Brent crude oil, and a large amount of Russian discounted crude oil is printed in it, thus largely offsetting the gap created by the cessation of oil imports in Europe and the United States, with less change in the volume of exports. However, Russian crude oil production per day has declined significantly since April, according to Kpler data.
The main decline in Russian exports of manufactured oil from Europe and the United States has led to a significant reduction in the demand for crude oil processed at refineries, resulting in negative feedback upwards, which has forced crude oil companies to cut production.
Daily production of liquid energy (million barrels per day)  Daily production of crude oil (million barrels per day)  Limited capacity + high volume of transport, and other countries are unlikely to be able to replace Russia’s oil shipments to Europe.
Since the Panama Canal and Cape of Good Hope are far away from Russia, the master of the Strait of Malacca, if it were to transport oil to Asia, even assuming that Russia does not send crude oil from those three to Europe and the United States, took into account that Russian exports to Europe and the United States in 2021 amounted to 292.4 million barrels per day, passing through them.
We expect that other countries will not be able to replace Russia with so much oil, which in turn increases the vulnerability of the oil supply chain, because: (1) the number of major oil tankers is limited and it takes some time to build a ship; (2) Russia cannot abandon the ship.
Lines, instead of looking for alternative countries for North-South exports, even if there are enough ships from other oil-producing countries to Europe and the United States, traffic congestion can cause a drop in the amount of oil sent to Europe and the United States; (3) if Middle Eastern countries, such as Saudi Arabia, transport oil to Europe and the United States via other routes, they can choose to bypass the Cape of Good Hope in the South of Africa, but by eia.
According to the data, this would increase the transit from Saudi Arabia to the United States by about 2,700 miles, and the data for iia also indicate that shipping in various parts of Africa would increase transit time in Europe by 15 days and in the United States by 8-10 days.
As the Russian conflict escalates, international oil giants such as bp, Exxomy, and international oil giants such as Baker Hughes, Slombeche and others are withdrawing from the Russian market or investing in new Russian projects, the withdrawal of capital will reduce Russian production capacity in the long run, except for the long term.
In addition to the subjective reduction in production by Russian crude oil companies as a result of the decline in demand, Russian crude oil production will decline objectively, with a long 2.1.3opec+ production elasticity, requiring production reductions of 9.7 million barrels per year and 7.7 million barrels per day by the end of the year.
The price of crude oil in Brent in 2022 passed $130 per barrel. On 2 June, the OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial meetings took place.
The monthly production increase of 43.32 million barrels per day was changed to 648,000 barrels per month per month for July-August, of which 479,000 barrels per day were required by other countries involved in the OEC+ reduction agreement, with the exception of Russia. OEC+ production has been released for several months, with limited capacity and willingness to increase production in oil-producing countries.
Since its implementation, OEC+ crude oil production has fallen short of expectations for several months. On the one hand, countries like Angola have limited capacity to contribute in the short term; on the other hand, countries with higher capacity, such as Saudi Arabia, wish to maintain high oil prices and insufficient production will; and, on the other hand, Russia is affected by sanctions, and production plans are likely to fall short.
The data show that in June 2022, the rate of completion of production of the national plans of the Occ+19 participating in the reduction agreement dropped significantly, mainly by 920,000 barrels per day between Russia’s actual production and the target production in June. The new plan to increase production is likely to be blocked by less or less productive capacity than expected.
Outside the Arab and United Arab Emirates, Nigeria and Iraq had more idle capacity in June, at 330,000 barrels per day and 360,000 barrels per day, respectively. However, Nigeria had not achieved its target production for almost a year, even with a downward trend in real production, while Iraq had begun to fall short of its targets in the last two months, while real production remained largely stable and therefore projected.
Taking into account this factor, the whole OEC+ idle capacity may be lower than expected. As of June 2022, the actual output of the 18 member countries outside Russia participating in the LDR was excluded, and the actual production requirements of the OEC+ RDA countries other than Russia were 2.8 million barrels per day at the end of August.
Of the current total of 4.02 million barrels per day of idle capacity in these countries, 2.51 million barrels per day of idle capacity in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are expected to be more difficult to achieve, given the release rhythm of production and idle capacity or the lack of expectations.
Figure 23: Production in Nigeria (millions of barrels per day) Figure 25: Production target not achieved in most countries (millions of barrels per day) Figure 26: Inactive capacity of 4.02 million barrels per day in June in OEC+19 countries
2.2 Demand end: Seasonal demand brings marginal improvements to the global recovery, with demand for crude oil expected to rise back in 2022, but at a lower pace. As a result of repeated slowdowns in economic growth caused by the Fed’s constant interest hikes to contain inflation and the effects of the global epidemic, Oec has been reduced to the United States.
Projections for the country and global economic growth have been combined with a downward revision of oil demand projections. All three agencies have issued a July report, in which Opec expects global demand for crude oil to grow by 3.37 million barrels/to 10.29 million/million barrels/to 9,958 million barrels/day in 2022.
Short-term demand for crude oil is expected to recover seasonally. In the second quarter of this year, China, one of the major oil-consuming countries, lost 1 million barrels per day in ring comparison. In 2019, demand for diesel fuel and aviation kerosene in Japan and the United States has not recovered, China has experienced a significant fall in its aviation oil use as a result of local outbreaks, and developed countries have experienced a major decline.
The recovery in the domestic industry has been slow, and the demand for scerebral oil has been relatively low, and the demand has generally remained high. Since the third and fourth quarters have generally been the year’s highest demand for crude oil, the surge in the economy’s recovery industry and the improvement in China’s epidemic have pushed up the demand for oil to a higher level, and it is expected that the demand for crude oil will recover seasonally in the second half of the year.
Figure 30: Demand for oil before and after the United States epidemic (million barrels per day) Figure 31: Demand for oil before and after the epidemic in four European countries (million barrels per day) Figure 32: Demand for oil before and after the epidemic in Japan (million barrels per day)
Figure 33: China’s pre- and post-epidemiological demand for oil (million barrels per day) The long-term transport and petrochemical industries will continue to contribute steadily to the growth of demand for crude oil.
Global demand for crude oil will peak in 2025; it is expected that global demand for crude oil will rise steadily by 2030, with road and other shipments and petrochemical products remaining the main driving force behind the increase in oil demand, subject to current and policy-making measures.
2.3 Capital underspending is a core factor, with marginal variables in Iran and Russia remaining the logic of a tight balance between supply and demand at the present time, and capital underspending being a core factor. Global crude oil upstream capital expenditure was $829 billion in 2014, and capital expenditure began to decline significantly in 2015, with two consecutive years.
The global exploration process slowed further in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, with capital spending falling by 29.32 per cent to $352.9 billion on a year-on-year basis. By 2022, according to the eia forecast, global upfront capital spending on crude oil would reach $41.67 billion, although capital spending has recovered in the last two years, in the context of low-carbon transition, the former
Upstream capital spending on oil is unlikely to increase significantly. According to statistics, seven crude oil tap companies combined their upstream capital spending in 2021 amounted to $55,814 million, a decrease of 4.99 per cent compared to the previous year, reflecting a decrease in the willingness of international enterprises to invest in upfront crude oil in 2020.
The decline in capital, the marginal weakening of crude oil supply and the fact that the demand side is currently difficult to replace quickly with new energy sources, suggest, however, that at this point in time, there are still two uncertainties affecting supply and demand: (1) whether Iran’s unreleased production can recover. At present, this depends largely on the United States and Russia.
1 United States: In May 2018, the United States withdrew from the Iran nuclear agreement and unilaterally re-imposed sanctions on Iran, resulting in a serious decline in Iran’s crude oil production. Given the current tight supply of crude oil, if the United States eases sanctions on Iran, take into account the Joint Comprehensive Action Plan developed by Iran and the six international mediators in October 2015
After entry into force, crude oil production per day grew at a rate of 840,000 barrels per day and is expected to rise by 1 million barrels per day by the end of 2023. However, according to Xinhuanet, the visit to Israel by Biden to the Middle East claimed that the United States would use its “all elements of national power” to ensure that Iran did not acquire nuclear weapons, and
A commitment to cooperate with other partners to deal with Iran's “aggression and destabilizing activities”. Thus, the attitude of the United States towards Iran has been difficult to change in the short term.2 Russia: according to the international oil network, on 19 July, with the support of the President of the Russian Federation, the Iranian State
The largest foreign investment agreement ever signed by the Iranian economy was signed by an oil company and a Russian gas industry stock company, which states that Russian gas will invest $40 billion in the Iranian oil industry to help Iran's national oil company develop six fields of oil and gas such as gas fields in Kish and North Pars; in addition, Russian gas will be involved.
With the financial and technical support of Russia, Iran’s crude oil production is expected to recover, while, given the cooperative relationship between Russia and Iran, Iran, which is excluded from the swift system, may benefit from Russia’s “Lub Settlement” for the global export of crude oil.
Despite this, we believe that the release of this part of production will take time, and that there may be little room for Iran to raise production by the end of 2022. (2) India purchases large amounts of Russian oil, then sells it to Europe for processing, and whether the part of the traded oil can be sustained in the long term.
At present, the demand for some of the finished oils in Europe has shifted from the former Russia to India, so the Ministry’s share of the oil supply has not completely disappeared. According to Wind, India’s net exports of the finished oil have shown an upward trend since March, rising by 68.77% in March-April, 706.45% in May, with a slight fall in May.
14.59 per cent; furthermore, the New York Times reports that India exported 21.90 million barrels per day of diesel and other refined oil products to Europe in March, a record high. Considering that this shift in trade flows does not meet the original purpose of the embargo on Russian oil in some European and American countries, and that this may raise the import price of European and American finished oil, it does not rule out that some European and American countries will be affected by this shift in trade flows.
In the short term, the marginal variable at the supply end is Iran’s production space, and the main factor influencing the demand end is the likelihood and intensity of the Fed’s interest hikes to contain inflation. We will have a supply and demand cut for 2022-2023.
On the supply side, production could not recover if Iran did not escape the United States sanctions, assuming that it and 10,000 barrels per day and 1,014.9 million barrels per day; on the supply side, assuming that Iran would be able to release 1 million barrels per day by the end of 2023, and add 100,000 barrels per day to 22q3 and 300,000 barrels per day in 22q4, respectively.
The large gap in demand projections may be due to the stronger expectations of eia for the recession caused by the Federal Reserve ' s interest rate reduction, as a result of which, when measuring supply and demand gaps, we have the following three assumptions: (1) optimistic assumption: Iran ' s failure to succeed in restoring production while the Federal Reserve curbs inflation to the global economy
The impact has been small, with the use of OEC demand projections, resulting in a supply and demand gap for 2022-2023, and a neutral assumption that Iran is less likely to recover production from United States sanctions at this time, as a result of which Iran has not succeeded in increasing production and has used the average demand projections for OEC and eia. The results show that 22q3
The supply of crude oil is larger than demand, but 22q4 will again fall short, and demand and demand will increase by 2023. (3) Pessimistic assumption is that Iran will resume production growth, while the Fed will contain inflation with a larger economic shock, using eia demand projections, thus oversupplying the global supply of crude oil.
Supply chain vulnerability has increased, neutral supply is expected to be insufficient in the next four quarters, oil prices remain resilient, and the average current price of Brent crude oil for the whole year is estimated at $108 per barrel. The contradiction between excess supply and the increase in oil prices in the second quarter of this year is mainly the shift in the flow of oil trade leading to changes in the global crude oil supply and demand structure, resulting in local areas.
The month rose sharply, while the stock as a whole, with the exception of the United States, showed an upward trend, mainly after the European Union showed that the United States exported its own strategic oil reserves to meet the oil demand of European countries, placing pressure on supply and demand in the major oil-consuming regions of Europe and the United States, while some countries actively purchased Russian low-cost crude oil.
As a result, the supply end of the second quarter has not been substantially reduced. Despite recent fluctuations in oil prices as a result of demand expectations, we believe that there is room for a rebound in demand under neutral expectations, so that current oil prices remain resilient and Brent crude oil is expected to be available around $108 per barrel throughout the year.
Figure 40: Current United States stocks are at a low level. Figure 41: Current price trends for Brent crude oil . Stock levels: commercial crude oil: All America (million barrels)
Figure 42: Increases in global crude oil imports since March
3.1 The potential for marine oil and gas development is high, and the technological advantages of corporate resources are evident. Marine oil and gas have become a new growth point in global hydrocarbon resources. From exploration findings, 8 of the top 10 global oil and gas discoveries in 2020 were at sea; and 41 global marine exploration discoveries in 2021 were new and new.
In 2021, there were 86 new oil and gas projects in the world, representing an increase of 43.3 per cent compared to the 43.3 per cent of new oil and gas projects.
52.8 per cent; development investment in new marine oil and gas projects was $57.593 billion, an increase of 95.3 per cent over the same period, accounting for 61.8 per cent of all new oil and gas projects and development investment, with reduced reserves of land-based resources, the focus of exploration areas gradually shifting to maritime areas.
National oil and gas survey data for the fourth country show that residual marine oil technologies account for 34% of China’s remaining oil technologies and 52% of China’s remaining natural gas technologies.
It was revealed that our marine oil resources were detected at an average level of 23 per cent; our natural gas resources were detected at an average of 7 per cent. On the one hand, China ' s marine oil and gas as a whole was detected at a relatively low level, with more resources to be discovered; on the other hand, the reserves of resources to be exploited in the identified reserves were also abundant, and the potential for exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbon resources in the domestic sea was explored.
In terms of crude oil production, the country’s marine crude oil production has increased rapidly, and marine gas is in the early stages of exploration. In terms of crude oil production, the production of crude oil on land has stabilized, and since 2016 production has been significantly reduced, in 2017-2021, yoy accounted for 3.66 per cent of the total increase in crude oil in the country, with marine crude oil increasing by 77.85 per cent; in the case of natural gas, it is higher than in the case of natural gas.
Rapidly, marine gas exploration and exploitation has remained at an early stage since 2017 at a rate of almost 10 per cent, with high yield volatility, with ocean and land natural gas production leading to exploration and exploitation in China ' s maritime areas in 2021 at 199 and 18.7 billion litres, respectively.
One of UNDC’s companies, which had 239 oil and gas prospecting rights in China’s waters by the end of 2020, had an area of approximately 1.3 million square kilometres, representing 95 per cent of the total number and area of prospecting rights in China’s maritime areas, and had a monopoly resource advantage in maritime exploration. As at the end of 2021, the company’s offshore and offshore holdings of blocks and areas operated by China’s foreign and domestic holdings had a monopoly of resources.
The total net amount of blocks accounted for by the equity method is 5,728 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which 57.42 per cent are in China and 36.08 per cent are overseas.
Exploitation of marine hydrocarbon exploration has progressed to the “deep-water depth” area. At present, marine hydrocarbon exploration has expanded to deep-water, ultra-deep-water areas. Globally, investment in marine hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation has reached 38.6 per cent in 2021, up from 4.2 pct in 2020.
In recent years, more than half of all major oil and gas discoveries at sea have been in the deep water, and companies are leading the country in deep water exploration technology. The company has been working on technological development and innovation, building up a complete production system for offshore oil and gas exploration within 500 metres of water, and breaking 1,500 metres of super-deep oil.
Deepwater Atmospheric Field Deep Ocean One (Maalwater 17-2) was successfully launched, while China's 1,500-metre energy station, the world's first 100,000-ton deep-water semi-submarine oil storage platform, the Deep Sea One energy station, was customized for the company's all-sea development model of “semi-submarine production platform + underwater production system + submarine pipeline”.
In addition, the company continues to invest in and make new progress in such key areas as medium- and deep-level exploration techniques, enhanced water-drive and increased production-excavation techniques, and improved harvest rates in oil- and gas-producing fields. In 2021, public research and development costs amounted to 2,926 million yuan, at a cost of 1.19 per cent.
3.2 Capital expenditure guarantees sustainable development when the additional stocks are in progress. The project has a rich reserve and a shelf life of more than 10 years. Over the last five years, the number of new discoveries by companies has remained stable, at around 20 per year, and the reserves for the projects to be explored are rich, and the strategy for oil and gas resources continues.
Over 2013 levels; natural gas reserves have been growing steadily, and in 2021, against a background of confirmed unexploited reserves being adjusted, the company substantially reduced its capital expenditure and, as global demand for oil has recovered, the company ' s capital expenditure has gradually recovered, with exploration inputs remaining at around 20 per cent per year. According to the company, in 2022,
The company obtained large- and medium-sized commercial discoveries in the Yangtze Sea and the west of the South China Sea each year. Of these, 10-2 exploration geological reserves in the Qinghai region exceeded hundreds of millions of tons, breaking down the shallow layers of the Quantities in the Quantities of the Quantities in the Quantities of the Quantities in the Quantities of the Quantities have never found billions of tons of graded rock oil and gas.
On the outside, the company has interest in exploration blocks in a number of countries, including the United States, Canada, Papua New Guinea, and in 2021 the Department obtained six new discoveries in Guyana — uaru-2, longtail-3, whiptail, Pinktail, Turbot-
2 and cataback-1; 2 new discoveries in the first quarter of 2022 - fangtooth and laulau, which by the first quarter had more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent in the block; in addition, based on performance promotion material, the three phases of the Quia Payara project are expected to be operational by the end of 2023, with a peak production of 220,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day.
In 2022, 13 new projects were planned to start production. By the end of the quarter, the company had already started production projects, including the 12-8 oil fields in the western South China Sea, in the eastern part of the country, with a high volume of 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
With a capacity of about 1.4 million barrels per day for the design of oil storage, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, cnoocpetrolium brasiltda, holds an interest in 9.65 per cent of the share of the oil field products in the contract, with an equity capacity of 17.4 million barrels per day.
Against the backdrop of rising external dependence on oil and gas, countries have called for greater domestic exploration for oil and gas, with three barrels of oil having developed a “seven-year action plan” in 2019, thus increasing the capital expenditure and annual production of companies for exploration and exploitation. 3.3 Cost advantages are highlighted, with dividends to be fully realized in the context of higher oil prices.
Vertical contrasts with strong corporate cost controls, with barrel oil costs significantly lower than in 2013. Corporate cost controls are strong, with the full cost of barrel oil falling from $45.02 per barrel equivalent in 2013 to $26.34 per barrel equivalent in 2020, and the full cost of 2021 and 2022q1 barrels recovering, mainly to a large extent.
The full cost of the barrel oil includes operating fees, demolition charges, depreciation amortization, sales administration fees and other taxes other than income tax, of which the cost of operation and depreciation amortization is higher, with a cost of $7.52 per barrel per barrel for the first quarter of 2022, representing 24.58 per cent of the cost of the barrel oil and a depreciation amortization of the barrel oil.
14.94 US$/bbl, or 48.84 per cent. Figure 59: Company full cost of barrel oil (US$/bail equivalent) Figure 60: comparison of barrel oil operation costs in 2020 (US$/bail equivalent)
Horizontally, the company’s operating costs are highly competitive, both domestically and internationally. In the country’s “three barrels of oil”, the company’s barrel operating costs have declined significantly and consistently at their lowest level, and between 2013 and 2021, the company’s barrel operating costs have fallen by $4.42/barrel equivalent to $7.83/barrel equivalent, and the middle oil by $0.93/barrel equivalent.
To $12.30/bail oil equivalent, petrochemicals decreased by $1.32/bail oil equivalents to $17.13/bail oil equivalents. In addition, the company maintained a downward trend in depreciation amortization of barrel oils, which fell to $15.33/bail oil equivalents in 2021, reaching levels similar to those of middle oil and central petrochemicals from 2020.
In terms of operating costs, Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, Confectionery, and Confectionery, respectively, cost 10.2, 8.5, 10.1, 11.0 dollars per barrel, which is equally advantageous for the company’s barrel oil operations compared to the international oil giants. In the context of high oil prices, the company’s single business has dividends.
In addition to the development, the refined oil and chemical industries are covered, but given that the refined oils are downstream from crude oil exploration, high raw material costs for medium-oil and central petrochemicals will be a drag on overall performance in the context of high oil prices. In terms of both companies ' exploration development and refining industry Māori rates over the past few years, both industries have been able to contribute to the development of oil and chemical refineries.
The Māori ratio is clearly negative. In Māori structure, gross profits from petroleum refining are about 50% of the gross profits from the Māori industry and about 70% from the Central petrochemicals, compared to a single business structure for oil exploration and exploitation in China and China, which keeps the Māori ratio high. 2022q1, the Māori ratio from the Central Petroleum and the Central Peaching Corporation is 19.98%, respectively.
3.4 The sea wind is on the agenda for new energy development, with 5-10 per cent capital investment. In May 2019, China Sea Oil established a new sub-energy company, China Sea Oil Melting Energy Co. Ltd., thus accelerating the green low-carbon shift during the 14th Five-Year Period.
The company plans to devote 5-10% of its capital to the development of new energy operations and, by 2025, to seek access to offshore wind power resources at 500-500.
10 million kilowatts, with 1.5 million kilowatts installed, to acquire 5 million kilowatts of wind resources on land, to produce 500,000-1 million kilowatts, to use offshore wind power as an entry point, depending on the advantages of maritime operations and management. The company relies on its rich experience in marine production operations and management, to actively acquire offshore windfield resources and to prioritize two to three oil fields for exploration at sea.
Wind power is a pilot oil field power supply. In September 2020, the company's first offshore wind power project was connected to electricity generation. The rice, 136 kilometres from the shore line, was the country's first “two hundred” deep water and 100 kilometres from the shore, with a projected annual generation of more than 22 million kilowatt-hours after delivery.
4. Profit projection and investment recommendation 4.1. Profit projection assumption and business split, we make the following assumptions:
(2) Sales unit price: based on an analysis of supply and demand gaps in the industry, we believe that the original oil price will fall in the third quarter of 2022, that there will be room for price increases in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, that the current average price of Brent crude oil is expected to be around $108 per barrel for the entire year, and that we expect crude oil sales in 2022-2024, in conjunction with discounts on the price of crude oil sold by the company.
(3) Full cost of barrel oil: The full cost of company barrel oil (excluding windfall taxes) was $29.50 in 2021, and accordingly, we expect the full cost of barrel oil (excluding windfall taxes) to be $33.14/33.12/32.94 per barrel for 2022-2024, respectively, of which:
(b) Field assets will be rapidly upgraded as the company increases its reserves, with depreciation amortization and demolition costs of $16.160.80/17.00 per barrel and $1.10/1.12.1.15 per barrel, respectively;
As a result of the large increase in oil prices this year, business rates are expected to increase slightly and then decrease gradually, resulting in a barrel oil tax estimated at $4.94/4.70/4.29 per barrel, respectively.
Larger, the average spot price of Brent crude oil in the first half of 2022 was $108.09 per barrel, an increase of 66.01 per cent from $65.11 per barrel in the first half of 2021; in 2022, according to our judgement, Brent crude oil spot averaged the highest crude oil production in the country.
China’s oil and China’s petrochemical industry, which is among the leading companies, is seven times the average in 2022. Companies sell oil and gas exploration as independent businesses, and production is expected to increase rapidly over the next three years; companies have a stronger control capacity, the full cost of barrel oil is significantly lower than in 2013 and the cost of barrel oil operations is internationally competitive;
In addition, the company’s future is lower than the comparable corporate average, and Alpha attributes highlight that the valuation has an upscaled scope, is for the first time covered, and is given a “recommended” rating. 1) Exploration for oil and gas is less than expected. The progress of the company’s increased production depends on the company’s revenue and profitability.
Changes, if oil and gas fields in the exploration phase fail to reach production on schedule or if construction time is prolonged by objective factors, will affect the speed at which the company will increase its revenues and profits. (2) The international situation has changed to have an impact on the price of crude oil.
Russian energy trade sanctions and the recent deepening of cooperation between Russia and Iran’s two major crude-oil-producing countries will have some impact on the global supply of crude oil, with the result that oil prices will be generated by changes in the political situation, and) the Fed’s demand for crude oil will fall short of expectations as a result of interest increases or recurrent outbreaks.
A cumulative increase of 150 basis points, but the United States consumer price index rose 9.1% in June compared to the same period the previous year, to prevent inflation, and the Federal Reserve raised again 75 basis points on July 24, which could lead to a reduction in investment, with the result that the high rate of interest hikes could lead to a decline in the economy, with less demand than expected. Likewise, the epidemic will be repeated.
The risk of weakness and demand contraction, 4) the risk of energy policy change. If countries or the world encourage new energy sources and impose direct or intermittent repressive policies on hydrocarbon resources, industry development will be hampered and corporate performance will be affected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.