The rise in oil prices directly boosts corporate profitability: the world’s oil prices rose sharply in the first half of 2022.
In January-June, Brent's crude oil futures (continuous) received an average price of approximately $105 per barrel, an increase of approximately 61 per cent over the same period, close to the highest level ever recorded. As the second largest producer of hydrocarbons in the country, the company's operating income was mainly derived from the sale of its own oil and gas, and its profitability directly benefited from higher oil prices.
1. “The three main areas of oil scarcity in the China Sea!” - China Sea Oil Corporation actively expanded and increased production in storage with positive results: corporate investment was higher than industry as a whole, corporate capital expenditure fell by only a little less than industry as a whole in 2020, and corporate capital expenditure was already on board in 2021.
Growth has been sustained. The company’s output growth has been positive, its output has increased at a higher rate than the industry level, and there are significant variations in the expansionary activity of the oil companies, which have contributed to a “scaling up” of the volume.
Price rises, higher company profit forecasts in 2022, an increase of 8 per cent. 1. Production of oil and gas fields is not as fast as expected: 2. Supply and demand of crude oil are disturbed by unusual disturbances: 3. Impact of data errors across the three sides: 4. Energy policy and the impact of sanctions on business operations: 5. Stock restrictions: 6. Exchange rate risk
The price of oil has risen significantly, and the company has experienced a significant increase in global oil prices in the first half of 2022, when the average price of Brent's crude oil futures (continuous) was received in January-June at approximately $105 per barrel, an increase of about 61 per cent over the same period.
The company, the second largest producer of oil and gas in the country, collects the bulk of its own oil and gas sales and benefits directly from the increase in oil prices.
Companies are more motivated to invest than the industry as a whole and contribute to larger reserves and production. In 2020, corporate capital spending fell far below the industry as a whole, and corporate capital expenditure increased by 12.34 per cent in 2021 on a year-on-year basis, 1. Oil and gas fields are not as fast as expected: oil and gas fields are a long process from exploration to exploitation.
In the process, there may be delays in the commissioning of oil and gas fields.2 The supply and demand of crude oil is disturbed by the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of Iran’s nuclear agreement, and geopolitical events such as the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela or the resulting uncertainty on the supply side.
The potential for oil companies to modify their production plans when the grids remain high, the possibility of a step-by-step increase in the size of the reserves in the United States, the increase in the short-term marginal supply of crude oil, the increase in the Fed ' s interest-added or dollar-led index, which is usually negative for crude oil prices.
In the event that the Fed increases interest rates or disturbs the price of crude oil, the current impact of Omikium on global demand for crude oil has gradually diminished, but the presence of new variants has the potential to negatively affect global demand for crude oil.
3. Triangular tracking data errors have an impact on results: triangular data contain data such as satellite data and oil tanker positioning, data errors include positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, and system errors related to the transmission and receipt of satellite signals.
4. Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: companies have large volumes of offshore hydrocarbon assets, offshore development of hydrocarbon assets and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming changes in energy policies or impacts on business operations in countries where hydrocarbons are produced;
Trade and economic sanctions resulting from the deterioration of the relationship may have a significant adverse impact on the operations, assets or future investments of enterprises within the industry, and at the same time, at different levels of the United States federal, state or local government vis-à-vis certain countries or areas and their residents or designated Governments,
Individuals and entities impose varying degrees of economic sanctions. If the United States imposes sanctions on companies operating in parts of the country or results in a negative impact on their overseas assets; in January 2021, the United States Department of Commerce placed companies on the list of entities or generated a certain amount of international trade for companies.
Prohibition, release of shares at 0.54 per cent of total equity, lifting of sales restrictions or disturbance of stock prices, exchange rate risk: global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars, and companies also have some assets in offshore markets, but corporate reporting is usually in the renminbi, if the renminbi is remitted to the dollar
(b) An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market: