The wise man knows the world, and he's in the middle of the Three Flowers. On 15/06, 2023, 35-carriage sub-divided, and heated management taps go on. The company is the global heat management champion, 2022.
\triangleright electronic expansion valves, new energy car heat management integrated components, microchannel heat exchangers, etc. are the world’s leading markets. Companies have a keen market sense, and the business layout follows the high-growth industry, from home appliances to car zero.
The company continues to perform well, with a 22-year recovery and net return to the mother, a large new-energy car heat management track, and a domestic manufacturer competing for a quick breakout. The new energy car heat management system is more fuel-fuel-driven.
Two new hotlines have been created to give the industry a wide range of incremental space. According to the estimates, the world's new energy sources are expected to be $138.6 billion in 2025, compared to 32.30% in three years. Domestic manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of new energy heat management lanes, taking advantage of the market, 2022, and several enterprises represented by three flowers.
Dom Youngkang is in the lead worldwide on electronic expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, quadruple valves, etc.
\triangleright I, Core Competitiveness in Product Construction: 1) The pre-eminent advantage is that the country was the first to develop an electronic vehicle for its own use.
The research assistant Li Xiaopen, an enterprise with a swelling valve; 2) product arrays are rich and cover all thermal management components except compressors; 3) product structure is upgraded to higher end, relying on the advantage of a rich product array to upgrade product integration.
II. Cost control industry leads: there are synergies between refrigeration and zero operations, adding advantages of scale, and real efficiency gains from research assistant benches. In 2022, the Māori ratio of company zero operations was 25.92 per cent, and electronic expansion of major products was achieved.
The valves have a Māori rate of over 30 per cent and profit levels have been higher than those of their counterparts for many years in a row. Thirdly, the globalization strategy is well structured: 1) client structure is high, company clients cover the top ten wholes of sales, both within and outside the country.
Offshore production bases and marketing centres, close to global customers, and support services to consolidate customer stickyness. Refrigeration provides a basic engine of robust growth.
The microchannel business and the Avico business will have a large future, the company's traditional refrigeration, the robotics industry will be active, and the future will be open. The company's forward-looking robotics industry, and the green 23-year-old report will be evaluated: performance meets expectations, zero operations.
It is hoped that, with the advantage of green harmonic products, it will enter the human robotics supply chain and expand its high-speed exposure by 2023/05/03 2. 3-tri-quarter reporting point (002050.sz) in 2022.
Global markets, building new growth curves: q3 performance meets expectations, refrigeration tap multi-growth curve 3.3 3x3 (002050.sz) semi-annual reporting point 2022
Review: Performance meets expectations, heat management poles are clear, growth curves are clear, future growth space is wide, and “recommended” ratings are maintained.
\triangleright performance is growing steadily, and the thermal management tap is going to improve - 135-carriage sub-dividual tillage, and the heat management tap is going to go up and down
In 1987, the company's predecessor, the New Chang Refrigeration Plant, broke its foreign monopoly and developed two three electromagnetic valves on its own; and in 1994 it worked with foreign investors.
Establishment of a three-channel machine to bring two or three electromagnetic valves into the international market; official listing of the company in 2005, purchase of four four valves, the old company Lanco and the Tetra National Electric Company, Aveco, into the field of home-based zeros, such as dishwashers, coffee machines, etc.; and exchange of microchannels for mini-channels in 2015 and 2017, respectively.
In 2022, the company set up three new energy heat management systems, with a positive layout storage capacity. The three-flower smart controls have become a global heat management provider for chiller power, automobiles, and storage.
The development, production and sale of parts and components and components of auto heat management, including electronic expansion valves, four valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, etc., are widely used in the fields of air conditioning, automobiles, refrigerators, cold chain logistics, dishwashers, etc. After more than 30 years of development, the company has grown into a global refrigeration air conditioning smart control.
The world has the highest market for products such as electronic expansion valves, quadruple valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps. Companies are rich in product categories, with many products leading the world.
A major operation is refrigeration, including refrigeration operations, microchannels and Aweco, with products including four-way valves, electric and electro-magnetic valves, and downstream customers such as American, Gri, Haile, Toshiba, etc., and a second largest operation is car parts and components, with products including electro-inflating valves, heat pump systems, heat-inflating valves, water coolers, etc.
Tourists include Tesla, BMW, General, Volvo, etc. The company is the world's largest supplier of refrigeration control components and the world's leading manufacturer of components of auto heat management systems, and the "3F" refrigeration smart control devices have become a world-renowned brand and a strategic partner for many car and air-conditioning refrigeration manufacturers.
1.2 Shares are concentrated, equity incentives are well developed, corporate equity structures are stable, and the Zhang family is actually in control of the company. The actual control of the company is over Zhang Taoist, Zhang Yapo and Zhang Shapo, who owns more than 50% of the company's shares, either directly or indirectly.
The company has a relatively concentrated shareholding, which is more conducive to decision-making on important matters.
The president of the company, Zhang Yabo, is the founder of the company, Zhang Tao Jian's son, who graduated from Shanghai Transport University in mechanical manufacturing and equipment and low-temperature technology.
M.A. in Business Administration, Central European Institute of International Business and Industry (CEIBA), since 1997, has been working in the Tripoe Group as Vice-President, Director, Managing Director, Director, Chairman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, with a solid professional background and extensive business management experience. In addition, the company has implemented five equity incentives since 2018.
• Master's degree, an undergraduate degree, University of Shanghai, University of Transport, Saifemba;
January 2011 to October 2014 as our Chief Procurement Officer; October 2014 to date as Vice-President of our company; 1.3 Business income has steadily increased, and zero business has accelerated growth
At the rate of increase, operating income rose from 2.88% in the same year to 52.81% in 2022, the company increased its business income from q1 in 23 years to 35.20% in zero per cent of net domestic and foreign income.
The share of zero revenue rose rapidly from 11.18 per cent in 2017 to 35.20 per cent in 2022, and the refrigeration business combined microchannels with the Aveko business since 2019, with a long-term stable profit level in 2022 and at the forefront of the industry.
Interest rates are almost equal. Overall, the company ' s Māori rate has stabilized over the long term at around 25%, with a slight decline in the company ' s Māori rate between 17 and 21 years, mainly due to the rise in the price of copper aluminium, freight and labour costs of raw materials.22 Cost rates have been effectively reduced during the period and cost control capabilities have continued to increase.
The cost rates for the period 2023q1 were 6.95 per cent, 8.92 per cent and 8.92 per cent respectively for the period of wheel shares, Kreime, Otega and Soongba, respectively, and the cost of sales for the company has been declining steadily in recent years, from 2018 to 2023q1, from 4.91 per cent to 2.21 per cent, compared with comparable companies.
In terms of financial costs, companies account for about 50% of their overseas earnings, overseas export operations are predominantly based on the United States dollar, affected by the appreciation of the United States dollar against the renminbi, and exchange gains have changed, with a financial cost rate of 0.88% for 2023q1.
The heat management system for cars is critical to the safety of cars and the comfort of driving.
Parts and components are made up of components whose main task is to control and manage the heat of the whole vehicle and to ensure that the temperature of the cockpit and the interior of the vehicle is within a reasonable range, thereby achieving the objectives of safety of the vehicle, comfort in driving, energy efficiency, etc. The heat management system of the car can be divided into heat management for the comfort of the cockpit and power systems, depending on the heat management.
Thermal management for the cockpit depends mainly on air conditioning systems, which regulate temperature in the vehicle by air conditioning and cooling; heat management for the power system in the fuel vehicle, which cools the engine, the transmission tank, and temperature management for the “three power systems” (cells, generators, electrical controllers).
The power cell replaces the engine, and the new engine requires an additional three-power system and a cabin-based hotline.
2500°C, which can reach 1000°C even if the burn temperature is running at the idle speed, the heat management system needs to cool it down by wind or water cooling, so that the engine works at the optimal temperature. During winter, part of the heat generated by the engine can be transported by cooling water to the cockpit for heating the vehicle, and the cockpit only needs to be added to the additional air-conditioning cooling system.
For new energy car heat management, similar to fuel vehicles, the heat management system requires the radiation of three power systems, including batteries, electric machines and electrical controllers, with excessive temperatures that reduce battery efficiency and threaten battery safety and life; unlike fuel vehicles, fuel cars do not have to worry about engine temperatures.
For new energy vehicles, however, too low temperatures can reduce battery charger performance and capacity, while the heat in the cell is not enough to heat the vehicle and the air-conditioning lines are required in the cabin. Thus, new energy, car heat management, requires two additional heat systems, one for the three power systems under cold conditions and the other for the human cabin.
The thermal management system for fuel trucks is dominated by mechanical parts and more electronic parts for new energy vehicles. The main components of the heating management system for fuel trucks are: evaporation, compressors, condensers, radiators, pumps, swelling water tanks, cooling fluids, gas cylinders, coolers, heaters and other accessories, relying on gas, water or oil as a medium.
Qualitatively completes the cooling cycle, and the pump works to increase the speed of the refrigerant flow in the refrigerant pipeline and accelerates the cooling process.
The main function of the heater is to act as a place for heat exchange between batteries and refrigerants, which transmits battery heat to refrigerants through a layer of heat change; many water valves can switch between tubes, e.g. from battery cooling to battery heating, or from cooling.
Small cycles switch to large cycles, increasing cooling effects; ptc is an electric heater with a multilayer distribution of surfaces Thermal structure, which can heat the medium by heat transfer of flowing gases and liquids, and can be pumped to batteries by adding electron expansion valves, cut-off valves, four-way valves to core parts in cockpit heat management.
The effect of the valves is to control the refrigerant flow through the telecommunications generated by the regulated parameters, the precision of which directly affects the refrigeration/heat-making effects of air conditioning; the four-way valves change the flow of refrigerants by changing the flow route of the refrigerants, thereby switching the refrigeration and heat-making functions of the air conditioning in the warehouse.
2.2 Three major upgrades to the heat management system are clear, and energy efficiency is a determined evolutionary direction for the electric car heat management system. There is an increasing number of new energy truck providers and heat management system providers have started to replace the ptc heater for heat pump air conditioners, green and green.
Refrigerator, integrated components, etc.. Research and development. In the context of the increasing energy density of power cells, it has been decided to upgrade their low-temperature energy efficiency and to recover and recycle energy from within the new energy vehicle. The current trend of heat management systems is 2.2.1 heat pump air conditioners instead of pttc heaters.
Thermopump system works differently from the ptc heater. Thermopump air conditioner has both cooling and heating functions, with the cooling cycle similar to that of a conventional fuel vehicle, and the heating system is the core change point. The heat process of the heat pump air conditioner is similar to reverse cooling in the cockpit and the air outside the vehicle, and the heat outside the vehicle is transferred to the vehicle via cooling.
So heat can be made, so the cooler of the heat pump system can flow in both directions. And the ptc heater is carrying heat cores made of multiple heat-sensitive composites and placing metal radiators around it, making heat by heating the power of the core, blowing the heat through the air conditioner, which is the whole idea.
The heat pump system leads to an increase in the mileage extension and the value of the bicycle. The principle that the heat pump air conditioner is different from the ptc makes the following differences in the application of the new car: 1) The heat pump air conditioner is more efficient in low-temperature energy efficiency.
The power of the heat pump air conditioner is always less than 1 while the efficiency factor of the heat pump air conditioner is greater than 1 and it is possible to extend the mileage during winter heating. According to the actual measurements of the vehicle on board, the heat pump air conditioner system can be reduced by 50% compared to the ptc mode.
Thermal pump air conditioning technology is difficult. The system is more complex and more mounted in high-end vehicles than the ptc, which requires multiple electro-inflation valves, electromagnetic valves and quadruple valves for refrigeration and control purposes. The heat pump air conditioning increases the value of the bicycles. In low-temperature environments below -10°C, the heat pump air conditioning is made by it.
As a result, most new energy vehicles are now equipped with heat pump systems and ptc heaters at the same time, and the value of the bicycles increases further. In the case of BMW3, vehicles are also equipped with ptc heaters and heat pump systems, which increase the heat pump exchangers, 4 cut-off valves, compared to the pure ptc system.
Two electron-inflated valves and one single-way valve. According to company subscription data, the value of the new heat pump system is about as high as the acceptance of the heat pump system, with many well-known new cars carrying heat pump air conditioning. In 2021, well-known car companies accelerated the use of heat pump air conditioning, and Tesla, Biadi, the general population, pelican, apes, etc. were introduced.
The heat pump model, which was upgraded in 2021 by Teslamodel3, was also converted from pure ptc heating to heat pump heating, with most of the new energy vehicles carrying heat pumps being medium- and high-end.
Global refrigerant upgrades, with zero-odp and low gwp as trends. Refrigerants are vectors of thermal circulation in thermal management systems, absorb heat in reversible phase, and complete heat transfer. odp and gwp are ozone-depletion potential and global warming potential values, respectively, used to measure the depletion of substances to the ozone layer.
The lower the capacity and impact on global warming, the more environmentally friendly the substance is, the more important reference in the choice of refrigerants, which have evolved four generations. The first generation is chlorofluorocarbons (CFcs), and the first generation is chlorofluorocarbons (CFcs).
Substances, which cause significant damage to the ozone layer, have now been phased out globally; second generation refrigerants are hydrochlorofluorocarbons (hcfcs), representing products of r22, r123 and, although less damaging to the ozone layer, gwp is up to 1700, resulting in a severe greenhouse effect that has been phased out in European and American countries; third generation refrigerants are hydrofluorocarbons (hfcs), for purposes of purpose.
The most widely used refrigerants, representing products such as r134a, r410a, with a low but high gwp, 18 hfcs included in the 2016 Kigali Amendment and a phase-out schedule, and major countries such as Europe have also issued restrictions on refrigerant gwp, which are now on a large scale.
R134a refrigerants will be limited in exports. The fourth generation of refrigerants is developed in the direction of hydrofluorocarbons (HFos) and natural industrial-type substances with low odp and low gwp characteristics, represented by r1234yf and co2, which are in a small-scale application phase.
r1234yf has advantages with co2 refrigerants, which are the mainstream of HFC refrigerant substitution. r1234yf is the refrigerant introduced by Dubon and Hornewell in the United States, with low-dodp, lowgwp characteristics, close to r134a, and therefore less compatible in replacing r134a.
The thermal management hardware system has been modified, but there is a need to address the safety risks associated with its micro-flammableity. Co2 is a natural product that is much more environmentally friendly, safe and very low because of the availability of raw materials. But co2 needs to work across critical states with a critical pressure of 7.4 pa, far higher than r1234yf and so on.
His refrigerant, which is less compatible with the hardware of the already existing heat pump system, has increased the technical difficulty of the components of the thermal management system in order to achieve the state of work of the co2 refrigerant. The working pressure of the co2 during the cooling cycle in supercritical conditions has reached 7.4 mpa, well above that of r134a, r410a.
4.1mpa, 4.8mpa, therefore spare parts such as compressors, tubes, valves, heat exchange equipment already in place for road access are not guaranteed to function properly at high pressure and further design and development of high pressure resistant components is required. At the same time, co2 is used as a result of human exposure in an environment where co2 concentrations exceed 10%, resulting in suffocation and serious injury.
Refrigerant cars need to carry the pressure sensors in the current CO2 pressure monitoring system. Some domestic enterprises have a deep technological build-up in the manufacture of important components of the co2 refrigeration system (e.g. electro-inflated valves, liquid coolers, water pumps, compressors, etc.) and in the design of the co2 thermal pump system.
Domestic firms such as China have started the development and production of co2 heat pump systems and related components. 2.2.3 Integration into a consensus of car companies Integration into integration allows for fine-tuning of whole-car heat management.
Low heat production is insufficient and, by adding secondary heat circuits for power cells and electrical systems and integrating them with the heat pump system, the residual heat of the three power systems can be recovered, thereby reducing or even removing reliance on ptc heaters, and the thermal transmission path is shortened during integration and loss and loss is reduced during heat management.
Many car companies have introduced integrated heat management models, such as the Modely of Tesla, the Biadi dolphins, and which thongs. Figure 20: Biadi dolphin heat management integration valves
The heat pump system carried by Teslamodedy is the representative product of a highly integrated system. The core component eight, a valve as an integrated valve module of the system, can be seen as an integration of two traditional product four valves to manage complex heat management system tubes and to help complete heat interactions between circuits with super-preparative and originality.
With the high-integration heat pump system in place, Modely removed the high-pressure ptc heater. In the trend of integration, the market space for the higher self-manufacturing of parts of the thermal management system increased. As the integrated system involved more parts, suppliers with abundant product arrays could expand the market in the sale of products.
In addition, suppliers with high self-production rates and high production lines can use their own systems design, integration and technical advantages to develop customized products in collaboration with car companies to stimulate company growth. 2.3 Fuel car heat management giants are trapped, and home-grown firms can use new energy vehicle heat management.
Global auto heat management markets are monopolized by giants, with a high concentration of markets. With the technical advantages of passing on zero items of air-conditioning heating management, foreign firms such as Japanese electric appliances and South Korea's Hanang have entered the traditional fuel-car heat management system earlier into the supply chain, with significant pre-emptive advantages, almost monopolizing the global car heat management market.
In 2020, four companies in Japan, Korea, Hannon, France, Fareo, and Germany, took up a 64% share of the global car heat management market, with a higher market concentration. Nationally produced firms chose the new energy heat management track, with a 21-year rate for the electronic expansion valve.
82.50%. When the traditional fuel truck market is divided by foreign firms, the rise of new energy vehicles provides a second track for global heat management system providers, and national producers take advantage of opportunities to move from new energy heat management components such as electronic expansion valves, heat exchangers, etc. to new energy heat management products.
Business chains, developed into new energy heat management system providers. Some of the home-grown clients now cover the world’s leading car firms and new car-making forces, and use their own industrial chain advantages to work with their customers to deepen their efforts to enter some markets, using e-inflating valves as an example.
With a market size of $141 million, expected to reach $737 million in 2028, or 26.65 per cent for cagr, China is currently the largest producer of the world's new energy car electronic expansion valves, accounting for 82.50 per cent of the market share, with national producers accounting for 90 per cent of the market share of Tripod, the shield environment and Japan's tgk.
Figure 25: Projections of the size of the market for the electronic expansion valves of new energy vehicles (millions of United States dollars)
The new energy car heat management system has increased the value of fuel vehicles by over $4,000. In cockpit heat management, the new energy vehicle cooling programme is similar to the fuel vehicle, both of which are carried out through the electrical compressor cooler-condenser-inflated valve-evaporation cycle. The difference is that the conventional thermal expansion valves need to be converted to electronic expansion valves, adding value.
Heating options include ptc and heat pump programmes, with a simple ptc programme structure and good heat-making, but there are too many power defects. The heat pump programme can reduce electricity consumption by up to 50% compared to the ptc model.
The total core product value has been raised from $2230 to $6410, while the value of new energy car heat management has been nearly twice as high as that of a fuel truck. New energy vehicles have accelerated penetration, and the market space for heat management is wide.
According to ggii, we expect 46% domestic penetration and 25% global penetration in 25 years; based on new penetration rates, China will sell up to 13,95 million new cars in 25 years and 23.9 million globally. Based on the value of new energy vehicles, 25 years of new cars are projected.
Based on the above analysis, we assume that:
The value of single vehicles has been reduced by about US$ 1,000, or about US$ 5410, by switching to valves, heat exchangers, electro-inflated valves, and electromagnetic valves; the value of single vehicles has been estimated at US$ 9,000, based on the price of the co2 heat pump kit selected by popular Id.3; and the value of bicycles has declined by 2 per cent per year as the production of the scale has been made.
Global scale of new energy heat management = global sales of new energy vehicles* (value of ptc route bicycle * value of the heat pump route + value of the heat pump road * value of the heat pump route + value of the heat pump route + value of the co2 heat pump route * value of the co2 heat pump route * rate of penetration of the heat pump route *), based on the above formula, it is estimated that the global market space for new energy car heat management will be 775, 1025 and 1386 million dollars in 23-25 years, respectively,
3 The advantages of new energy heat management are highlighted, the vanguard position is strong, 3.1 pre-emptive advantages are significant, and the heat management product is fully covered with the 3.1.1 forward-looking auto heat management system
The company was the vanguard of the domestic steam zero industry, with the first new energy car heat management. In 1987, the stock began with the development of car heat expansion valves, in 2004 it was created with the first major product remaining the conventional fuel vehicle core, the thermal expansion valves and the water receptacles of the thermal management components, and with the innovation of the new energy vehicle technology, the three flowers started to grow.
Major research and development of products suitable for new energy vehicles such as electro-inflation valves, battery coolers, etc.; establishment of the Three Flowers Automobile in 2009 Thermal Development Research and Development Centre and initiation of research and development of electronic-inflation valves for vehicles; electronic expansion valve production in 2014 and production for the entire year 2016, amounting to 1,299 million; and formal integration of the three-brand zero in 2017, public intelligence.
The company has a rich product system, a strong product research and development capability, and a high-quality customer resource.
Environment, Aotearoa, Silver Wheels in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and companies are keenly aware of changes in the automobile industry, actions are closely aligned with industry development processes, more diverse than comparable 3.1.2 products, and high self-supply rates for integrated components
The company produces a wide variety of products, covering many components of the auto heat management system. The components of the auto heat management system are divided into the following categories: compressors, valves, heat changers, pumps, and heat pump systems. In 2017, when the company acquired three-squares, it already had a rich array of new energy vehicle heat management products, including electricity.
In addition, the technological homogeneity between refrigeration parts and car heat management components provides a solid basis for the development and production of a new energy vehicle heat management system.
The company is one of the few suppliers that can supply valves, pumps, heat changers, and heat pump systems simultaneously. For example, the heat management system for new energy vehicles is moving towards integration.
The installation of the fourth generation heat management system, using eight valves developed by the company, integrates various components of the heat management system, which greatly enhances the ease with which vehicles are assembled and later maintained. Compared to their counterparts, the company produces products with new energy, high coverage of parts and components for heat management, high self-production of integrated modular components, and a rich array of products helps the public.
While the Division obtains higher sales volumes when its clients centralize their purchases, continuing to explore product spectrometry under existing layouts will further enhance corporate competitiveness in the context of integration trends. 3.2 Core components are superior in performance and integrated components lead to product structural upgrading.
The company relies on the advantages of the component products to develop integrated components, and the structure of the products rises to high-value, high-tech barriers. In the case of the component products, the car uses the electronic expansion valve as the company’s star product, and the market is the number one all over five years in a row; in the case of the integrated component products, the research and development of the integrated heat pump system is the central strategic direction for the company’s development.
The company now has a deep technological reserve and the components are beginning to be produced. 3.2.1 The vehicle uses the electro-inflated valve to continue to overlap, building industry's leading product power The electro-inflated valve (exv) is used as a throttle to regulate the flow of refrigerants entering the refrigeration device according to pre-set procedures.
A study of the performance of electro-inflation valves in electric car air conditioning systems shows that an electro-inflation valve can increase the flexibility of refrigerant control and respond more quickly to changes in vehicle operating conditions.
By 2004, the domestic electronic expansion valves were mainly imported, and the company began to develop the first generation of electronic expansion valves from scratch, which was tried out in 2004, but did not succeed.
Then, the company stepped up the pace of autonomous development, creating second and third generation products, and in 2014, the company developed and delivered its own electronic expansion valve, and in 2017, the company won the first of its kind in the world's automobile industry, with its new electronic expansion valve, the Oscar Gold Award Paceaward Award.
The company’s e-inflating valves are superior to its corporate performance. The e-inflating valves developed by the company are characterized by small spaces, light weights, low noise, speed of operation, and application of two-way heat pump systems.
In the medium range, O series products can have a total of 2,000 open pulses, significantly increasing the control accuracy of step-in motors compared to 500; ts1 series products have a nominal capacity of refrigerants that exceeds comparable companies in different refrigerant systems at the same diameter; r series products can be used in co2(r744) refrigerant systems, with higher working pressure and drive
Valve pressure differentials enable companies to adapt their products to co2 refrigerant high-pressure working environments. Based on air conditioning test criteria, the lab rack test conducted by the Association of Car Engineers (sae) shows that the company's electronic expansion valves can increase the efficiency of the traditional vehicle refrigeration system by more than 10%, in combination with electric car battery coolers.
In this case, it is possible to balance the cooler with the evaporation efficiency and increase the continuous product renewal and optimization of the company’s fleet of electric vehicles. Since the company’s autonomous development of the air-conditioning electro-inflated valve, it has promoted low-cost, low-noise, long products through changes in materials, structural design, production processes, etc.
Life expectancy, high environmental protection, etc.. The q series, o series, s series, t series, t series and r series have been introduced, and the most recent e-series product has been developed.q Series characteristics: valves are no longer bronze, but use stainless steel to effectively extend the life of the product; coils
Thermoplastic resin covers, water-resistant, thunder-resistant, insulation features. S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S. Upgraded the q-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S. Upgraded to the dome, raising the valve-S-S-S-S-S-S.
t-series features: upgrades to the s-series. Valve cores have been added that pass through four symmetrical circulation vents, which act as a counter-flow buffer to discourage refrigerant sound, while avoiding the direct exposure of valve needles to refrigerant shocks and prolonging the valve ' s useful life.
r Series characteristics: the greatest bright spot in the r series is the ability to adapt to co2 refrigerants, the capacity of valve components to withstand a significant increase in pressure, which provides an important hardware base for the development of the company ' s co2 thermal pump system. ° Series characteristics: the greatest bright spot in the ox series is the number of dry hyperpulses and low noise properties.
Add three-tier gears to the machine system, increase product pulses to 2,000 times, increase control accuracy significantly, and the cogs. Wheel buffers reduce product noise to below 45 dB. 3.2.2 From spare parts to integrated components, the heat pump product is in the forefront of the industry.
From the point of view of the key components, the company actively deploys the heat pump assemblies and systems. To make the flow of refrigerant switch and control of the auto heat pump system depend on components such as multi-twixt switch valves, electromagnetic cut-off valves, electron expansion valves, gas fluid separators, one-way valves, etc. Because the company has a rich array of products covering electronic expansion valves, quadruple valves, etc.
Key components of the thermal pump integration system, such as electromagnetic valves, single-way valves, gas fluid separators, the company, with its high-quality strength and self-sustainability advantages, continues to grow in the direction of system integration upgrades by deep-cultivating heat pump assemblies and heat pump systems.
Technical barriers, enhancement of the company ' s product strength, company ' s 2021 market share of new energy vehicle heat management integrated components, figure 35: typical car heat pump system parts, heat pump integration modules that combine key components to effectively reduce energy losses. Fluid management modules are developed by the company.
Thermal pump integration component consists of three main components: one, a throttle component: an electron expansion valve and a single-way valve; two, a diversion component: a four-threshold valve; and three, a gas-separation component: a gas separators. The fluid management module will be a fragmented, zero-disassembly assembly that allows multiple functions such as cooling, diversion and separation from the gas fluid, while reducing decentralization.
The cooling tubes required for the heat pump system are partially cost-effective in improving the heat management efficiency of the pump system by reducing the flow of pipes. Co_2 Refrigerant components are being developed at the forefront, and the boost Co_2 heat pump is being rolled out.
R134a refrigerants are more efficient, environmentally friendly and accessible, and have become one of the major developments in future heat pump systems. Since 2015, the company has developed components and now has four-way co2 heat pumps for products such as valves, single-way valves, ball valves, electron expansion valves, and pressure controllers.
The valves, with a completely new design, met client requirements for the use of cross-critical refrigeration systems, received the 2021 Refrigeration Exhibition Innovation Product Award, and were included in the catalogue of energy-saving and eco-environmental products of the Chinese Refrigeration Society for 2020-2021. The components of the co2 thermal pump system developed by the company have been matched to parts of the European model.
Figure 37: Sample of corporate co2 products (part of) Ball valve-cbvt 4 to valve-shf series
Single valve-bcv series Electronic expansion valve-dpf(r) series Pressure controller
By operating a valve, it can open the circuit for switching refrigerants to control the one-way flow of refrigerants.
Use, detect co2 concentrations, or cut the refrigerant flow path.
Prevent reversion of refrigerants. Provide timely feedback to the system.
3.3 High-intensity R & D inputs, high-tech barriers 3.3.1 High innovation in R & D inputs, sustained investment in R & D by companies, first in number. In R & D, in 2022, R & D investments were 9.89
In terms of patents, high levels of R & D inputs have led to continuous patents and new products produced by companies, with a steady increase in the number of domestic and foreign patent authorizations and patents granted by companies between 2018 and 2022.
Research and development projects, on the one hand, focus on upgrading existing production performances, such as the development of e-inflated valves based on ts-type electro-inflated valves, and the optimization of noise.
and the development of higher performance, lighter drainage pumps based on electronic pumps to enhance product competitiveness; on the other hand, focusing on new products, research and development of new technologies, such as the development of heat pump module product for environmentally friendly refrigerants (co2), the development of a heat pump market, the development of stainless steel materials electromagnetic valves to adapt to non-leading requirements, and the development of a thermal pump model based on the integration of valves
3.3.2 The technological process continues to change, and innovation provides a continuing power. Electronic expansion valves: technologies and processes have high barriers. Electronic expansion valves are a key element in the thermal management system.
Fluid components, hardware, require durability, good sealing, low noise and ability to work in high-pressure systems; software, for example, requires precision control, speed of response, etc.
With respect to hardware, the company continuously upgrades technology, tries new processes to optimize the sealing, durability and noise of the product, and adapts to the needs of downstream enterprises. For example, the company uses thermal plastic resin to replace the original process.
Art, with a significant increase in the insulation of the coils, while materials selected for the new process can be recycled and reused, avoiding the problem of raw material that can be used under pressure to produce odours and effectively improving the workshop operating environment; using plating techniques such as filtration techniques such as cathode vacuum arcs or magnetic control jets, product life has increased several to ten times.
With regard to software, companies match external chips by self-recording algorithms, product integration lin or can communication and self-diagnostic smart components that combine a function of self-diagnosticity, with a high level of technological excellence in international markets, and technological upgrading projects that drive upgrading of the industrial chain.
The upgrading of process levels through the acquisition of advanced processing equipment such as auto assembly wires, auto-assembly test lines, heat tolerance test stations, heat pressure cycling test stations, etc., while integrating the technologies of networking of materials, and the continuous and grid-based integration of production processes, in line with global events, in such areas as energy car heat management components, heat pump components, heat exchange units and electron expansion valves
3.4 The advantages of scale are significant, with the cost-control industry leading with a high return from the 3.4.1 scale-up effect and a rapid expansion in revenue from zero operations. From 2017 to 2022, corporate zero operations accounted for the total revenue ratio.
Examples increased from 11.18 per cent to 35.20 per cent, and the company ' s sales of new energy car heat management products reached 64.36 per cent in 22 years, ranking first in the world in terms of its share of electronic expansion valve sales.
Figure 41: The company’s e-inflation valves are ranked first in terms of the tgk-based environment in Japan’s tgk-editorial environment, with significant scalable effects and deep corporate cost advantages.
There is a high market rate, a high concentration of such products, economies of scale through very high levels of production and marketing, and new entrants have difficulty in obtaining alternatives to the bottom type of products through substantial R & D inputs, on the one hand, and the corresponding energy cost per 10,000 RMB in corporate zero operations has been reduced from $322.9 to $269.7 per 10,000.
In 2022, the Māori rate for the zero gas business reached 25.92 per cent, while the main product, the electronic expansion valves, thermostats, and the battery coolers, always ranked first in the company's combined Māori ratio, with significant cost advantages.
There are synergies between traditional refrigeration and zero-air products. The two products of the company have a certain similarity, with electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, cut-off valves, electromagnetic valves, electric switch valves, gas fluids, etc. products not only of technical homogeneity, but also of raw materials procurement, production processes and production lines, supply chains, etc.
In the case of electro-inflated valves, the raw materials used in the air conditioner and in the car for the electro-inflated valves are metal aluminium, the same processes used in the manufacture of components cleaning, parts assembly, magnetic charge, tube welding, sex testing, helium testing, etc. The synergies in raw materials, equipment procurement and production line layouts are:
The company brings a significant cost advantage. Figure 44: ACs use electro-inflated valves in combination with car-inflated electro-inflated valve processes
3.5 Globalized strategic layout and high-quality client enabler performance growth 3.5.1 Production base and marketing network globalization
Companies have continued to globalize their production research and development bases and marketing networks. Currently, companies have established offshore production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc., to reduce transport distances and save freight costs.
North American systems plants such as O, Air Conditioning International and Hanon; Polish base supply to European mainframe plants; Mexican base cover of the North American MicroTracks; Vietnam, Indian factories serve domestic car customers; and companies have established offshore companies in Japan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc.
Companies have also developed a cadre of business managers who can adapt to the needs of different countries and regions for business expansion, laying the groundwork for the public sector to open up overseas users. Overseas receipts are far higher than comparable firms in the country.
The company’s responsiveness to overseas clients has been faster and more efficient, and in recent years its share of overseas receipts has remained constant at around 50%, reaching 46.52% in 2022, far higher than that of domestically competitive firms. The company’s Māori performance abroad is higher than that of domestic operations, with overseas operations contributing more than 50% of the company’s overall Māori contribution.
3.5.2 A global downstream front-line enterprise with a high client structure The company's client cover the mainstream car factory and the zero-grade car provider, both inside and outside the country. In the whole car factory, the company works with a well-known new energy company outside China to get Tesla, Daimler, General, Volvo, BMW, the general public, Odys,
New energy platform orders for overseas vehicles, such as psa, as well as domestic orders for cars such as Biadi, Uri, Ideas, Peng, Uplift, Gilly, and Chang-An, are mainly accompanied by valves, pumps, and heat exchange products. With regard to zero-scale suppliers, companies work with well-known parts and components such as Fareo, Mahler, and Han-ang.
High-quality clients provide companies with a wealth of hand orders. Car companies such as steam, utility, BMW, Biadey, etc. have worked closely with the company, and orders have been announced in 2019 for an estimated $8.8 billion. Battery caps have been cooled.
The company’s top five clients have been stable and sticky in recent years. In 2022, the company’s top five clients combined their business in favor of modularized purchases, adding joint R & D advantages between the company and customers such as Tesla.
In 2022, the global electrical and chemical storage project installed more than 119gwh, an increase of 80.69 per cent in the same year; the domestic electrical and chemical storage capacity increased by 59.59 per cent in the same year.
One of the core components of the storage system is the potential for future market space as the power-chemical storage capacity increases. We predict that in 2025 the global capacity will reach 520 gwh, or 54.99%.
Three flowers have most of the core components in the field of storage heat management. Microchannel heat exchangers are the core parts of the company's energy thermal solution, while the company also owns core components such as the frequency changer, the electro-inflated valve, the plate change, the water cooler and the water spring. At the system solution level, the three flowers have the response on the liquid, straight cold system.
With experience and advantages, as well as the advantages of integrated cooling system programmes, the company is currently creating a new energy heat management division in March 2022, with the formal placement of the energy heat management related operations, which is expected to benefit the rapid growth of the storage market and lead to a third growth curve.
Traditional refrigeration operations are smooth and components are well-established. 4.1 Refrigerant parts and components champions, with robust growth in performance. The company is the leading global manufacturer of refrigeration electrical parts and components, with robust growth in refrigeration plate operations.
For more than 30 years in the field of refrigeration components, autonomously developed major components of refrigeration appliances such as electro-inflated valves, quadruple valves, cut-off valves, electromagnetic valves, micro-channel heaters, omega pumps, among which the air-conditioning electro-inflated valves, quadruple valves, electromagnetic valves, micro-radiators, etc. are among the world ' s leading markets and industries in recent years.
Thus, the development of the air conditioning and refrigerator industries has slowed down, with domestic refrigerator sales of 1 per cent in 2012-2021, household air conditioning sales of 4 per cent, and companies achieving steady growth in the refrigeration sector through the development of microchannel operations and the Avico business. In 2022, the company’s total revenue on refrigeration plates was 13.83 billion yuan, an increase of 23.31 per cent.
4.2 Innovative technologies to build product power with new versions of AC energy efficiency standards place higher demands on the performance of valve products. With the introduction of the new AC energy efficiency standards, fixed-speed ACs and FACs no longer have separate evaluation systems and energy efficiency grade indicators are further enhanced.
It means that the share of energy-efficient VACs in the domestic air-conditioning market will increase further, and the demand for VAC-combined valves will increase further. In addition, air-conditioning, which includes heat removal, heat defrosting, etc., is more popular with consumers, and these functions will need to be performed by electro-inflation valves in conjunction with compressors under the system algorithms, as well.
Companies have developed products that are technologically superior. Companies have achieved a great deal of patents and technology in the field of refrigeration parts, and many autonomous R & D products have broken through technological barriers in foreign firms.
Magnetic valves that break the monopoly of the United States of America, Parker, Danforth and Ike, using dual seal design, kinetic inertia optimization techniques that can be used in various types of central air conditioning and refrigeration equipment, are now accompanied by gravity, beauty, trane, United States of America, Kelly, France, Italian Isa, Italian Clivet, etc.
The self-researched dpf(s03) high-volume electron expansion valve fills the gap in our large-volume electron expansion valve market, which used to have only a few companies, such as Japan's Orang Palace and Danforth, Denmark, that had a productive capacity and used processes such as a body-forming, flex-connected structure, powder metallurgical pressurization, etc. that could be used in commercial refrigeration, production, etc.
4.3 The capacity expansion plan is steadily advancing. The company has sufficient capacity, and the capacity utilization and distribution rates are maintained at a high level. Four valves, cut-off valves, air conditioners, and electronic expansion valves have 8081, 11493 and 4969 million units in 2020, respectively, with a capacity utilization rate of 8081, 4969 million units in 2020.
The company has sufficient capacity to meet its clients’ needs. In addition, the company is building 65 million commercial refrigeration, smart control units and 50.5 million energy-efficient refrigeration and air-conditioning control units and retrofitting projects, which will be further expanded and improved upon completion of the project.
4.4 Microchannel technology accumulates and grows in a wide range of spaces. Microchannel heat exchangers are 0.5-3 mm diameter heat exchangers, with aluminium alloys as the lead road material, and are used mainly in a variety of areas, such as household, commercial air conditioning and refrigeration transport, and food cold chains, compared to the traditional copper tube aluminium wings.
The heat efficiency of heat exchange can be increased by 30%, the volume reduced by 30%, weight reduced by 50%, the refrigerant by 30%, while avoiding the use of more costly and less efficient copper materials, better able to achieve energy-efficient, ring microchannel products ahead of research and development and build up technological advantages. The company began to switch heater products from microchannels in 2006.
After 15 years of accumulation, the development of microcreator, microchannel evaporation, microchannel heat, pump heaters, microchannel water tank heaters, etc., became the world’s leading producer and seller of chiller microchannel heat exchangers, with the world’s largest market share in 2021. North America is currently the host of microchannel heat exchangers.
In order to enter the market, the company is one of the first companies in the country to be certified by the ul product system and by the production of ped pressure products, requiring multiple certifications through ul certification, ped certification, rohs environmental recognition of raw materials, etc.
Microchannel technology was first applied to the automobile industry because of its efficiency, energy efficiency, compactness, but there were problems of poor drainage, uneven distribution of refrigerants, rapid frosting, and failure to bend. Companies developed flat tubing techniques, currents, etc. in response to these problems.
A number of core technologies, such as tube bending technology, refrigerant distribution technology, wing drainage technology, heat pump defrosting technology, have been used to promote the use of microchannel products in the field of air conditioning.
The company works with key North American clients to set up a long-term testing site on the corrosive environment at the Florida Daytona Beach in the United States to track the operational life of microchannel products at the corrosive sea environment, and the test data show that the company’s products are at a lower depth than the competitors’ maximum corrosion.
4.5 The management of the Aveko has been restructured and the business has continued to improve The Aveco organizational structure has been adjusted to allow for a loss of profit. The main products of the Aveco are domestic appliances such as dishwashers, coffee machines, chillers, etc., subject to untimely regulation of the localization of the product from 2017 to 2020.
Since 2020, the company has restructured the Yavico business block, replaced the executive team, integrated it into the household appliances component, and set up the Asia Technology Centre for Asia in Lake Zheco, with a significant increase of $1.91 billion a year in the localization of products. With the increase in the penetration rate of dishwashers in China, the Yavico business has been operating.
The robotics industry is a semi-autonomous or fully autonomous machine with a sense, decision-making, execution, etc.
Our scientists define robots as automated machines, unlike machines that are similar to humans or organisms.
The international robotics union (ifr) divides robots into two categories of industrial robots and service robots. Currently, industrial robots have been widely used in 3c electron, electronics.
In many industrial areas such as automobile manufacturing, ship manufacturing, chemical engineering; service robots, including public service machines, personal/house-service robots and special robots, are widely used in the areas of accommodation, catering, home, finance, cleaning, logistics, education, culture and recreation.
The potential of the industrial robot market has continued to grow, and the service robot has become a “new pet” in the industry. The demand for the industrial robot market has continued to rise as Chinese industry is in the process of upgrading, labour cost advantages have diminished, industrial robots are more in line with China’s demand for large-scale manufacturing and industrial transformation;
At the same time, as the urbanization process is increasingly dominated by the development of services, the more professional and sophisticated functioning of service robots will continue to extend their outreach boundaries, demonstrating greater demand elasticity than industrial robots. Human-shaped robots are a critical time for technological upgrading to serve robots, which are at the threshold of industrial change.
Human robots are smart robots designed to mimic human form and behaviour, with more complex structures, sensors, drivers and control systems than ordinary machines, capable of interacting with manual tools and environments, thus aiding and even replacing the survival of human beings, the core of which consists of control systems (controllers, etc.), driving.
Motion and transmission systems (facilators, servers, etc.) and sensor systems (sensors). In 2022, a global cross-border venture of human robots emerged, and in May in icar Dyson announced the launch of human robots that could do domestic work within 10 years; in August, a new edition of the fall of the mill will be shown as "iron"; and in October Tesla released a prototype of the optimus.
The human-shaped robots have received a lot of attention in the presence of industrial elites.
The potential of the robot market continues to be released, the industry is promising, the entire market of the 5.2.1 robots continues to flourish, the demand of the market continues to grow rapidly, and our robot market is expected to reach $25.1 billion in 2024.
The annual average growth rate is 14 per cent, the size of the industrial robot market is $19.5 billion, the market for service robots (inclusive of public, personal/house-service robots, special robots) is over $31.7 billion, and is projected to be global in 2024, with an average annual growth rate of 22 per cent over five years, of which the market for industrial robots and service robots is $8.7 billion.
In 2024, the country's robotics market is expected to be $25.1 billion, and the country currently attaches great importance to the development of machines, human technology and industry, and the scale of the robotics market continues to rise. As the robots plus applications expand, the industry as a whole is growing and flourishing.
5.2.2 There is a clear trend towards the “machine generation” where human robots are expected to open up the blue sea market, where there is a gap in demand in the three main service markets, manufacturing, social and domestic services, and domestic human beings, where the size of robotics is expected to exceed $16 billion. Urbanization is moving from initial industrialization to a gradual shift.
Turned to services development, where the contribution of services to economic growth is now close to 60%, China’s services market has seen a huge shortage of talent. According to the Manual for the Development of Manufacturing Talent, published by the Ministry of Social Welfare and the Ministry of Trade and Communications, China’s top 10 priority areas of manufacturing had a gap of more than 23.5 million people in 2021.
In 2025, the figure will be close to 30 million; in 2021, the number of porters exceeded 7.7 million; in 2017-2021, the capr was 12.1 per cent; in 2021, the number of new blue-collar workers in China reached 10.7 million; the demand for social services markets increased; and in 2021, the number of domestic service workers was 37.6 million, serving as domestic service workers in the Yangtze industry.
There will be a further expansion of demand in the business market. On the basis of the value of the human robot single machine, the domestic market for human robots reached $16,109 million in 2025, and the size of the market is still much larger if the rest of the application scenes are considered.
(1) The downstream application of human robotics, mainly in manufacturing, social services and domestic services, will gradually replace human labour; (2) a steady growth in demand for human beings in manufacturing, social services and domestic services is expected;
3. With 200,000 human robots in single machines, a 5 per cent reduction is expected each year as size and technology matures. 5.3 Focus robots execute electric machines, and companies are expected to pick up the growth point.
According to company announcements, in 2022, the company actively deployed the robotics industry, with a focus on imitation robotics, which are the core components of the robotics, consisting mainly of servo machines, slow-down units and encoders. Through continuous input and joint research and development, the company has the advantage of establishing partnerships with multiple clients, all of which are pre-eminent.
A joint venture with the green wave is expected to gain access to the human robotic supply chain with the advantage of the green harmonic product. On April 15, 2023, the company issued an announcement to sign a strategic cooperation framework agreement with the green wave.
The Cigo Industrial Park joint venture, which takes advantage of its client relationships, channel resource advantages, and the green harmonic harmonic product-related advantages, expands the global market and helps the company gain access to human robotics, the three-flowered advantages are obvious, the human robotic track is wide, and the company's performance is expected to grow.
Point. Corporate channels have significant advantages and have established partnerships with multiple clients around the world, with multiple areas of synergy conditions and high-quality customer resources; in addition, there is a wealth of technological experience, power-control technology and valve-pump technology, and companies have a multi-billion-dollar power-making capacity as a global cooling, steam-free tap, scalding and cost-effective advantage.
Visible. Human robotics track space is measured to be larger, with $4.29 billion in server space, $2.907 billion in controller space, corporate layout, robotics, and promising new growth points and completely new development space.
Our core assumption is: 1) The size of the human robot market: according to stratesticsmarketresearchconsulting, the global human robot market reached $1.51 billion in 2021 and is projected to reach 2028
The market size will be $26.43 billion, with a complex growth rate of 50.5 per cent, and we project a global market for human robots of $3.421 billion, $5.149 billion, $7.75 billion, $11.666 billion, $17.559 billion and $26.43 billion, respectively, between 2023 and 2028.
2. Cost composition of human robots: According to future think tank network information, the cost of human robots is about 50 per cent, of which the control ratio is 22 per cent, the server system 16 per cent, and the profit projection assumption is 6.1 split with the business
According to the company's annual report, we split the company's main operations into two parts: auto refrigeration components and refrigeration refrigeration units: firm refrigeration growth, business income, 18-22 years, annual compounding, which should be further enhanced, and pricing mechanisms linked to raw material prices are expected to guarantee a reasonable level of profitability for the company.
Soft Zero Business Module: Based on previous discussions, 23-25 years of new energy vehicle sales have increased by 35.00% and the company Zero Business Unit is approaching a period of rapid development. We assume that, in terms of business income, 23-Corporates are the leading players in the thermal management of parts and components industry, with an excellent pattern of competition in the industry, in business models and markets.
In bits and industry properties, similar to the environment of the shield, silver wheel shares, the Topper Group, in robotic business, the telethon empty-heart cups without teeth electrodes, the straight flowless machine, the server encoder, the deceleration machine, etc., have a wide market space in robotics, and the industry logic is similar to that of the company, so the four are selected for comparison.
Looking for further expansion, and benefiting from higher growth in storage energy operations and robotic plates, we believe that the company’s long-term logic is more certain and that it can enjoy a certain premium on valuations.
In a strong eight-year environment, the firm’s rapid deployment, with its core product power, cost-control, and globalized layout leading the team, is expected to open up further high-profit space in the future as the product structure evolves.
Pe, considering that the company’s multi-growth curve is clear, there is scope for future growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1) The risk of increased competition in the industry.
The heat management components and modules of field demand may affect the company’s leading position in the market segment, thereby adversely affecting the profitability of the public sector. (2) The risk of changing prices of raw materials.
Cost composition is large, so fluctuations in raw material market prices can impose greater cost pressures on firms. Companies’ profitability may be adversely affected if they fail to reduce the impact of raw material price volatility through such operations as raw material linkage pricing mechanisms.
This compares to 46.52% in North America, Europe, Japan, South-East Asia, and other regions. Changes in interregional trade policy and the international situation will have an impact on the company’s operations, and changes in exchange rates will have a negative impact on the company’s profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.