Hong Kong City's connection, the snakes' mode is at the same time as Yang-Sang-Sang-Sang-Sang (001979) and the flagship companies under the auspices of the Department of Commerce are highlighted by their resource endowments.
In recent years, intra-group resource consolidation has become more dynamic, increasing resource complementarities. With the strong combined strength of parent firms, business snakes have a significant advantage in industrial competition.
In the early stages of construction, the company’s main business was to develop communities, to build the cruise industry, and to build the park.
75.05% is the fastest growing business in the company. The park block actively expands the “snake port model” to enable the company to earn $5,814 million in income from the Song Honghing industry. The community development plate generates $69 billion in operating income and collects it in the company’s main business.
The largest share. The company’s development model, “Foreport-Central Zone-Behind City,” is synergized through the integration of the three main lines of business.
Xu Weiping's high land quality, with more than 23 million land reserves by the end of 2017, 59% of the three urban clusters of Long Triangles, Pearl Triangles and Kyouta, and better soil storage.
In 2017, the average cost of financing was 4.8%, which is significantly lower than the industry level. Moreover, in 2017, the company officially implemented the project and investment system, which further ensured the safety of West and West Side 28th Street.
The Hengsheng Building, 1000 Lujiang Beak Road, China Free Trade Experiment, into the city's high-news area.
In 1979, China Sea International Centre, 17-I, under the banner of the Chamber of Commerce, was founded in 1979 as the city under the banner of the Chamber of Commerce.
On December 30, 2015, the comptoirs absorbed the merger and the estates were re-listed. In 2016, the comptoirs achieved a cross-cutting growth of 60 billion yuan in operating income, amounting to 63,573 million yuan, an increase of 29.15 per cent compared with the corresponding increase, resulting in net profits for shareholders belonging to listed companies.
As shareholders and actual controllers of the merchants, they have a cross-sectional collection under the auspices of the comptoir group, which has a 71.28% shareholding and a higher concentration of shares.
In recent years, intra-group resource consolidation has increased the complementarity of resources.
With a strong combination of parent firms, business snakes have a significant advantage in industrial competition. In addition to the open market, companies also have access to high-quality earth reserves through non-market channels such as industrial expansion, intra-group resource consolidation, and external resource cooperation.
The company has a clear strategic orientation and is committed to developing a “former port-central zone-back town” model of space development, with ports as its entry point, ports as its core and main vehicle, the development of new urban areas, and the development of synergies through organic integration in the port city.
Figure 6: Changes in net assets of commercial snakes (millions of yuan) II. Forward ports: Focused cruise ring 2.1 China ' s cruise industry is in a period of rapid development
The Asian region ' s share of the global cruise market was about 9.2 per cent in 2016, reaching 2,272,400, an increase of 38.06 per cent over 2015, 19.359 per cent over 2012 and an annualized growth rate of 30.90 per cent, the fastest growing global cruise market.
In 2016, our cruise ship arrivals outpaced Germany as the world’s second largest cruise market with 2.1 million visitors. In 2017, 11 of our cruise ports (including Tianjin, Dalian, Qingjia, Shanghai, Choyama, Winzhou, Xiamen, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Haiguchi, Sanya, smoke station) received 1181 cruise ships, an increase of 17 per cent compared with the previous year;
Over 4.95 million departures and departures from the country, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period, commercial smugglers actively deployed the cruise tourism industry, seeking to shape a cruise tourism industry centred on catering accommodation, shopping, cruise finance and tourism commercial industries, including cruise ship operations, cruise mother ports,
The industrial industry, including cruise ship sales, cruise ship distribution and seaworks, has led to the development of the cruise ring based on multifunctional property projects in tourism properties, port properties, logistics properties, old-age properties, commercial properties and industrial properties.
2.2 The Focus Cruise Circle is being upgraded and is currently engaged in the development and operation of China's coastal cities of Shenzhen, Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen and Qingdao in the form of exclusive funding, equity participation or joint development.
The increase of 75.05 per cent in revenue from operating operations, which was $595 million, was the fastest growing business in the company, and it is worth noting that the company ' s cruise ship operation, which had previously remained at around 50 per cent, fell temporarily in 2017 as a result of increased investment in the cruise industry.
Merchant snakes have caught the tide of the development of the cruise tourism industry and accelerated the construction of the cruise port, which currently has a monopoly on the construction of 1 220,000 gt post port, 1 100,000 gt post, 12 800 gt high-speed passenger ship berths (of which 2 are to be moored), and 1 caller for 20,000 gt passenger and cargo roller berths.
Cobra under the flag of Cobra, the Combine Mother Port (Jeon Long) is a shipping company specializing in passenger and passenger transport operations for the Deep Australian Water Brigade. It is an important water port city located in 2017 in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Tianjin, Qingjiang, Qingjia, in the China-East Free Trade Experiment Area, located by a group of merchants.
Approximately 4.38 million passengers, or 88.4 per cent of the country’s total, were received as the country’s largest shipping port operator. The year 2017 was the first year of the full operation of the merchant port of the Prince of Snakes Bay, followed by the Virgin Star, the Silver Shadow, the Oceanic Navigator, the Atlantic and the Cloud Top Dreams.
The traditional port model focuses only on shipping and ports, and the company previously built version 2.0.
In 2017, the company upgraded several projects, spearheading a new business model for the mother port in the areas of cruise ship supply, cruise ship sales, and water tourism. In the future, as the industrial synergies increase, the company will develop an innovative version of the parent port construction model of 4.0, bringing shipping, ports, commercial properties, etc.
Perimeter support, tourism, international logistics transit, tourism packages, special duty-free consumption, financial services, etc.
Shipping + Port + Commercial Shipping + Port Marine Engineering + Tourism
Real estate + surroundings, traditional ports, port city interactions.
Motherport Basics, Special Business Circles, Area Resource Type
The cruise industry has always been known as “gold floating at sea” and international authorities have measured that cruises have leveraged as much as 1:10. In the broader context of the development of domestic tourism innovation, Shanghai, Fuzhou, and the Sea
Coastal cities such as South and Qingdao have developed their own “marine industry development plans,” and cruise tourism has become a priority for coastal urban development. As leaders in the construction of the domestic cruise port, companies have in recent years increased the local replication of the snake port model.
In 2017, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai and Chamjiang, respectively, to promote the “port joint” model of the snake mouth to the new city of the coastal cruiser industry, committing itself to joint construction of a number of projects, including the construction of a cruise port. In addition, the company is in contact with the city government of Nantong to build a cruise port to acquire land for industrial apparel.
Coastal cities have natural tourism and transport facilities, and the construction of tourist-type cities will be the choice for more and more coastal cities. Companies combine the cruise tourism industry with urban construction, which is complementary and mutually reinforcing, and will bring new thinking to coastal tourism cities, with great prospects for future development.
In 1979, the first outward-looking economic development zone in the country, the snakes' industrial zone, was opened.
After nearly 40 years of development, companies have accumulated a wealth of experience in urban development and operation, which has enabled them to independently develop, build, operate, manage a relatively independent urban area, and have built up a model of land development and operation that is unique to business contacts.
The gross profit was $1,855 million, representing an overall Māori rate of 31.91 per cent.
• Innovative industry-aggregation model, formation of an organizational structure, formation of a new industrial union in China — multiple new industrial city projects signed on
• Accomplishing strengths, strategic discussions, continuing project expansion, setting up a two-tier model base
• Rapid model campus construction — high standards of health and old-age operations — overall listing of business snakes
• More than 30 years of possession of the Snake Point Industrial Zone;
Figure 16: Evolution of income of estates in parks (millions of yuan) Figure 17: Evolution of the Māori rate of estates in parks
The Great Bay Area is a cluster of cities formed by the two Special Administrative Regions of Guangzhou, Fushan, Zhaoqing, Shenzhen, Dongjing, Huixiang, Chuhai, Nakayama, Jiangmen, and Hong Kong and Macao. It is after the Bay of New York, the Bay of San Francisco, and the Gulf of Tokyo, Japan.
As an important space vehicle for building world-class cities and participating in global competition. An important engine for China’s reform and open-door economic growth, Hong Kong and Ausang Bay covers Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chuhai, Dongjing, Huixiang, Fushan, Nakayama, Jiangmen, Zhaoqing, Hong Kong and Macao.
The Special Administrative Region covers 56,000 square kilometres and has a population of more than 60 million people.
It is important to promote closer cooperation between the Mainland and Hong Kong and Australia in the development of a development plan for Hong Kong's cities in the Bay of Australasia region, which offers unique advantages in raising the status and functioning of the country's economic development and openness to the outside world. This has been followed by a policy-intensive launch period in the Bay of Australasia.
As a flagship company for the integrated development of cities under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, the Chamber of Commerce has become an important player in the overall development of the Bay of Australasia area in Hong Kong. In September 2016, after the Group of Chambers and the former Authority formed a joint venture, a political partnership was established, the Bureau of Commerce and Industry launched a new campaign against the former Sea Mother Bay area.
With further development of the former sea, the land dividend of the merchant snakes is in the process of being realized. For the purpose of building the largest business owner of the former sea snake ports, the commercial snakes have a number of ongoing construction projects in the Great Bay region, including the former Sea Project, the Prince Bay Project, the Spaceport Project, etc., which will depend on the Great Bay region for the future.
The value of the company’s projects in the Great Bay region will be realized gradually, as will the value of its projects. The “snakes model” has been extended, and priority projects have been accelerated to the ground.
In 2017, commercial smugglers continued to work in a number of priority cities around the country, following up on new cities and parks, more than a dozen projects, the Tonzhou Lake Project, the Sunchun Health Industry New City Project, the Wu Gang Project,
The Sioux Financial Towns Project, the Isoq Lake Project, the Treasure Steel Project and the Sindong New City Project have all been located, and the “single sign” model has continued to bloom throughout the country.
From 2017 to the present, business snakes have continued to thrive in priority cities with significant results, following up on more than a dozen outreach projects, such as industrial new cities and parks, and contracting seven landing projects.
□ Suzhou Finance Town: a charming town with an international image
□ The Jianchun Project: The New City of Health Industry Project: The Cooperative Development of Land Stocks Project: The New City of Wuhan Yangjiang Project: The New International Finance City of the Yangtze Region
□ New City of Sindong project: Project for the integration of the production city of the New Zone of the Shuyang Sea □ Project of the East Chang An: New Zone of the International Sea, New Zone of the Wisdom Ecology project: New City of the Modern Industry
Through years of cultivation, the core capacity for building and operating of the company's parks has begun to yield results.
At present, the company has developed a high-level professional team of nearly 40 people, providing strong think tank support to the company, and has significantly increased its capacity for industrial research. In the project area, more than 1,000 enterprises have been brought together, newly introduced in 2017.
At the same time, the company’s continuous silviculture and a review of its 40-year experience of park operations have led to the development of systematic standards and guidelines for park operations. Three major capabilities are simultaneously promoting the building of innovation platforms.
Three new innovations have been developed. A future project to build a park called “Grand Apartments, Great Health, Great Culture.” Four special parks have been built: “George Valley, Ikiku, City of Wisdom, and Health City,” with three product lines: “Grand Apartments, Health, and Culture.”
Heads, apples, are already in the Shenzhen Snakegate Valley. In conjunction with the Business Office’s “one-way” strategy, the Viper Valley model is also being replicated and replicated in the development of special parks in the country and abroad.
The real estate sector has been subject to strict regulation, and policies have been introduced to limit purchases, prices, sales, and so on.
The rhetoric has risen, and the development of the map has expanded over the years, building on the old deep-cultivated cities, and has resulted in sales of 570.01 million square metres, an increase of 20.98 per cent over the year; sales of $112,779 million, an increase of 52.54 per cent over the same period, on hundreds of billions of steps, the fourteenth largest housing company in the world.
In 2017, more than 200 projects were under construction and more than 20 million square metres were under construction, of which 10 million square metres were under construction. The completion rate of the project nodes increased significantly, with the completion rate of the start-up, start-up, completion of the project.
Compared to 2016, there was a marked improvement in the rate of decolonization of companies, with the rate of decolonization of residential properties in 2017 in nearly 40 cities in the country, with over 200 development projects involving various types of residential products such as villas, high-end dwellings, high-rise apartments, gardens, ocean houses, large communities, etc., and with a comprehensive experience of residential development.
Figure 26: Decolonization rate of pre-sale values by type of product (%) 4.2 Pluralization of land, and expansion of guaranteed size of high-soil deposits Total company land reserves amounted to more than 23 million square metres per year.
The triangular and Kyoto cities account for 59 per cent of the total, and Shenzhen alone for 4,327,000 square metres of total land reserves, with 407,000 square metres of additional land in one line city and 75.27 per cent of total land reserves in the first and second lines of cities in the second line of the city.
The company ' s share of new land reserves in first-line cities in 2017 was 18 per cent, in second-line cities 79 per cent, and in third-line cities only 3 per cent. In 2017, the company ' s 29 new land reserves amounted to 1,023.56 million square metres, an increase of more than 40 per cent in the same year; the new land reserves amounted to 59.37.8 million square metres.
If the merchandise house is bread, the land is flour in the real estate sector, and the way the land is taken and the size of the earth stored is the core competitiveness of the home. In recent years, land premiums have been rising, and hot spots like Shenzhen and Shanghai have become more frequent, showing that housing companies are increasingly competing for good-quality land resources.
In 2017, of the 84 land reserves taken by companies, 70 per cent of the land was acquired by cooperative land, 13 per cent by individual companies, and 13 per cent by acquisition and replacement.
Construction and inventory upgrading and land extension accounted for 10 per cent, 5 per cent and 2 per cent of the total, respectively. And, over the last three years, the company's cooperative share of the value of new land reserves has also been maintained at over 45 per cent, and the company has a strong land access figure: 33: Land acquisition by block area in 2017 (%)
Figure 34: Percentage of co-operation in land price for new storage interests in the last three years (% 4.3 Low cost, securities financing with strong working advantage), commercial loans, non-target financing, securitization of assets and offshore financing, with securitization of assets and
Overseas financing has been relatively small. As domestic money and credit markets have continued to tighten in recent years, enterprise financing has been dependent on the resources of national firms, and companies have been innovative in using a variety of financing instruments to finance the distribution of a number of direct financing products, with an average of 4.8% of corporate financing costs in 2017, up from 0.3% in 2016.
Percentage point. Of the top 20 housing companies that published their annual report in 2017, the cost of financing was only higher than that of Huanco, which is low. From land acquisition costs, the average floor price for company plots in 2017 was $9449/m2, down from $12,886/m2 in 2016, and still up significantly from $5542/m2 in 2015.
The main reason for this is the shift in the layout of second-line cities after 2016, where land is concentrated in the more developed regions of the south-east, such as Ningpo, Su, Hangzhou, Nanjing, where the cost of land rises considerably. From average sales prices, the average real estate sales of companies remained stable until 2016, with public prices in 2017.
The average real estate sales price of the Department is approximately 19785 m2 and the price of floors is 48% of the average sales price, vinyl is below 50%, and the expansion of the size is accompanied by guaranteed future profitability levels for the company.
In 2017, the net profit of the commercial snake business group was $12.22 billion, an increase of 27.54 per cent, the net profit of $11.863 billion, an increase of 32.67 per cent, and the net profit performance commitment of $10.3 billion for the business group. The net profit rate increased for three years in 2017, as a result of factors such as project settlement.
In recent years, companies have strengthened their controls over project costs and profitability, maintaining a high level of profitability and profitability among their counterparts. In all real estate firms that published their annual reports for 2017, the return on business assets was 4.19 per cent, second only to New Town holdings.
In 2017, company sales were 37.66%, followed only by summer’s happy land in the top ten real-estate companies. High-quality profitability is a fundamental guarantee of the company’s continued development, and the ability to engage in business is excellent and provides a solid foundation for its business expansion.
In 2018, the regulation of the real estate market in all regions of the country will become normal, with “household-free” still serving as the main tone of management's regulation, and it is expected that the future real estate market will remain “stable”.
In 2018, the company is expected to have a salesable value of $265 billion, of which $209 billion will be added in 2018. In terms of distribution, the country’s five regions, China, China, China, China, South and Shenzhen, will account for 14 per cent, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and Shenzhen, respectively.
Production, writing buildings, apartments and spaces account for 71 per cent, 7 per cent, 13 per cent, 6 per cent and 3 per cent of the value of available goods, respectively, and housing will continue to be the most important component of the company ' s development projects.
Actual sales in 2015 were slightly lower than the target, and actual sales in the rest of the year were higher than the target. Actual sales in 2017 exceeded the target by 12.8 billion yuan, reaching $112.8 billion. Corporate sales and investment mechanisms improved overall development efficiency in 2018.
Incentives and Stakeholder schemes are being implemented in 2016, with the implementation of virtual investment and equity incentives, and the formal implementation of the project and investment system in 2017, with a view to creating long-term, robust incentive mechanisms to continuously improve the overall efficiency of corporate development.
The plan includes: 1) the scope of the project, which has been developed by the City Corporation on a market-based basis since the adoption of the Project and Investment Management System; 2) the scope of the project, which is a marketing project for the acquisition of land; 2) the scope of the project; and the scope of the project.