Pronunciation Control Unit (688036.ch): Three quarters of performance is exceeding expectations and profits are growing faster.
The three-quarter pick-up and profit increase of Yang's voice-held stock is on a two-quarter-on-year basis, reflecting the ability of sound to expand in emerging markets outside Africa.
• The three-quarter sounding performance exceeded expectations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating: last night, the audio-control unit announced three hundred and ninety-nine percent of the total projected net profit on October 28, 2020, much higher than our and market expectations.
In addition, India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh contributed to a higher rate of increase. The accumulated profits increased by 50% over the same period in the first three quarters of the year. High profit growth contributed to digesting the high valuations from this year’s springboard rise, laying the foundation for subsequent stock price increases.
These regions are expected to provide the growth dynamic of cellular output for sound transmissions in the coming years. Our annual transmissions serve as the layout and expansion of China’s mobile brands in emerging markets abroad.
• Highlights of three quarters of sound transmission: details of branch operations can be found in the main part of the document: three quarters of revenue collection and a 79 per cent profit-on-year increase, respectively, both faster than in the second quarter, at 46 per cent and 66 per cent (see figures 3 and 4);
(b) The cost rate fell to 24.8 per cent as a result of faster harvests and higher leverage performance in areas outside Africa, owing mainly to changes in the product mix.
As a result, operating margins reached 11.2 per cent and remained relatively high. (2020-09-01) e = full-blown international projections
Three-quarter details of Pilgrim International's voice-control unit's performance in the third quarter of 2020.
• Three-quarter revenues of $11.1 billion, a 75 per cent increase in the same year and 36 per cent in the ring, as a result of the rapid expansion of other emerging regions (India, Pakistan, Bangladesh) and of Africa's mobile market, where the relative Maori rate outside Africa is low, resulting in rapid changes in the product mix;
The regional Māori rate was 30 per cent and remained stable; • However, the cost rate of 3q20 also declined rapidly; • Net profit increased by 79 per cent and ring increased by 17 per cent in the third quarter.
Two hundred and ninety million and the $2.16 billion we forecast are also close to the goal of the equity incentive for sound transmission, which was broken down by business in the first three quarters of the year.
In the first to third quarters of the year 2020, mobile phones collected $23.6 billion, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, representing 95 per cent of the total, smartphones earned $19.1 billion, a 66 per cent increase in the same year.
With 4.5 billion dollars in functional income, an increase of 6 per cent over the same year, smartphones have increased their share of mobile income, from 74 per cent last year to 80 per cent this year.
About 39 million smartphones, 52 per cent more than the same year, 9 per cent more than the same year for smartphones, 80 million more than the same year for functional machines, 17 per cent more than the same year.
The African region has been growing steadily, with India, Pakistan and Bangladesh maintaining high growth rates, reaching $600 million in expansionary camps, an increase of 42 per cent over the same period.
OS (operatingsystem) collects 165 million dollars, an increase of 115 per cent from the same year.o By the end of the third quarter, the number of users of os reached 143 million.
• Comparable corporate valuation