The new market opened with remarkable success, and continued to outperform expectations: 24,971 million yuan, or 48.15 per cent more than the previous year; 1,954 million yuan net profit returns, or more than the previous year; and more than expected growth in revenue generation. The first three quarters of 2020 saw significant growth in both profits and profits.
If Africa’s market is growing steadily during the current period; at the same time, companies continue to increase the opening of new markets and brand promotion, resulting in higher sales revenues from new markets.  Māori rates have fallen slightly, and R&D and financial costs have increased more.
The cost of services increased from $759 million in R&D to 36.30 per cent in the same period, mainly as a result of a sustained increase in investment in R&D during the current period; the financial cost from $222 million to 471.58 per cent in the same period, mainly due to the depreciation of the United States dollar vis-à-vis the renminbi during the current period, as well as Esseber, India.
Rupee, South African rand, depreciated against the United States dollar, resulting from an increase in confirmed exchange losses. On the cash side, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $2.829 billion, an increase of 21.29 per cent over the same period; investment activities are now 96.21 per cent lower, mainly due to the receipt of funds raised by the first publicly released stock during the same period the previous year.
The company develops diversified business, “intellectual end” and “mobile interconnectivity” that complement each other and are driven by core technology and can grow in the future.
4g/5g network coverage will gradually increase, resulting in increased demand for mobile phones and upgrading of product structures, with companies reaping dividends; 2) digital accessories, household appliances: companies will actively implement multi-brand development strategies, with the brands already leading the industry in emerging markets; 3) mobile Internet
Operations: With the rapid increase in mobile Internet penetration in Africa, companies are expected to show a high rate of growth in the future with mobile terminal 1, Sound Holdings (688036): reported advantages, active development of mobile Internet products and flow realization
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: coupled with the evolution of the African market engine upgrading intelligentness trend, with 2, Sound Holdings (688036): Emerging and new markets are opening up, company mobile phone business is expected to grow and corporate brand power is gaining ground
Given the market outlook, the growth of new business, the expansion of new business such as digital products and domestic electricity, the prospect of continued high growth in profitability, and the Division ' s high performance in the first three quarters of 2020, we have raised the forecast of corporate performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.