The profit was 860 million yuan, a growth of 47.2 per cent over the same period, of which q4 earned 24.630 billion yuan in the single quarter, a return of 19.9 per cent, a link of 14.4 per cent, a return net of 196 million yuan, a gain of the same year, and a link of 58.3 per cent; performance met expectations and followed up marginal improvements.
\triangleright has insufficient end demand, vr, and other factors such as the decline in the volume of smart hardware products. In terms of profitability, the ratio of Māori to Māori hardware projects with relatively low rates has increased, thus affecting the overall Māori ratio.
23q4, with a Māori rate of 10.6 per cent for the company, the same ratio as +4.3 pcts, the ring ratio + 0.4 pcts, in the context of the need for smart hardware generally and the weakness of the industry, the company continues to improve its operational efficiency and repair its own earnings on a quarterly basis.
According to Wellseen, the sales of \triangleright in 23 years were 541w, a 32% decline compared to the previous year, and we believe that the decline was due to a lack of content in xr.
Costers have no power to change, and higher prices for their products have some impact. For 24 years, the Xr industry headlines are being evaluated for 23 years: short-term performance pressure, multiple layouts, players are gradually increasing, leading to overall warming; and the company head client Meta is expected to release a cheap version in 24 years.
In addition, the i artificial intelligence technology, represented by large language models and so on, is expected to bring new opportunities for the consumption of electronics and mr products. Repurchases highlight the firm’s confidence, and acquisition of power optics.
4. Gore shares (002241.sz) 22q1 quarterly & 22h shares in employee holding or equity incentive schemes, with a total buy-back of 500-7 billion yuan. As of February 29,1 performance forecast: smart hardware such as vr is growing rapidly.
The five hundred and ninety-seven million yuan has been repurchased daily to complete the repurchase plan in a phased manner, reflecting the firm ' s confidence in its future long-term development, effectively combining shareholders ' interests, corporate interests and core team interests for long-term development. In addition, the performance forecast for 22q1 is: 21 years of performance meets expectations.
In 2023q4, the company completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of the equity of SKTL, further enhancing the layout of the company in the areas of micro-optic devices, projectors/showing modules and 3-D sensors, and further development of the operations of the sophisticated optical devices and modules of the company Auxiliary.
Investment proposal: The company's performance and profits are gradually being repaired, and we expect the company to return to the parent's net profit \triangleright for 24-26 years, with a better layout and a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.