Gore shares (002241), year 2023: annual report meets expectations, performance point, research assistant Wang Yunji
• Annual report meets expectations, vr and headphone phase impact revenue: the company collected 98.570 billion in 2023. The main reason for the slip is: 1) accurate zero component revenue of $12.99 billion, a 7.2 per cent decline compared to the previous period. This is an ambitious view of economic and industrial factors that affect end-out volumes such as smartphones, thereby delaying the relevant zero component industry.
(ii) Smart acoustics collection of $24.90 billion, down 6.6 per cent from the same year, mainly from company tws 3) Smart hardware collection of $58.71 billion, down 6.9 per cent from the same year, on the one hand, because vr glasses masters demand a drop in sales for the last year of the client's life cycle, and on the other hand, Japan.
The significant increase in the share and volume of the customer ' s game machine products compensates the harvest; (4) the decline in the volume of vr eyeglasses and tws headphones has had a negative impact on profitability, while the low Māori rate of the game machine ' s business, which is increasing in volume, also affects the overall profitability of the company.
▪ Business indicators continue to reflect competitiveness and profit trends have improved: 1) company profitability has improved significantly since the second half of 23, 23 years of Māori and net interest rates, respectively, continuously improving the quality of profitability through effective cost-control capabilities, while tws headphones, vr.
During the second half of the year, the stress products, such as glasses, were warmed up, and the Māori rate of the corresponding business was driven by Gore shares (002241); annual R&D expenditure of $4.72 billion, or 4.8 per cent of income, and net operating cash inflows of $8.15 billion.
At the same time, the cost rate was controlled at 7.9 per cent, while operating indicators such as inventory turnover, receivables, etc. were maintained.
The xr glasses business is expected to return to high growth: the company maintains a global flagship of the Xr glasses programme.
In bits, ranging from optical components (vr), optical systems (ar), core algorithms, to intelligent whole-body design, performance against expectations, integrated competitiveness for the future, manufacturing capacity, absolute advantages, long-term depth collaboration with large global technology plants. 1) Short-term dimensions
In the long term, in the space computing era, factors such as the expansion of the application landscape, the improvement of the ecology of hardware and software, and the entry of more technology giants, have contributed to a significant increase in the volume of goods produced this year.
Vr/ar/mr hardware shipments are expected to open up the growing ceiling in the coming years, and Gore is expected to lead industry on a continuous basis, with his position as a core global supplier. The product structure optimization is expected to enhance profitability: companies insist on smart manufacturing plus precision manufacturing double rotations.
Mobilize the industrial biosphere around the "4+4+n" zero-sum strategy, and the company's profitability is expected to increase continuously with the return of all types of end-products and the optimization of product structures. 1) tws headphone design and core acoustic components take a leading position in the market, with major customers ordering
The single share is expected to recover steadily, while the product succession is expected to contribute to the recovery of the sound-sounding machine and to a steady increase in profitability; 2) smart hardware such as games, wearables, smart homes, etc., is expected to bloom, and diversification of clients and product types will effectively raise the level of the Maori ratio of smart hardware; 3)
Companies are expected to increase the profitability of machine-wide operations when elasticities are brought about by a sustained increase in the layout of microelectronics, a global leader in mems microphones and an increased investment in mems smart sensors, and an advanced sip encapsulation process.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We look forward to future performance, maintaining a buy-in rating, based on the company ' s 2023 performance and the current industry fundamentals, which are expected to be repaired on a quarterly basis, and the xr glasses industry, among other things.
Gore shares are based on three major financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.