Satellite chemistry (002648); Sustained cost advantage, industrial chain upgrading and growth space
Global natural gas consumption is sufficient and the price of ethane is expected to rebound in the short term, with a longer or still historical level below average level; 2) 2023 East China propane cfr at an average price of approximately $631.84 per tonne, corresponding to 16.20%.
Thus, propane prices continue to fall, falling again to $620.8/tonne in early 2024, and the performance of the Department continues to benefit from the cost advantage of raw materials. The industrial chain continues to upgrade and develop in quality: 600,000 tons of styrene, 400,000 tons of polystyrene and 100,000 tons per year in 2023.
Tons of ethanolamine, 150,000 tons of carbonate, etc. are fully operational and are more competitive in areas such as high-performance materials, new energy materials, and epoxy ethane proliferating organisms. Also, Jiangsujia Honne New Materials Ltd. was acquired, with the addition of an annual production of 1.35 million peroxy, water and 400,000 tons of epoxypropanes to achieve a strong chain-up of the AC chain.
The project for the integrated use of new high-end materials for sub-milk and alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons is also accelerating. In 2023, the company produced and sold +34.53/31.97% of the same amount of chemicals and new materials, with a significant quantitative and qualitative breakthrough in the industrial chain. \triangleright
It is planned to invest 10 billion yuan over five years in the development of a future research and development centre project, mainly with satellite research and development, and to close the doors around high-performance catalysts, new energy materials, and new materials for high molecules.
The company has continued to develop, autonomously, new materials that are highly import-dependent, such as alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons (mpe), polyethylene elastomers (poe), lubricant oil base oils (pao), ultra-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe), and high-performance catalysts for development that break through neck technology and have wide market space.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We expect a significant improvement in the company’s functional chemical business, while the third phase of petrochemical production will open up further room for growth for the company. We expect the company’s net profit return for 2024-2026 to remain “buy-in” with certainty of performance and future growth, respectively.
This report is presented independently and objectively and without any direct or indirect connection to the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.