Satellite chemistry (002648.sz)
c2 weather repair, the company ' s 2023 performance precipitously regressed by high international gas prices in 2023, the company ' s main raw material, ethane, has moved significantly downwards and c2 industry chain cost end pressure is fully released. Of this, the average price of ethane in 2023 was $182/ton, a 48.9 per cent decrease compared to the same year; the main product is hdpe, styrene, polymeryrene, etc.
In the same period, the production of devices such as polystyrene, ethanolamine, etc., as well as the M&A contribution increased.
US$ 170/tonne, with a 21.7% decline in the ring ratio, the main products Hdpe, styrene, polystyrene, ethylene and global natural gas supply are relatively adequate, the price of ethane is expected to remain low and the climate is expected to improve steadily with the end demand. In addition, the company’s joint venture in the United States owns 9 million tonnes/year of ethylene tubes.
Road transport capacity, currently only 3 million tonnes, helps to secure the supply of materials for the follow-up C2 project.c3 runs under pressure, waiting for the cyclical restoration to be affected by the shift in the focus of international oil prices in 2023, while company owners have recovered the price of propane for raw materials, but overall remains at a historically high level and the demand side has not recovered.c
The c3 industrial chain is expected to run under pressure. The average price of propane in 2023 was 632 yuan/tons, a 16.2% decrease in the same year; the main product price differentials were split, with changes in polypropenes, acrylic acids, acrylic butyl esters, perpologic ratios 9.1 per cent, 61 per cent, 49.9 per cent and 3.6 per cent respectively. The average price of q4propanes was 671 yuan/ton, with an increase in the ring ratio, on a quarterly basis.
7.3% long; polypropylene, acrylic acid, butyl ester, poo price differentials have fallen by 29.9%, 23.7%, 25.5%, 9.4% respectively. We believe that the current c3 industry chain price differential is at the bottom of history, and that with the final petrochemical acquisition of the glorified new material, the glorified material has been completed at 1.35 million tonnes/year hp,
Four hundred thousand tonnes/year po capacity, further enriching the corporate c3 product matrix, perfecting the integrated layout of the industrial chain and continuously adding coded high-end new materials, i.e., 800,000 tonnes/year polycarbons project, which is scheduled to complete the pilot production in the first half of 2024, with an accompanying acrylic acid industry chain, forming a closed chain of industry II.
Yes, the company intends to invest approximately $25.7 billion in new high-end new materials complexes in Lien Yun Harbour, including 2.5 million tonnes/year \alpha-hexylene light-hydrocarbon support materials, 5*100,000 tonnes/year \alpha-hexylene, 3*200,000 tonnes/year poe, 20.5 million tonnes of high-end polyolefins, 24.4 million tonnes/year pvc, 15,000 tonnes/year polyα-hosenics,
The project (phase I) is published and is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 and will be gradually operational.
“Galactic Chemical” reports that the satellite’s chemistry performance in the third quarter is higher than expected, and maintains a “recommended” rating. [Galactic Chemical] reports that the satellite’s chemistry performance in q2 has increased.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in the customers of Galaxy securities, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.