Satellite chemistry (002648). The elasticity of the c2 operating raw material cost advantages are evident: the price of ethane in the United States was approximately $182.4 per ton in 2023, a decrease of 48.79 per cent compared to the previous year, of which the average price of q4 was $168.6 per ton in 2023, a decline of 22.98 per cent in the ring ratio and a return to a low price of ethane.
The cost advantage of raw materials is further highlighted. The current slowdown in production of the ethane fission project in the United States + export restrictions, with excess supply of ethyl rain hyenas causing long-term repression, and the share of the price of ethane in December 2023 in relation to the price of henryhub is already 1.1.
Relevance is further demonstrated by the expected future rebounds in the winter gas prices, the expectation that the prices of ethane will remain low, and that Zhang Jing will maintain the yield of the production cost advantage of the c2 operation.
The rise in raw material costs has had some impact on q4 performance since 2024, while the price of propane has fallen since 2024, with an average price of $627.2 per ton on 1-22 January, and the company pdh process costs are expected to fall; 2) price differentials have yet to recover: q4 company c3 main product 2023
Acid/acrylate butylene/epoxypropane/dioxywater prices (both in the East China region) increased by -3.2 per cent/+5.4 per cent/- New Materials business opened up space for growth: in 2021, the company signed an investment in 15 billion yuan of new Green Chemical Materials Industrial Parks in the Harbour of Clouds, a project containing 100,000 tons per year of production devices such as \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and ancillary poe, completed by the end of 2022 with 1,000 tons per year of \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons.
Industrial testing devices are operating steadily, of which 1-octane is the first in the country. In September 2023, the company α-olefin successfully passed the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation Outcome Assessment, with a better indicator of 1-octane purity than its domestic and foreign equivalents, and high production 1-octane technology filled the domestic void. In June 2023, the company announced its intention to invest approximately 25.7 billion yuan in Lien Yun Harbour and to build new alpha-finylene hydrocarbons.
With the combined use of the high-end new materials estate project, construction is planned to begin before the end of 2024, and it is expected that the post-partum period will further strengthen the Department’s combined strength in the poe high-end new materials market. Profit forecasting and investment rating: During the reporting period, many of the company’s new production capabilities were successfully transformed into returns and industrial chains integrated
It's been highlighted that the year's profits are over-expected, and we're changing the net return profits of the company from 2023 to 2025 to 1. Satellite chemistry (002648); perfect product \triangleright
2. The depth of the gas industry: Global Gas Trade Oil Research Series (XIV)
3. Natural gas thematic series: winter has come, Europe (x) Risks remain, looking at the target of domestic resource supply
A crude oil study series (ix) Appendix: Three series of statements predicting values, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.