On the evening of March 25th, satellite chemistry published its annual report 2023, which divided the cost of raw materials by a total of 41,487 million igs. The price of the product fell slightly, and the company operated reasonably.
In 2023, the company’s performance increased significantly from year to year, continuing to validate its soundness. The business portfolio shows that the year-round contribution of functional chemicals/high molecular materials/new energy materials to Māori compares the prices of companies with the trend in depth of 300 per cent.
1.45 pct. Major subsidiaries realize a net profit from petrochemical (c2 production chain) in the Quarter with a significant downside price of ethane, a recovery in propane prices and a differentiation in cost end effects of c2c3. The average price of ethane in the Quarter was 22.76 cents/gallons, a 22.5% decline from the Quarter.
At the low season of natural gas in the United States, the price of ethane has fallen significantly, and the cost of the c2 chain has improved rapidly. The average price of propane (East China) has been 5428 yuan per ton in the fourth quarter, with a 14% rise in the ring and an increase in the cost of the c3 industrial chain.
The downside of the downside of the overall cost has not been significant and has remained low since the beginning of the first quarter of 2024 (as of 3/22), the average price of ethane has remained at 19.36 cents/day since the first quarter of 2024 (as of 3/22).
In gallon, the ring ratio continues to decline over the four quarters, with interest cuts, demand recovery, crude oil support, among other things, recovering prices, with the difference between c2 and c3 in real time. From 2024, we believe that oil prices will remain high, and there is an oversupply of natural gas in the United States.
No change, the company’s profits are stable. . ..in 2023, the sum of the prizes was realized, the stock of the construction projects was abundant in 2024, and the stock of the construction projects was abundant in 2024.
Devices such as styrene, ethanolamine, battery-grade dmc, electron-level dioxygen, etc. are being put into production and are being completed by the end of the year with a portion of the profits. The company ' s 2024 project reserve is rich, the 800,000 tonnes of BKC project is expected to start in the second quarter of the year.
1. Green innovation is sustainable, with a double return on quality, and, based on market conditions, the market is now profitable. In addition, 260,000 are profitable.
Tons of high molecular emulsions and 200,000 tons of acrylic acid production capacity will also contribute to profits in the second half of the year, while the central trend in natural gas prices in the United States has moved downwards and the reserves of the 2024 project remain small.
3. Four quarters performance was robust, new materials projects accelerated, and research and development inputs were strengthened to accelerate progress towards first-class new materials platform-type enterprises.
The Confederation of Trades and Industry organized a results-based validation exercise to evaluate the state of the technology, which was of a better quality than domestic and foreign products, and the technology filled the domestic void and provided the company with core raw material security for the development of high-end polyethylene products; and the first eaa project in Asia, which the company cooperated with the Koreask Group subsidiary.
The ethylene ethylene and acrylic acid combines the development of high-end packaging materials. α-vinyl hydrocarbons are rapidly advanced using the High-end New Materials Industrial Park project, opening up the growth space. α-vinyl hydrocarbons are successfully moving forward with the High-end New Materials Industrial Park project, which is about to land.
On June 17, 2023, the project and the Park Management Board concluded their contracts and signed the first charter parties agreements. On November 10, 2023, the project completed the provincial records flow.
X. On 29 December 2023, an environmental evaluation was conducted at one stage of the project. The company ' s various (1) risks arising from fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products; (2) risks to safe production;
(3) Environmental protection risks; (4) implementation of the project at a slower rate than expected; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I personally refer to these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.