Basic chemical and chemical materials Promotion of the Quality Pay Up programme, c2/c3 taps deepening green development Promotion of the Quality Pay Up programme of action.
Under the action programme, companies will continue to build new chemical materials, “eco-circles” around new energy vehicles, lithium ion batteries, and solar energy.
“The new three types” of batteries, etc., focus on the development of relevant new chemical packages and on the targeted development of polyolefins, polyethylene elastomer materials associated with new energy vehicles: diaphragms, electropolar coatings, electrolytic liquid materials, etc., associated with lithium ion batteries; photovoltaic film materials (poe), associated with solar cells
Stickers, silver slurry, dioxygen water, etc.: creation of a green low-carbon “industry chain” (continue to start with a green low-carbon material, absorbs more than 100,000 tons of carbon dioxide throughout the year, promotes the use of green energy such as wind power and photovoltaics, increases from year to year in relation to traditional electricity, and actively deploys hydrogen in combination);
To develop a “new space” of high quality (focusing on offshore markets in South-East Asia, Central Asia, Africa, the Americas and Europe, and promoting satellite brands worldwide). Companies will continue to be investor-oriented and share the fruits. Companies have accumulated $1.773 billion in red over the last three years, with accumulated profits distributed in cash.
Development of new technological productivity, c2/c3 taps to deepen green development. In 2023, the company expects to achieve a single success with an annual production of 400,000 tons of polystyrene and an annual production of 100,000 tons of ethanolamine, which will promote the integrated use of ethylene for the extension of high-value-added products.
The α-vinylene industrial test unit was successful in a single drive, and the poe device accelerated its progress, with new phase results, which laid the groundwork for a follow-up acceleration of the construction of the 100,000-ton industrial unit per year. 40,000 < < < < investment in research and development, opening up new chemical materials
The ton eaa installation was well under way, and plans were made to continue to invest in the construction of a new 50,000-ton annual eaa installation operation >--2023-11-06 phase II project to address the country's high import dependence on eaa.
< <q2 performance ring improvement, new material operations worth signing a future R & D centre project, 178 acres, expected future R & D inputs > - - 2023-07-19
$10 billion to build a 1,000-person research and development team, 100 PhDs, to be operational by 2025. < < Pacific Chemical ' s Pulsification Depth Report: The company ' s research and development costs for the previous three quarters increased by 24.09 per cent over the same period and will be a new chemical material for future companies.
c3+c2 Together, there is a wide scope for growth > - sustained business growth provides a strong support - the construction of targets is less advanced than expected: safety and environmental risks, etc.
Promoting the implementation of the Quality Return Double Up programme, c2/c3 Dragons Deepening Green Development, D2nd Unit, 9th Far North Street, Beijing City West Side, Pacific Securities, 17th Floor, State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102 Pacific Securities Institute.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.