The year-on-year performance increased, with a projected upturn to satellite chemistry (002648.sz) and the growth and events company issuing a 2023 performance report, which is initially accounted for and is expected to result in a gross operating income in 2023
At the industrial level, c2 production chains rebounded in 2023 as a result of high international gas prices, and the company ' s main feedstock, ethane, fell in 2023.
US$/tonne, 48.9 per cent lower than the previous year; primary products, Hdpe, styrene, polystyrene, ethylene and tpeg, improved management.
The second is that the company has invested in the promotion of strong chains, the re-linking chain, and continues to develop towards high-end products. In 2023, the company achieved the production and sale of devices such as (poly)styrene, ethanolamine, battery level dmc, electron-level dioxygen water, hydrogen, etc. In addition, the merger and purchase of new materials contributed to the growth of performance.
Overseas markets such as Africa, the Americas, and Europe drive revenue growth on a par. We believe that the c2 industry chain boom and the company’s multidimensional internal optimization, or the main reason for the high performance in 2023.
The gas supply is relatively adequate, the price of ethane is expected to remain low, and the c2 climate is expected to improve with end demand. The company’s joint venture in the United States, which has 9 million tonnes/year of ethane pipelines, currently in use only 3 million tonnes/year, helps to secure the supply of materials for the follow-up c2 project.c3 industry chain
At the project level, the company ' s 800,000 tonnes/year polycarbonol project plans to complete a trial production in May 2024, with an accompanying acrylic chain, most of which will be used for the production of acrylates. In addition, the 200,000 tonnes/year high pure acrylic acid project and 260,000.
The Ton/Annual High Molecular Lactation Project is also planned to be operational by 2024. Improving the integrated layout of the industrial chain, and keeping the code high-end new material up to date, in the medium term, the company’s growth properties are staggered.
The company plans to invest approximately $25.7 billion in new high-end new materials industrial parks in Lien Yun Harbour, including 2.5 million tonnes/year AFO raw materials, 51.1 million tonnes/year AFOs, 3.1.2 million tonnes/year Poe, 21.5 million tonnes of HPCs, 24.4 million tonnes/year pvc, 15,000 tonnes/year AFOs,
The project is planned to be built in two phases, with the Government's approvals and the first EVA, which is expected to start in March 2024, with the project scheduled to be completed by the end of 2025, to be completed in 2025. In addition, the company relies on its industrial chain advantages to carry out high-end downstream production of ethylene and acrylic acid.
The current phase of the project is well under way and is expected to start in 2025. The country’s eaa is highly dependent on imports, and as the eaa project comes into production, the company is expected to enjoy an alternative dividend to national production.
[Galactic Chemical] company reviews _ satellite chemistry _ 23 years with a year-on-year increase, _ satellite chemistry _ three quarters with an over-expected performance, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.