• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the evening of 22 January, satellite chemistry release of the 2023 annual performance forecast, expected to result in a net return
The costs of raw materials are differentiated, the prices of the products are slightly reduced, and the soundness of the company's operations is continuously validated by the Division.c Cost ends are clearly down and downstream demand is slightly reduced.c At the cost end, the cost ends are four quarters of ethylene.
Prices fell sharply, propane prices recovered, and c2c3 cost end effects were differentiated. Quarterly average prices of ethane were 22.76 cents/gallons, 22.5 per cent lower than in the third quarter, gas prices fell sharply in the United States, and chain costs changed rapidly.
The cost of the industrial chain has risen. At the demand end, the four-quarters downstream of the FC is under the influence of the ten-percent boom, and there has been a fall since the national holiday, but as the industry costs have reached below position, the overall cost end supports the downs and remains low.
From 2024, we believe that oil prices will remain high, that there will be a constant trend of surplus US gas supplies, and that corporate profits will be stable.
During the reporting period, devices such as company (poly) styrene, ethanolamine, battery-grade dmc, electron-level dioxygen water were put into production, while at the same time it was completed by the end of the year and a portion of the profits were shown.The company ' s 2024 project was well-stocked, with 800,000 tonnes of BKEL project expected to be realized in one quarter.
Pilot production, part of post-partum reduction of acrylic acid units, part of acrylic esters, and part of a market-based out-sale increase in butocoolol regulation, currently profitable in the market for butocoolol 2.
In addition, 260,000 tons of high molecular emulsions and 200,000 tons of acrylic acid production will increase significantly in the next 3.2 quarter, with new high-end materials.
On 17 June 2023, the project was signed with the Park Management Board.
On November 10, 2023, the project completed its provincial record-keeping process. On December 29, 2023, the project launched an environmental evaluation.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks; and (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.