Sujiyama identification, other chemical materials, satellite chemistry (002648.sz)
The 23-year performance met expectations of an increase of 12 per cent in the contribution of the new energy materials business; a net return of $4,789 million, or 54.71 per cent over the same period; a steady increase in the volume of production and sales of non-repatriated energy materials and an increase in the contribution of the new energy materials business.
The Māori rate has increased by 3.32 pct on a year-on-year basis, with a sustained increase in R&D inputs. The company Māori rate is 19.84%, and the circulation a/total equity (billions): the same ratio + 3.32 pct, with an increase in the Māori rate of high molecular material.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): +64 per cent, mainly due to the expansion of distribution channels, higher revenues and higher costs associated with the company ' s development of a 1,000-ton α-vinyl industrial test unit, which was successfully driven in one drive, and speeded up the development of the poe device.
In the next five years, satellite chemistry will invest more in research and development, with new projects planned to be launched within five years to integrate the industrial chain. The company and the Korea-Sk Group subsidiary produce 40,000 \triangleright per year.
The project is scheduled to be delivered in mid-2024, and will be submitted in mid-2024.
Li Quan, more efficient use of pdh acetylene resources for the production of polycarbonols to form acrylic acid-propylate production chains closed; Kajing base accelerated the 260,000-ton high molecular emulsion project to widen the downstream of acrylic acids
Risk of rising raw materials prices: due to company cost advantages, mainly due to low prices in the United States region
Affordable ethane, if the price of ethane in the United States soars due to geoclimatic conflicts, extreme weather, etc., puts some pressure on public costs. The downside risk of demand: due to downstream demand for company products involving multiple collars such as property, spinning clothing, consumption, etc.
The \triangleright domain is highly relevant to China’s economy, and if the relevant industrial policy is not stimulated as expected, it will face a reasonable basis for production. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.