Nationally produced medical video equipment pioneered, innovatively leading the global development of the medical video equipment industry: high clinical value + policy support + low maintenance of high end equipment.
The market for medical imaging equipment in China has continued to grow and, based on an intellectual consultation process, reached 53.7 billion yuan in 2020 and is expected to reach 751.2 in 2025.
Substitution of national production: According to the frost&sullivan study, most of the many cutting-edge technologies available in China’s home-grown medical imaging equipment are in the long run and have great potential for development. Compared to developing countries like Japan and the United States of America, the per capita holdings of medical imaging equipment, such as mr, are low.
Ping, there may be a larger application penetration in the future. Also, Dr's national production rate in video equipment is 44%, ct, mr, pet-ct, etc., is below 20%, and the level of national production is higher than the company's price compared to the depth of 300%.
Policy support for the integrated capacity-building programme of the District Hospital “Kill County Works” to help upgrade medical facilities at the grass-roots level and add the policy of interest-bearing loans to promote large-scale equipment upgrading and consumer goods for the old.
A new programme of action is expected to give further impetus to the development of the medical video equipment industry.
Space for expansion is still in place. From 2015 to 2019, the market for therapeutic devices in China grew from 2.82 billion yuan to 3.91 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12.8 per cent, and the market for therapeutic devices in China is expected to reach 6.33 billion yuan in 2030.
The technical threshold of the rt product is high, and the company ' s share of the rt market is still the third highest in the company ' s rt product market, according to the number of new market places in the country in 2023.
• Corporations: Nationally produced high-end medical imaging equipment pioneers, committed to the global market after 10 years, joint film medicine has become a pioneer in the national production of medical imaging equipment, from catching up to beyond, the company has continued to roll out its own in-house/national in-house primary equipment over the past 10 years, and the product lines are growing.
Rich. The company’s products cover various types of equipment, such as mr, ct, mi, xr, rt. The third-a hospital occupancy rate is increasing year by year, and the mi-type equipment is entering high-level hospitals in the United States, with a high degree of clinical recognition. The company has increased by 1.33 per cent.
The product lines are rich and competitive: in the field of high-end medical imaging equipment and radiotherapy equipment, the coverage of the company's product lines is largely consistent with international manufacturers such as gps 1. In recent years, the company's high-end products have been phased out, leading to an increase in Māori rates and net interest rates.
High-end 3.0t and 5.0t market recognition gradually increased, while configuration cards stimulated high-end demand for release; (c) ct: high-end 128 and ultra-high-end (~256 rows) were well-motivated; (c) mi and rt: high-value equipment, low per capita retention rate, expected to benefit from large-scale equipment
The supply chain is self-controlled: the company adheres to its own production model, is able to produce and deploy domestically and internationally, and sustains an internal offensive against core parts and bottom technologies, avoiding the risk of critical components, "carats".
spectrometers, mi core materials and components (scintillation crystals, detectors), ct core components (detectors, high-pressure generators), etc., self-researching or self-production, and further development of other core components, high-end tubes and high-end high-pressure generators only, xr x-rays
The components such as tubes, high-end high-pressure generator and tablet detectors, rt magnetic tubes, etc., have not yet been able to grow from offshore operations: they have expanded in an orderly manner overseas, and now cover more than 70 countries and territories in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, and Africa.
The product has been exported, and the revenue from the main offshore business has been drawn from the $2019 RMB 98.885 million strategy, adhering to the “one nuclear multi-wing” global market strategy, further building deep offshore marketing systems and deep breakthroughs in global markets.
Do not achieve 22.38, 27.41, 34.49 billion yuan, or 13.3%, 22.5%, 25.8%, respectively. Given that companies are leading companies with domestically produced medical video equipment, products are competitive, and barriers to research and development are high, covering the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating.
Operational cooperation risks under the distribution model: internationalization and business expansion risks.
1.1 Ten years of sharpening the sword to become the lead company in the national production of medical imaging equipment, which is the leading company in the field of high-end medical equipment in our country, has now constructed a full product line layout that includes medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, and can provide integrated solutions for end-users.
The project has led to the creation of global research and development and historical evolution in China, the United States, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc.: since its establishment in 2011, the company has continuously introduced new products, the product lines have been enriched, it has moved from catching up to reaching beyond, and it has been making progress in joint cinema medicine.
In 2013, the company’s headline mr, ct, xr was put on the market, in 2014 it introduced 70cm of the country’s 70cm headline 1.5tmr product, in the same year it also launched the mobile dr product. In 2015, it launched the national headline 3.0tmr product, in the same year, in the form of mr770 and the long-range visualization exposure of the country’s headlines, in the form of a mobile dr product, in the form of udr 370i.
In 2016, the state-owned flagship high-performance clinical product 3.0tmr umr 780 and the state-owned flagship product tofpet/ct umi 780 were introduced. The state-owned flagship high-performance research product 3.0tmr umr 790 was launched in 2017. In 2018, the company launched the industry-led first-level diagnostics-based integrated treatment accelerator product, urt--
In 2019, the company continued to launch the industry ' s first product with a 4d body-to-body dynamic scan, uexplier, and the country ' s first product, a low-density three-dimensional digital mammography product, umammo.
In 2020, the company continued to launch the 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr product umromega, the state-owned premiere, the 320 row ultra-high-end ct product utct 960+, and the state-made super-high animal mr product umr 9.4t, the first year, the company launched the industry ' s first 5.0t body-wide magnetic resonance umrjupiter 5t, which captured the super-high-field magnetic resonance.
In 2023, the company launched the first industry article, the smart robot dsauangioaviva.
In September of that year, Mr. Xue held 24,04% of the shares of the company indirectly through the joint film group and the Shanghai Shadows. The Shanghai State Finance Commission held 16,38% of the shares of the company indirectly through the Shanghai Federation.
The company’s top management team has a strong view of internationalization and has had many years of deep experience in the industry. The company’s top executive team has an excellent background, has a wealth of work experience in international medical equipment companies such as ge and Philip, has a high level of industrial experience, and has developed a market strategy based on the company’s “high-strength, full-line coverage” approach, basically achieving “full-chain, full-product lines”
In 2020, the new coronary disease led to the purchase of vehicles, dacts, mobile dr, and other related medical equipment, and the company ' s revenue grew significantly, and the net profit earned by the mother in the same year was reversed and sustained high growth. 2020 - the company ' s main business was prominent, with wide product coverage. 2018 - 2023, the company sold medical imagery diagnostics.
Equipment and radiotherapy equipment received more than 87 per cent of the total revenue, of which MRI systems (mr) and computer faults Scan imaging systems (ct), Molecular Image imaging systems (mi) received more than 75 per cent. The revenue from the company’s main business was mainly domestic sales, and the revenue from sales abroad increased rapidly.
In 2023, the company continued to expand its offshore operations, with revenue from offshore operations growing annually, with the company's main offshore business earning 1.659 billion yuan (based on the location of the terminal customer), an increase of 53.97 per cent from the same year, while the Department's overseas revenue from offshore operations amounted to $933 million (based on the location of the terminal customer), representing a percentage of the company's operating income.
Profitability remains strong and cost rates are well regulated. As high-end equipment is released and raised, the self-production rate of the equipment increases, the scale effects of the production and sales drive down costs, the company’s Māori sales ratio is equal to the net interest rate of sales 1.2 product lines are rich, equipment retention is growing rapidly, and revenue from derived maintenance services is generated
Product layout: By the end of 2023, the company had cumulatively rolled out nearly 120 products to the market, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scanning systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), subsystems (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life science instruments.
In the area of digital diagnostics, companies are based on a networked cloud system structure that provides joint video medical cloud services, enables equipment to be used to coordinate with applications and share medical resources, and provides integrated solutions for end-users.
Chart 10, the company’s main product line. The company’s total sales of equipment in the series have risen steadily, the tri-a hospital’s occupancy rate has been rising year by year, and authoritative medical institutions have been highly recognized.
By the end of 2023, the company had moved to more than 1,000 tri-a hospitals throughout the country, gaining access to a wide range of clinical facilities at all levels.
As the volume of equipment sold has increased, the market holdings of the company's products have increased rapidly, and maintenance revenues from the equipment have decreased the maintenance costs incurred during the period of product failure: (2) the number of products sold and the number of products in the market stock.
Growth, the number of products for which regional maintenance engineers are responsible increased, the distribution of average labour costs and travel, etc., 1.3 equity incentive programmes advanced in an orderly manner, and a new round of equity incentive programmes for companies could be developed over time, highlighting the company ' s long-term development confidence.
The Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2024 (draft) is intended for company directors, senior managers, core technicians, etc.
Motivation of company staff. 2 Medical Video Equipment Industry: High Clinical Values + Policy Support + Low High-end Equipment Holdings, industry is still fast-paced and long-term
2.1 Medical imaging equipment has a wide range of clinical applications, national-made alternatives to space-based medical imaging equipment is used in medical devices to record the distribution of signal intensity of human feedback by applying a combination of physical signals, including visible light, x-rays, ultrasound, and powerful magnetic fields, to the human body for diagnostic or therapeutic guidance purposes.
Equipment to form images and enable doctors to interpret the technical means of human structure, pathological information. Depending on the purpose of the use, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic image equipment and therapeutic image equipment, which can be divided broadly into magnetic resonance imaging (mr) equipment depending on the signal, X-ray computer scavenging equipment.
Imaging (ct) equipment, xr (xr) equipment, molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound (us) preparation, etc.: The treatment of images can be broadly divided into digital migraine imaging equipment (dsa) and directed radiation equipment (bone c-arm).
Global ageing, rising chronic diseases, and rising health spending have contributed to the expansion of the global market for medical devices, and the new crown epidemic has further accelerated the expansion of the market. Credential consultation data show that the global market for medical images in 2020 was over $43 billion, the Chinese market for medical images was over 53.7 billion yuan, and the market for medical equipment was over 53.7 billion yuan.
The market for medical video equipment in China will continue to grow, driven by a double-wheel drive of demand-cum-dividend policies, with a complex market size that will expand beyond the global market for medical video equipment, and is expected to grow significantly faster than the global market for medical video equipment in 529 countries in 2025.
Figure 162015-2025e The size of China’s market for medical video equipment Chart 152015-2025e The size of the global market for medical video equipment is the highest technical barrier in the medical equipment industry.
Research shows that among the many cutting-edge technologies currently available to Chinese-produced medical imaging equipment, except for the pet technology, which is still in its early stages, most of which are in its long term, with rapid growth and high growth potential.
We still have long-term video technology, and we have large per capita equipment holdings. Most of our medical imaging technology is in the industry and long-term, with high-end video equipment still developing at a relatively early start.
In 2018, we had 9.7, 18.2 and 0.6 per million holdings, respectively, and in 2019 we had 2.7 units per million, which was significantly lower than in the United States of America.
Figure 18 Comparison of per capita holdings of images and therapeutic devices in some countries
The reserve sector has been characterized by a low concentration of industries, small size of firms, and a low share of domestic products in the upper-middle-end markets. In recent years, the overall level of research and development of domestically produced medical equipment has been accompanied by the gradual acquisition of product core technologies, the rise of product quality and slogans, and a number of national firms have been able to overturn their trades through technological innovation, with a pattern of import monopolies.
Changes are taking place, and the industry of nationally produced medical imaging equipment is moving towards the goal of running alongside international brands. National manufacturers of medical imaging equipment are increasing their research and development inputs and technological innovations, moving towards a range of low-end products to medium-end essential medical equipment, with a wide range of national production rates for different types of equipment, and medical imaging.
Of the equipment, Dr has a national production rate of 44 per cent, ct, mr, pet-ct, etc., which is less than 20 per cent, with a lower level of national production and greater scope for future upgrading.
2.2 The importance of China's health-care system is highlighted in the context of global public health events.
In October 2021, the National Health Commission issued the Circular on the Work Programme for Integrated Capacity Improvement in District Hospitals (2021-2025), which aims to promote the sinking of high-quality medical resources from provincial and municipal to district areas, and to increase capacity in conjunction with district hospitals, and to supplement medical services in Qi District Hospitals.
The programme aims to “in 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals nationwide will be equipped with level-III hospital medical services.”
Capacity level of services: The priority tasks include “building of five resource-sharing centres for medical examinations, medical imagery, electrocardio-diagnostic diagnosis, pathology, disinfection supply, with district medical communities as vehicles, building interconnected hospitals in Ito County, and increasing the efficiency of the allocation and use of medical resources in the district”.
According to the Circular of the Office of the National Commission on Health and Hygiene on the publication of the second batch of sub-district hospitals that meet the criteria for recommending the capacity of district hospitals to provide medical services, in 2021 there were 441 county hospitals that were largely qualified for level III hospital capacity, and in April 2022, 1,233 county hospitals were selected as district hospitals for the Integrated Capacity Improvement Work of the District Hospitals of the “Kill Districts Project”
District hospitals that have not made significant progress on the list and which are not in line with the goal of reaching level-III hospital services will be removed.
Overall objective: To meet the needs of the population in the districts and to accelerate the improvement of the system of level-based consultations Work Objective: By 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals nationwide will have reached the level of capacity for level-III hospital medical services Continuous upgrading of capacity for medical services
1. Strengthening specialized capacity-building. 1. Operationalization of the functional positioning of district hospitals in the system of graded consultations.
2. To accelerate the development of a high-quality workforce. 2. Upgrading the scientific management of district hospitals. 3. Construction of oncology control, slow-disease management, micro-incidental intervention, anaesthetic pain.
Establishment of “five centres” for clinical services such as district medical examinations, medical imagery, electrocardio-diagnostic diagnosis, pathology, diagnosis, intensive care, etc. Disinfection supply of “five centres” for shared medical resources
4. Establishment of the “Five Centres” for District Medical Quality Control, Human Resources, Operation Management, Health Care, Child and Neonatal Care.
Management, Information and Data Medical Community quality management of the “Five Centres” 5. Continuous improvement of medical services. 6. Continuous improvement of hardware conditions.
Development of the overall implementation of the comprehensive capacity enhancement of provincial and district hospitals, taking into account the evaluation of the capacity of district hospitals to provide medical services during the period of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan
A list of hospitals in the “Kill District Project” was published, and a follow-up assessment was made: the basic conditions were good, the construction was moving faster and the results were positive.
Increased support from county hospitals, interest-bearing loan policies, policies to promote the production of medical equipment in countries such as mass equipment upgrading programmes, etc., are on the rise and are expected to benefit further from medical video equipment.
In September 2022, the Standing Committee of the State Council determined that “part of the special re-loan and fiscal interest-rate support areas are to be updated, expanded market demand and increased development.” In response to the call for the issuance of the Circular on Recommendations and Reference Materials for the Purchase of Equipment with Interest-Affordable Financial Interest Loans at the Usage Period, the Health and Welfare Board explicitly used the Financial Interest-Affordable Loans for renewal
The policy of renovating medical equipment at the end of the hospital was implemented with a 2.5 per cent interest discount on the central treasury for a period of two years, no more than 3.2 per cent interest on loans, less than 0.7 per cent interest on subsidies and not less than 20 million yuan per hospital loan; according to the communiqué of the Guangdong Medical Industry Association, the list of loan approvals for interest-bearing loans has been disclosed and is expected to involve medical care in the amount of 200 billion yuan.
In March 2024, the State Council considered the adoption of the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Goods for Old Action.
The overall requirement of the programme is that “by 2027, investment in equipment in the fields of industry, agriculture, construction, transport, education, travel, medical care, etc. will have increased by more than 25 per cent over the 2023 period”, which will facilitate the upgrading of equipment and information facilities in health-care institutions and encourage medical institutions in a position to do so to speed up medical imagery, radiotherapy, tele-diagnosis, hands.
2.3 Animal imaging equipment is connected to human use, technology is easily mobile, pet medical imaging equipment is essentially the same as human equipment, and it is based on x-ray technology.
Development, applications in the fields of dr, mri, ct, ultrasound imaging, and endoscopes. As the pet economy develops, the pet medical image market opens up further and promotes the development and application of more specialized high-end image equipment.
To the problem of entanglement of animal hair, the equipment has to set different parameters depending on the type of animal; the detection angle, measurement location etc. are different at the time of use, and most pets require anesthesia for medical imaging tests in order to ensure that the detection process remains static.
The pet economy has emerged to boost the need for pet medicine, and upstream providers of medical equipment have taken the lead in setting up. A variety of brands of human health equipment, such as Miri, Ge, and East Soft, have been branded with wide-area medical facilities, taking advantage of technological innovations and successful research and development in the area of human use of medical equipment, and getting married to animal collars.
Foreign manufacturers are relatively mature in their applications in pet medicine, where pets in high-end markets are currently located in the country. Hospitals are more interested in internationally recognized brands because of their equipment performance and brand influence.
In addition, well-known overseas manufacturers such as Hitachi, Mikasa x-ray, Fuji Medical Care, and Italy's Victory are also well-known in the medium- and high-end areas of X-ray, ct, ultrasound, etc.
(a) The pet medical industry industrial chain: upstream participants in the industrial chain are suppliers of medicines and medical devices, provision of inspection equipment, biological agents, etc., for pet medicine institutions; in the industrial chain, participants provide medical services downstream for pet medical institutions and third-party inspection enterprises; and in the industrial chain downstream, mainly through providers and consumers.
The number of Chinese pets has continued to grow and family pet penetration has increased considerably. In 2019, 107 million families were raising pets and the number of pets amounted to 302 million. In 2024, the number of Chinese pets is expected to reach 446 million, and the average compound rate for 2019-2024 was 8.1 per cent. As of 2022, Chinese family pet penetration was 20 per cent left.
Right, there is room for further improvement compared to countries like the United States and Japan. Figure 26 2014-2024e Number of Chinese pets. Figure 272022 Comparison of household pet penetration rates across countries.
China’s pet medicine industry has accelerated its growth, and its market has continued to expand. Pet consultations are at the heart of the pet industry chain, scientific attitudes are deepening, and concerns about pet health are increasing.
White Paper data show that 37.1% of all year-round visits to hospitals were to the highest number of pets in three to five, and that, with the growing number of pets, the country’s pet medicine is entering a period of rapid growth. China’s pet economy is growing rapidly, and the market in the pet medical sector has grown in size, with China’s pet medical sector in 2019.
At 42.7 billion yuan in size, it is expected to reach 87.23 billion yuan in 2024, and at an average compound rate of 2.4 good overseas medical imaging equipment profiles for 2019-2024. ge: full deployment of various fields such as medical images, ultrasound, 100 years of technology deposition.
The company merged with Thomson-Huston Electric to create General Electric (ge) in the 1970s, with the growth of the company's medical business,ge upgraded the medical system sector to the Ministry of Health. In 1983, ge launched its first 1.5t magnetic resonance; in 1999, ge launched its first industrial spect/ct; in 2002, ge push
The first four-d imaging ultrasound device in the world. With the release of the company’s top-of-the-art equipment in multi-business, the company has also been expanding its operations worldwide. In 1991, ge (China) Ltd. was established in China; in 2023, ge Medical Services started operating independently and was listed in NASDAQ in the United States.
In January 2023, Gehealth announced that the previously announced break-up plan from the Ge Group had been completed.
Health will be listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange as an independent company, with gehealth covering four major business plates: medical imagery, ultrasound, patient care solutions and drug diagnosis.
Figure 302020-2024h1gehealth Collections Images, ultrasound panels with a significant comparative advantage, the United States, Canada, and China account for nearly 60% of market performance.
The study of images, ultrasound, patient care solutions and drug diagnosis, with medical images (imaging) being the company’s core business, with incomes exceeding 50% in 2023, and balanced development of the other three sectors. Geographically, the United States and Ghana are the most important revenue markets for gehealth, with revenues reaching 43.73% in 2023, and China is also a company.
In 1891, gerardphilip founded Philips in the Netherlands and developed the world’s first x-ray pipe in 1896.
In 1960, Philip launched the world’s first dedicated cardiovascular imaging system; in 1992, Philip launched the world’s first two-row spiral, opening the era of multiple voltage; and in 2006, Philip launched the first one with flying time technology, pet/ct. In the twenty-first century, Philip began his operations in China, in 2004, Philip and Dong Soft.
In Shenyang, a Philip East Soft joint venture was established; in 2009, Philip established a medical video base in Suzhou to invest in the low- and medium-end image market of Chinese medical devices.
The market in North America, Western Europe and China is growing strongly. Philip's revenues are broken down by business and geography, and the company's three main lines of business are: diagnostic & treatment, interconnection, health.
Caring, in which diagnostic & treatment is the company’s core business, generated nearly 50% of its income in 2023, including video equipment, and balanced development of the other two sectors. Geographically, companies divide the market into two main categories: two-digit growth in mature markets and growth areas.
Figure 352023: Distribution of Philip's sales income by Philip's sales area by Philip 362023: Siemens: 1847, ernstwernervonsniemens founded Siemens, 1896
During the year, the company released its first mri system; in 2012, the company released its global first-ever pet/mr integration system; in 2015, its medical operations were independent; and in 2018, Siemens was listed on the Frankfurt Exchange.
There has been good growth, and the harvest has been rising year by year. Siemens Medical Camps in 2019-2023 have been largely sustained year by year, with a compound increase of 10.54% and a net profit from corporate collections and repatriations in 2023 years, with 216.80, the traditional business image plate still prevailing, the acquisition of Walian to complete the company ultrasound business, global market developments, etc.
In 2021, Siemens acquired Varien, which became the company's main income plate.
3 Treatment facilities industry: technology breakthroughs, domestic market scale 3.1 Treatment is an important means of treating cancer, and the need for it is sustainable.
Ionizing radiation, which kills cancer cells and promotes tumor atrophy, can be used to treat multiple types of cancer, including physical tumours and leukaemia. According to WHO, 45 per cent of malignant tumours are curable, with 22 per cent of them surgically treated, with less than whho-standard per capita availability of equipment, rigid demand for treatment, and market-scale maturation space.
In 2019, we had only 2,021 accelerators, plus 60 cobalt machines, still only 2,087 and 1.50 per million population, below the standard of 2-4 per million population set by the WHO, and below the level of 6-12 per million population in developed countries and regions.
From 2015 to 2019, the market for therapeutic devices grew from 2.82 billion yuan to 3.91 billion yuan annually, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.51 per cent and a contraction in the market for therapeutic devices affected by the epidemic in 2020. The market for therapeutic devices is expected to continue as the population ages, the number of cancer patients increases and the accuracy and effectiveness of therapeutic devices is improved.
The market is expected to grow to $6.33 billion in 2030. 3.2 The technical threshold for the devices is high, and the core components of the rt product include accelerators, foliage rasters, power sources, modems and precision control modules.
In the course of clinical treatment, the medical straight-line accelerator system (linac) combines the treatment plan System software (tps), Oncology Information Management System software (ois), Radiotherapy Simulator (simulator) and so on.
The treatment program; then the treatment program is generated by the treatment program software; finally, the treatment program is implemented by the medical straight-line accelerator system. The country’s straight-line accelerator completes the world’s leading company, but in 2020, Varien (which has already been in the west)
The market share of high-end straight-line accelerators is still 98% in the country, and even in low-end areas, it is still more than 35%. Walian and medical doctors now occupy a major share of the rt market in the country, in the therapeutic equipment market, according to the company.
The annual report 2023, which ranked third in terms of market access for joint video rt products, based on the annual domestic market figures for 2023, still provides ample scope for companies to upgrade in the rt area. Figure 45 Competition patterns in the Chinese market for physiotherapy equipment (2020)
With the rapid development of precision medicine, the destruction of swelling in conditions that maximize the protection of normal tissues or organs of the human body, and the development of the technology for the treatment of neoplasmal radiation from the precision treatment of cancer stoves, the precise definition and sketching of the cancer target areas and the surrounding normal tissues are the basis for the treatment of precision radiation.
The device technology integrates the diagnostic level ct with the accelerator's twin centers to respond effectively to changes in tumour patterns throughout the course of the treatment, and combines smart software to significantly improve the efficiency of the medical staff while ensuring the accuracy of the treatment.
Medical (elekta): Focusing on radiotherapy solutions for whole body tumours and brain diseases, continuing to create new heights for the development of the new leading industry.
The invention of the stereo-direction system and the development of the gamma knife were commercialized. When it was established, the gamma knife was the only industry in the medical community. In 1994, the medical profession was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange in NASDAQ. In 1997, the medical department acquired Philips Radiotherapy, which enabled the medical profession to acquire Philips.
Direct-line accelerators and stereo-directional treatment systems have also been significantly enhanced in international marketing; in 2005, Koda acquired the United States of America's impac, which was established in 1990 as a leading provider of oncology management software, in several pathology laboratories. After the acquisition, the organization successfully established more than 3,000 hospitals and cancer centres around the world.
Links were established, and the first radiotherapy infomization river was created. In 2018, Medical Koda jointly developed seven world-renowned oncology centres to launch the first global high-field magnetic resonance system (mr/rt) — elektaunity.
Systems like, sophisticated radiotherapy and smart software capable of simultaneous radiotherapy of magnetic resonance imaging and positioning tumours.
The technology is deep-rooted, with more than 120 countries and territories covered, with the United States, China, etc., among others, the main markets. Fy2023 proceeds from sales are distributed by region, and corporate markets are found in countries such as the United States, China, Japan, Italy, and 23.2 per cent of sales in the United States and China, respectively.
16.1%, or a total of nearly 40%. As a pioneer of global precision-release therapy, the medical doctor (elekta) is a recognized leader in the field. According to the arteries network, the market in the top 50 hospitals in China has occupied a landmark company, Varian, and Siemens have joined forces to launch a new journey.
In 1937, the varian brothers invented a fast-moderated tube, which can be cyclically tuned to achieve accurate oscillation and magnification. The invention was originally designed for aerial radar use, but as the research went further, the varian brothers extended their applications to the medical field, providing the perfect microwave power source for the medical straight-line accelerator.
A milestone in the history of therapeutic development. On this basis, in 1948, Varianassociates listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1959 and successfully developed a medical straight accelerator for radiotherapy the following year; in 1972, Varien launched the world’s first high-energy medical straight accelerator, which will be electron.
In 2021, Varien joined Siemens and joined forces to promote innovation that will shape medical and cancer treatment together. According to Siemens 2023 Annual Report, the significant increase in the revenue of the Department of Operations of Variens was mainly due to new operations and construction.
In markets such as the United States and Western Europe, product and service innovations have led to more household cooperation, and other markets have been driven mainly by demand for oncology equipment and services. With Varien and Siemens merged, income has continued to grow, with the first three quarters of the 2024s, Varien camping and passing.
Pre-tax adjusted profits were 27.47 million euros, or 8.02 per cent/29.02 per cent at the same rate. According to the first quarter of the first fiscal year of Siemens 2024, the growth of the Department of Warien Operations benefited in particular from the increase in the number of medical doctors in China and the Asia-Pacific region.
A localization strategy, which holds an important market share in China’s market for therapeutic treatment. In 1982, the Medical Corps launched a Chinese plan: in 2004, the Medical Corps (China) was established, marking the first step towards the localization of the market and products; and in 2008, the Medical Corps established a research and development centre in Shanghai.
It was officially upgraded to medical science and technology in 2019; medical equipment was established in 2013 and has now become the second largest medical facility production base outside Europe; medical science was established in 2018 to efficiently integrate resources for research and development, production, marketing, markets, manpower, etc.
China’s market is growing its investment year by year. In 2007, Warian established a factory in Beijing and a regional headquarters in Greater China, while setting up the company’s only medical straight-line accelerator production base outside the North American region. In 2020, Warian’s Beijing research and development and production base was established.
After going beyond Silicon Valley headquarters, it became the world’s most full-product line of research and development and production base. In 2022, Walian invested in building the Walian Beijing Global Innovation Centre in the Beijing Economic and Technological Development Area to sustain the localization strategy.
4.1 The product lines are rich and the domestic market is well-placed. Product lines: in the field of high-end medical imagery and radiotherapy products, the company product lines are largely consistent with international manufacturers such as ge-medical, Siemens-medical, Philip-medical, high-end products in mr, ct, etc.
The line has moved beyond the old-fashioned firms of Vandong Medical Care, East Soft Medicine, and so forth. In the firm’s industry, the market for low- and medium-end products has gradually moved to national production, while the market for high-end and ultra-high-end products remains dominated by import brands.
The market for medical video equipment is highly concentrated, and according to the data from medical admissions, the sales by winning mark were 77,54%, 64.96%, and 95.04% in 2023 mr, ct, mi, respectively. Within the product lines, the ownership of national brands has gradually become apparent, with joint cinema medicine being particularly prominent and stable.
4.1.1 mr: Full-organic capacity, future development focus 3.0t magnetic resonance image (mr) is a computer-processed image check using the signal difference from resonance of hydrogen atom cores in a powerful magnetic field using a certain level of tissue in the human body.
In 2015, joint film medicine launched China’s first 3.0t MRI 770, breaking the monopoly of imported brands on the high-end mr market, and being the first and only Chinese enterprise to achieve autonomous research and development of superconducted 3.0t MRI systems. Currently, its mr product lines cover 1.5t, 3.0t, 5.0t full-body MRI, and 9.4t ultra-high-field animal MRI.
And 1.5t and 3.0t magnetic resonances include multiple products of conventional and large apertures that can meet the need for high-end clinical research from basic clinical diagnosis.
5.0t and the higher-intensity superconductor magnetism development technology, umrjupiter 5 is the type of 5.0t mr in the industry ' s first full-body image. In terms of aperture, the company has launched the industry ' s first 75cm and large aperture 3.0tmrumromega. It has a 70cm large aperture to provide.
Comfortable patient experience, big, 70cm of state production, big clinical scenes.
Quick-range imaging and wide-scale pressurization Imaging, with a steady increase in the sales of equipment at mr, of which 1.5t was sold at a relatively large scale.
Equipment and 3.0tmr equipment sales were: 265, 72, 2018-2023, company mr sales stabilized, “gps” and joint cinema medicine received the highest amount/volume in the country in 2022-2023. In 2023, joint cinema medicine received 21.32 per cent of the winning value/number, and in 2023, the ratio was 21.32 per cent/24.01 per cent.
Product plates in Eastern countries also account for a certain share of the market. 4.1.2ct: The product is well-lined to meet diversified needs. Computer fault scans (ct) are a X-ray and computer imager.
The combination is used in the diagnosis of the osteoporosis, the brain, the lungs, and the heart to obtain images of the internal cross-section of the human body. Because of the absorption capacity of x-rays in different human tissues, ct by X-ray beams can produce different energy signals, the probe captures energy signals and reconstructs them by computer analysis.
Corporate ctlines cover both clinical and economic products and high-end research products that meet the diverse needs of disease screening, clinical diagnosis, scientific research, etc. The company has launched 16 rows to 320 block products, including the national capital.
The output of 320 ultra-high-end ct products utc 960+ and the national production of 80 ctc products tc 780. 64.12 per cent, as a result of the early release of market ct equipment demand due to the epidemic, the sale of company ct equipment has been stable for the last two years, with sales and revenues of 1,799 cts in 2023 and $4,066 million, respectively.
Each year, there was a small increase in the share of the “gps” and a small decline in the share of the three. ct's market countries have relatively large brands of equipment, and are competitive in East soft, Anko, Wandong, Ming Peak, etc. 4.1.3 xr: production lines are expanding and competition patterns are relatively fragmented.
As a diagnostic device for modern medical foundations, xr is widely applied and can be applied to breast, gall and urinary diseases.
It is divided into general x-ray machines (gxr) and intertwining x-ray machines (ixr), which contain conventional dr, mobile dr, mammograms and gastrointestinal machines, which are used to diagnose diseases through x-ray photography; it is mainly a c-arm x-ray machine, which is used mainly for surveillance x-rays and photography during surgical operations.
Since the launch of the first xr product in 2016, the company has introduced the Smart Simulation Micro-intrusive Surgery System, uangio960, the Smart Simulation of Air Robotic Angiography System, uangioaviva, the National First Breast 3D, mammo 890i, the low-dose digital flat-plate movement of c-arms using single crystal silicon technology.
560i, full automatic suspension of dr product udr 780ipro for computer visual technology, mobile dr product with visual exposure control capacity udr380i, etc. Provision of specialist clinical solutions in multidisciplinary rooms, including low doses
The pediatric solution and the brain bone solution, which supports all the automatic sit-in long bone scaffolding applications, the production line expands, the epidemic releases Dr's market demand early, and returns to normal growth after 2021.
The surge in demand in the market for the early ct and dr products of the inflammation epidemic has released some of the additional acquisitions in the coming period. In 2020, the company earned $824 million, an increase of 126.65 per cent over the same period, and after 2021, the company recovered 16.44 per cent and 24.10 per cent, respectively, of its combined sales of equipment and revenues.
Dr: The pattern of competition is fragmented, the share of the country’s product plate is already dominant, and all are competitive. In 2023, the share of the country’s product brand, the joint film market, was the top two.
In 2023, the public administration launched the first industrial smart micro-intrusive surgery system, uangio 960, and it was the country's premiere.
The dsa system, which is structured by a robot, meets the need for multidisciplinary, sophisticated, sophisticated surgical scenes, such as panvascular, osteoporosis, chest and digestive tracts, to provide forward-looking and innovative guidance to the industry.c Arm: the competitive pattern is relatively fragmented and the number of players is high.ge is the first in the market, winning the 2023 bid.
The amount/number is 27.43 per cent/25.64 per cent respectively. The joint picture is still in the market expansion stage, 2023, 4.1.4mi: the technical barriers are high, the company has a significant advantage in the first instance, i.e. the equipment includes the pet/ct and pet/mr equipment. pet/ct combines the pet and ct cleaning.
Characteristically, the scand images combine the anatomical structure images of ct-scans and the pet functional metabolic images with sensitive, accurate, unique and well-positioned features that allow the early detection of the stoves and the precise diagnosis of cancer and brain function diseases.
The company has taken the lead in the deployment of mi in the national production of medical video equipment, a small number of companies in the country that have acquired a list of pet/ct products and achieved full-time production, and has been launching multi-sector leading products, including the industry ' s 4d full-body dynamic scanning of the first product utexporer (totalbodypet/ct), and the national product ' s first product.
(a) The conversion of the pet/mr productupmr790, the digitized tofpet/ct product umi780, and the national product pet/ct product umi510, to type B equipment with decentralized approvals, rapid release of equipment, and possible future development.
For the first time, 14 devices were sold to Smi, and in 2023 the number of items sold increased rapidly to 130, with revenue reaching the level of primary category A equipment managed by the National Health Board until 2018, which to some extent limited the spread of the pet/ct in medical institutions: April 2018, the Board published " On the Publication of Large Medicines " .
The catalogue of permits for equipment management (2018) was changed to type B equipment, the accreditation authority was delegated to the provincial health departments by the Health and Welfare Board, and medical facilities were equipped with a larger range of options. The number of installed machines in the country is expected to increase rapidly.
In 2023, the number of winners was 22.31%, after ge and Siemens. According to the company ' s 2023 report, joint cinema medicine was one of the manufacturers of molecular imaging equipment at the head of the Chinese market, according to the new cities in China.
The first year in a row of many years of achieving China’s market share is the number one in number by field amount statistics. Figure 622018-2023. Company mi equipment sales and revenues. Chart 632023.
4.1.5rt: Precision video-guided therapy, which the company is still in the process of developing in the market
ion equipment, with medical straight-line accelerators, which can be used extensively for the treatment of multiple parts of the body with primary or secondary tumours. The company has developed a first industrial integrated c.i.c. direct-line accelerator, urt-linac506c.
In 2019-2023, corporate sales increased from 1 to 31, driving the collection of rt equipment, and the pattern of competition showed a double-hatted monopoly and accelerated catch-up of the country’s product plates. Medical doctors and Variens dominated the market for a long time.
According to data from medical recruitment, 78% of sales were made in 2022 by medical doctors and Variens, with a strong monopoly, and 13.07% of the winning bid. According to the company ' s 2023 annual report, the number of new domestic markets in 2023 was higher.
Shrt products are ranked third in the market and are gradually breaking out of the strong monopoly on import brands.
4.2 Innovative capabilities, supply chain self-sufficiency, product up-scaling Vertical R & D systems + platformed R & D models to safeguard integrated R & D capabilities. Companies build vertical innovation systems that cut across technology, products and software in order to achieve ownership of core technologies and build barriers to product competitiveness;
A common software and common hardware research and development platform has been set up, with a platformed research and development model across product lines that provides the basis for technology learning and communication, product integration, and replication. Talent ladders build up the full intellectual property layout, solid foundation for innovation.
A research and development ladder with a vision of globalization, led by a number of top scientists and deep industry management and research and development experience. By the end of 2023, the company had 7440 employees, of whom 2956 were research and development staff.
The company’s intellectual property system covers patents, trademarks, copyrights, and technical secrets. By the end of 2023, the number of patent-based intellectual property claims by companies exceeded 9,900.
Of these, patent applications for inventions account for more than 80% of all patent applications, and companies have accumulated more than 5,100 intellectual property authorizations, including more than 3,000. Companies seek to create a comprehensive intellectual property distribution system that protects technological innovation in firms from different perspectives.
Research products: the company is currently studying a number of products, accelerating product rotations. Research and development is mainly directed towards the extension and overlap of existing product lines, as well as the development of national generations of core parts and components.
In terms of research, the company is working with the Beijing Institute and other leading hospitals in the country, such as the Sichuan University Hospital in Huaxi, to promote major medical clearances and deepen cooperation.
With the official opening of the issue, the company has made every effort to increase its research on photon spectrometers and magnetic resonance line accelerators. There is currently no national production of photon numerals, and the company is committed to promoting the ingenuity of ct, and plans to widen the application of ct by providing multi-pathical clinical solutions.
The company is also making further arrangements in the area of ultrasound images, strengthening its research and development on ultrasound systems and ultrasounds, and expanding its growth. Auto-production, Chinese-American energy distribution, clear distribution, and strengthening of the system.
In Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, Houston, USA, etc., production can be done. The joint production of the full-line product, the joint production of the joint production of mr, ct, xr, rt, and the production of the entire machine, the joint production of part of the complete and large-power components, and the production of part of the company ' s entire product, uiht.
On the supply chain side, the capacity of the four major production bases in Shanghai, Wuhan, Changzhou and the United States has been further enhanced, with more than 70 countries globally achieving logistics coverage and 100 per cent product delivery completion rates under existing supply guarantee systems.
The core element is a key element of the upstream supply chain of the medical imaging equipment industry, the national manufacturers of medical imaging equipment are at an overall vulnerable level of autonomous research and development capacity, and the import dependence of the core element is currently high. Electronics account for the higher cost of raw materials for medical equipment, while Chinese indigenous manufacturers produce the core element.
Smaller quantities, mainly supply dependent on imports, for example, the production of dr, ct, mri equipment, with dr ' s x-ball tubes, flatbed detectors, etc., accounting for 40 to 60 per cent of equipment cost; ct equipment ' s x-ball, high voltage generators, detectors, collection systems, etc., accounted for more than 60 per cent of equipment cost: mri equipment ' s superconductor magnets, etc.
The quality of these core components differs considerably from that of imported components, and the import dependency is high. The problem of the “cricket” of the core parts has led upstream core parts suppliers to have a higher bargaining power over Chinese- and Chinese-based medical equipment manufacturers.
The overall product bias towards low- and medium-end production has led, on the one hand, to low product performance, a long way to go in replacing high-end equipment with national production, and, on the other hand, to a low overall Māori ratio and a relative disadvantage in industrial competition.
CtCubes are the core parts of the medical image industry chain and are known as the cores of the tc equipment core, parts of the x-ray ball tubes, as an example of the importance of core components development, production and stable supply for the supply chain and self-development of image equipment manufacturers. ct is mainly a hardware tool such as x-ray tubes, high pressure, detectors, slide rings, hangars, etc.
A combination of software, such as a data-collection system, is used as a signal source for ct devices with the function of generating X-rays, converting electrical energy into X-rays, whose performance directly affects the image quality and useful life of ct. According to the Man-Wise Journal, the ct-pipes are replaced on average from 2 to 4 years, due to China's overuse of ct
Sub-hospitals have even reached the frequency of two tubes being replaced in one year, with a single tube selling price of RMB 100,000 to RMB 600,000, up to millions of dollars per ball pipe in a life cycle based on a 10-year useful life of ct.
Compared to the rigid demand for a ball pipe from a ct device, few manufacturers have the capacity to produce a ball pipe, especially a high-performance pipe, owing to its complex principles, unique materials and manufacturing processes. According to the arteries network, the manager is currently divided into two main categories; and the manufacturer of a whole machine, the third-party pipe, the former.
This includes only a few overseas brands, such as the gps, which are mainly foreign firms such as dunleee (which was acquired by Philip in 2001) and varex, which have emerged in recent years. It is thanks to self-reproductive capabilities of core components, such as ball tubes, that older firms such as the gps have a permanent monopoly on international medical video equipment.
In recent years, joint cinema medicine has been very active in building the core parts of video equipment, and according to the company ' s Report on the Response of Issuers and Procuring Agencies to Audit Questionnaires, the company has achieved the full core parts (magnetic, gradient, radio frequency and spectrometer) of m, and the core materials and components (scintillation crystals, detection) of m.
), core parts (detectors, high-pressure generators), core parts (x-ray tubes, high-pressure generators), self-research or self-production of core parts (accelerated tubes, multileaf rasters) of rt, and is moving forward with the development of their core components, high-end and high-end high-pressure generators, xr X-ray tubes, xr
High-end high-pressure generator and tablet detectors, parts such as rt's magnetic tubes have not yet been self-produced, and joint cinema medicine has taken the lead in breaking the monopoly of the “gps” in the domestic market, based on the principle of “full-wire cover, autonomous research and development, mastery of all core technologies, international best standards”.
According to the Joint Film and Television Care Program of Action for the Year 2024, "Big Return on Increased Efficiency". For key components and bottom technologies, companies will continue to build on core components and bottom technologies, actively promote the deep integration of cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, 5g, cloud technology, new materials, etc., with next generation diagnostic equipment, and explore new technologies in the health of the next generation.
New applications, new scenes, and all new technology coordinates the industry. Keep track of industry and market trends and gradually break down core technologies.
The principles of technology, international excellence for standards, and the continuous introduction of a series of high-end medical equipment for the market, “Initiative industry, deep representation of clinical values”, open up a completely new imagination for clinical and scientific research, from “highest international standards” to “exceeding international best standards” self-requirement, to “leading industry” from “the industry changer” to “the industry”.
4.3 The expansion of overseas markets has accelerated, globalization is sustainable, globalization is globalized, and overseas operations have expanded in an orderly manner. Companies plan to develop R & D, production, marketing, and services in eight countries: the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Poland, Japan, South Africa, Morocco, Malaysia, etc.
Based on the company’s market strategy of “a nuclear multi-wing, high-strength, full-line breakthrough.” Companies are actively pursuing overseas business development, starting with overseas product registration, team and network building, production bases, and supply chain layout.
At present, corporate operations cover more than 65 countries and territories in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, and Africa, contributing to global health services. By the end of 2023, in terms of global product layout, companies had accumulated in 54 countries and regions, both within and outside the country.
Over 700 product registrations or quality management system certifications and 45 product certifications, of which 16 have resulted in product mdr certifications: 44 products have been approved for sale in the United States through 51 fda510 (k) certifications, with distribution networks covering major developed and emerging markets worldwide.
Geographical dimensions: The company has been realized in the United States, Japan, Croatia, New Zealand, Poland, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Angola, Dominica, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Kuwait, Malaysia, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, Philippines, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Viet Nam, etc.
Equipment dimensions: corporate mr, ct, xr, mi products have been exported. Income dimensions: Corporate offshore revenue from the company’s main business grew from $98.8885 million in 2019 to 2023, and companies have adopted a strategy of expanding and improving their global business in response to the characteristics of different market regions around the world.
As the company’s products continue to be imported, globalization continues. Companies will accelerate the registration of new generation products and the entry of new products into the market. They will increase their cooperation in research and research, continue to build marketing systems, move forward to improve product functions to meet the clinical needs of their clients, deepen strategy development, strategy implementation, business expansion, people.
In the five years that have passed since the North American market, the company’s full-line video equipment has covered more than 50% of the states in the United States. In 2023, a new generation.
The import of products in the North American market has continued to increase, and companies' top clinical and scientific institutions have obtained high levels of technology and innovation in their entire product (28, 35, gs) with fda registrations, utc 960+ and miipanorama.
End-of-pipe equipment in top medical institutions, such as Huntsman, Christus, digital medical equipment has also entered independent molecular image centres and diagnostics, such as noorthern california and sms
The company ' s whole-line products have served a number of medical and scientific institutions in European countries, including Italy, Spain, Romania, Greece, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the company ' s digital pet/ct has been successful.
Continuing to deepen branding, marketing and after-sales systems, increasing the functionality of regional headquarters and further developing the British Curie created by the Nobel Prize laureate Mrs. Curie.
Nationalresearchinstituteofoncology, smartct, entered the effidea, one of Spain's most important medical groups.
lorcahospitalcentre. The company further refined its marketing and service systems by establishing a new subsidiary in Jakarta, Indonesia, and Singapore.
The Indian market continues to be one of the important components of companies in the Asia-Pacific region, with companies covering video products from super-high, medium-high to economic, with a cumulative load of more than 100 stations.
During the period when the population base was large, the expected economic growth was high, and the medical infrastructure was set up, the top oncology hospital in India introduced the company 's super-clear tof number Pete/mr.
In the Australasia region, the company achieved digital pet/ct and the first installation of a new generation of 1.5t magnetic resonance in the uiifitechnology technology platform and the first one from the Chinese brand.
The company responded positively to the call for a "one-way" and the "go-out" strategy.
Localization of markets and information building to further empower regional markets in the Middle East, emerging countries North Africa Regional Centre, and implementation of level I/II in other regions such as Latin America
The platform was built and strengthened and, during the reporting period, the company successfully established a regional subsidiary for South America in Bogotá, Colombia, and a science and technology office in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
In the international market, companies will further respond to the “one-way” policy and the call for “go-out” by following a market strategy of “one-way-by-the-top, one-line breakthrough” and adhering to the “one-kernel” globalized market strategy to further build deep offshore marketing systems and deep breakthroughs in global markets.
In the short term, the company will continue to actively pursue resource integration and capacity deployment from a global perspective, to accelerate the development of localized teams in key markets with high-end equipment, to strengthen pre-sale and post-sale service response capabilities, and to enhance the quality of service and the visibility and impact of corporate brands in the market in key countries in the region.
In the medium term, the company has developed intensive farming in key countries in the focus region, building on the existing regional centres and working with local doctors and hospital “procedural researchers” to build a global system for the integration of innovation in the production sciences: at the same time, capacity-building and market outreach in the regional centres are constantly accelerating, leading to a full-line approach to key markets in the region
Over the long term. Ensure that affiliates and affiliates of regional centres operate independently within regional markets. That is, local marketing networks and mature deployment of after-sale teams. At the same time, broad-based global excellence, enhanced awareness of and trust in corporate brands in international markets, increased user consistency, changed the world’s perception of national brands, and achieved large-scale medical care.
Reverse exports of equipment to higher-end markets in the United States and Europe and continuous input from emerging market countries.5 Corporate profitability projections versus valuation 5.1 corporate performance split against valuation
(1) High-end medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment: Platoon) and Ultra-High-end (~256 rows) ct continue to be released, with a steady increase in unit prices. It is expected that continued enhancements abroad will be expected to be mr: grass-roots mr configuration is relatively low, 5.0t mr roll-out-led product release is expected to take place mr
xr: Import brands continue to dominate and national production alternatives are large, with high- and medium-end product volumes leading to a gradual increase in the Māori rate. By 2024-2026, xr income is expected to grow at the same rate as mi: corporate-mi product performance leads, and domestic allocation policy is relaxed (get pet/mr from category A).
Reconfigured equipment to type B equipment) or significantly boost high-end Mi demand release, Māori ratio by reference rt: company rt products are in the market expansion phase, market competitiveness is steadily increasing, Māori ratio by history (2) maintenance and technical services, services: company global business layout continues to advance and equipment loads continue to rise
Upgrade, after-sales service teams are gradually improving and based on historical data, maintenance and technical services are projected for 2024-2026, and (3) software sales: the demand for customized software has increased as company equipment has been continuously installed, and revenue from software operations has increased steadily as part of the package. The revenue increase is based on the 2019-2023 compound growth rate, gross
For example, the company ' s main product type in the medical bio-systems industry, including medical imaging equipment or ultrasound diagnostic equipment, is selected as a comparable company with a market value of more than $8 billion for M.M.M., M.H.H., M.I.M. The M.M.I. products are mainly ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems, etc.
U.S. Pacs: Medical imaging products in Vandong medicine are mainly Dr products, mr products, dsa products, digital gastrointestinal products and ct products; medical imaging products in open medicine are mainly ultrasound video products.
5.2 Investment proposals: Nationally produced medical video equipment leading enterprises, high product competitiveness, high research and development barriers, first coverage, “buy-in” rating, centralizing procurement policy risks.
The centralised system for the purchase of valuable medical inputs is a priority and requires the central procurement of high-value medical consumables, testing, reagents, large-scale medical equipment. If more provinces and cities and even at the national level are introduced and implemented in the future, companies may face greater pressure to lower prices if they fail to do so.
Business cooperation risks under the distribution model. Companies use a combination of distribution and direct sales.
There is a higher demand. The company needs to be equipped with more sales managers, increasing the costs of managing sales contracts for performance, repayments, and, at the same time, if the company is not able to simultaneously upgrade its managerial capacity to distributors, if the distributors have their own mismanagement, irregularities, etc., or if the company has an interest dispute with the distributor.
There are also differences in the level of regulation in competition, consumer protection, and so on. As the scale of overseas operations expands, the corporate-related legal environment abroad will become more complex and varied if companies fail to respond to the sea in a timely manner.
Changes in the external market environment and the policy environment can have a negative impact on the expansion and operation of the company's operations abroad. Field investment and secondary market research experience.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.