Increased prices, spreads, continued performance at a high rate of 2017 Jodhjir, an increase of 36.49 per cent in the same year; performance was in line with expectations.
Figure 1: Changes in net profits from corporate collections and returns (millions of yuan) 1 and 2 season sales continued to increase at a high rate, driving performance growth in the first half of the year
Second, our point is that sales are growing at a steady pace, and company performance continues to erupt.
1. The sales volume of the past three quarters of the year continues to gain momentum, and we expect the sales of the first three quarters of the season to grow at a high rate of about 26 per cent.
In the company statements, the income from the parent company ' s statement is mainly a series of products. 1-Advanced medicine in 2017, followed by an increase in the "quantity" in yellow. In September, the parent company recorded sales revenue of 1,147 million yuan, an increase of 32.41 per cent over the same period; net gains were realized.
688 million yuan, an increase of 41.32 per cent over the same period, has had a significant double effect, with the introduction of proactive marketing reforms: success in strengthening channels, creating a pavilion of experience, and developing vip clients. Therefore, we expect the company ' s performance to remain high in 2017.
In the first year, there is much scope for raising prices and increasing the number of clients in the future. We believe that the company’s growth model is expected to replicate the successful path of the pottery and become one of the banners of China’s Chinese medicine and health-care domain.
2. The main reason for the decline in the Māori rate due to changes in the structure of the business, but effective control of the cost rate, is: 1) the company ' s subsidiary, Xiamen Xiao Xiao Xiao Yin, has taken over from 23 August 2016 the limited amount of Xiaomen ' s medicine.
The Department’s operations have resulted in an increase of $861 million in income from the pharmaceutical business. The gross interest rate of the pharmaceutical business is significantly lower than the gross rate of Maori production and is also larger, resulting in a decline in the Māori ratio.) As the volume of dailyized products increases, it also reduces the company’s Māori rate.
Figure 2: Māori, net interest rates and cost rates of companies
The increase in costs is mainly due to further product promotion and the increased visibility of the brand "Photo" and the increase in management costs due to the increase in the salaries of the employees of the parent company, which is clearly favourable to the expansion of long-term sales and company development.
The company will increase the net interest rate at the same time as the Māori rate drops.
The “volume price” trend has been established, and the scope for raising future prices and increasing the number of clients is vast. We believe that the company’s growth model is likely to replicate the successful path of the pottery, becoming one of China’s banners in Chinese medicine and health care, and therefore maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The price increase was lower than expected; market promotion was lower than expected; the supply of medicinal materials in raw materials and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, had a portfolio investment advisory.