The net profit increase is a little higher than expected.
1. The net profit increase is slightly higher than expected, with a total increase of 861 million in business income from the pharmaceutical industry in the first three quarters of 2017, and an increase of over 30 per cent in sales from the January-September increase in sales of the product series dominated by the pharmaceutical industry ' s parent companies, which is estimated to be in excess of 30 per cent in January-September.
2) Prices have risen, leading to higher net interest rates for the products. According to the parent company’s statement, the net interest rate for the dominant product, January-September 2017, was a domestic retail price adjustment (the single-particle retail price is 530 from 500, and it is expected that the price of a single-particle plant will rise to about 5%, taking into account the point of the price increase) and the overall cost rate is stable, operating cash flows are good and collection is high. The overall cost rate of the company is 15.53%, which is almost the same as reported in the Central Report.
Of this, the sales cost rate was further lower than reported in the medium term, by 2.52 percentage points compared to the entire year 2016, with the parent company increasing brand visibility and promoting it, with additional advertising and business promotion fees of $14.75 million over the same period last year, indicating that the company is gradually beginning to focus on brand promotion and promotion; management cost rates were reduced by 3.14 percentage points. The accounts receivable/business income ratio was 15.67 per cent in January-September 2017, falling quarterly with the increase in revenue (the ratio being the ratio).
q1 and h1, respectively, show good repayments of prior-period accounts. The net operating cash flow of $700 million, year-on-year +129.24 per cent, was mainly due to the increase in cash received during the period and the permanent replenishment of the term deposits due to the collection of funds, resulting in a high level of income.2 Price increases are expected to continue, brand sales and promotion are expected to deepen, and volume increases are expected to contribute to high performance growth
1) The rise in consumption is a major trend, leading to the expected rise in prices while driving demand growth. Currently, the rise in consumption has brought about new changes in supply and demand: the country has moved into an ageing society, accompanied by an increase in disposable income and an increase in demand for high-health-related products and services.
Non-therapeutic effects, such as beauty and beauty, have been described as "national treasure medicine" and "medicated antibiotics"; while about one third of the country's films are used to treat the disease, the source of financial growth in the East (600436).
One-third is spent on reproductive health care and one-third on private gifts. In this broader context of rising consumption, it is clear that the dependence on its own brand visibility and consumer attributes will benefit, hopefully leading to higher-middle-end consumption of high-health products. 2) The scarcity of raw materials + brand advantage, the cost of pushing up prices, and the scarcity of products keep demand rigid. Most of these are already using artificial musk.
After replacing the natural musk, the country has allowed the continued use of natural musk, and the prices of raw materials, both yellow and yellow, have continued to rise, and the company is expected to have the incentive to continue to increase prices in the future; on the other hand, Tianzhou is the only supplier of narco-based drugs, with a leading and branding advantage that gives firms a stronger bargaining power. And while the prices of corporate products are about to rise, the demand for corporate products is expected to remain rigid: company prescriptions and branding.
Crafts are still a top-secret protected species of the country, traditional production techniques are listed in the national list of intangible cultural heritage and are included in the national list of medicaments and drug protection varieties. These characteristics determine the unique position of companies in the market, the high barriers to products, and the stable market position and share, and demand will remain stable to the extent expected, even as prices rise.
3) The regional distribution +vip marketing model + the marketing of the Xiahua Pavilion, where brands are being promoted and channels are being expanded. Intra-market sales are mainly carried out through local distributors and retail outlets of medicines; for sales, the company has established a vip department at the Xiaohua National Pharmacy, a subsidiary of which serves high-end clients; and the company has set up a Xia Chai Experiment House, which, in cooperation with the pharmaceutical industry, has created a “cultural diffusion +”
Branding + product promotion + field experience (non-pharmaceutical) is an organic combination that is used mainly to market companies’ series of products and to raise the awareness and loyalty of social consumer groups to the brand. As companies experience the rapid expansion of the light asset sales model (which is expected to expand to 100 in 2017 and target 200 in the next 2-3 years), brand promotion and access are expanding.
In the context of rising consumption, the company’s raw materials, natural musk, natural yellow and yellow resources are scarce, together with brand advantages, it is clear that secondary development is likely to be effective, that price increases are expected to continue, that demand is expected to grow steadily, and that prices are likely to rise at a higher rate.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
A Bachelor of Pharmacy at the University of Kyoto, a Bachelor of Economics at the University of Beijing, and three students at the School of Jurisprudence.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.