In the first half of the year, Hainan was under tax exemption and expected to perform in future duty-free shops in the city, social services, tourism and viewing areas, and corporate income and homecoming performance were under pressure in the first half of the year, consistent with the performance report.
In the first half of the year, Hainan's tax exemption was still under pressure, and duty-free profits at the airport of entry and exit were improved.
In the first half of the year, China’s income fell by 26-30%. Specifically, Sanya stores earned 11.99 billion yuan/–29.0%; rental income was calculated on the basis of investment waivers of 250 million yuan.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price is a significant improvement over the $8.39 million profit earned during the same period last year (Shanghai airport tax exemption is expected to be lost).
In the first half of the year, Māori rates increased, sales rates increased, and financial rates decreased. In the first half of the year, both Māori rates and sales rates increased by 2.9 pct, mainly due to the impact of the airport tax-exempt revenue as a percentage of the increase and the increase in new projects;
The management rate +0.2 pct, which is leveraged by income under pressure; the large increase in interest income and the loss and loss on exchange combined result in a 0.5 pcc decrease in financial costs. Overall, the first half of the year saw a change in the net interest rate on corporate homecoming, which tracks consumption trends and looks forward to a new market-free market in the future.
In July, Hainan Island, the China Central Free (60188.sh) – a quarterly high-base net return profit equals the same, rich tax-free sku supply and boosted shopping environments, and systematic upgrading of its own operations.
In addition, at the end of August, the New Deal, a tax-free shop in the city of China (60188.sh) and its fast-tracking performance for 2023, with a significant red rate, will be launched on 1 October of this year. The six duty-free stores and their proposed shareholdings will be 49%.
China Free China (60188.sh) - China Free China (60188.sh) - China Free China (60188.sh)
Intra-city duty-free shops covering 15 central cities, including Beijing, Shanghai; and in the future Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shenzhen, performance growth, tracking consumption recovery and policy tempo.
Eight cities, Chengdu and others, are expected to open new duty-free shops in the city, depending also on the advantages of their national tax-free licence plates and tourism retailing the entire industry chain, in order to maximize the share of the dividends of the tax-free New Deal within the city. Investment proposals: maintain a rating of “better than the big city.” Consider overall consumption trends and the continuation of the tax-free regime in Hainan.
Under pressure, and in the current environment, projects such as the new seaport may be prolonged, we lower our income assumption, but the market is also expected to be low, and companies are constantly adjusting and optimizing their ability to retail the entire industry chain. With the new market for duty-free stores in the city of departure, the company is pre-empting the current offer of duty-free shops in the city.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved tax exemption in Hainan during the first half of 2024 and improved tax-free earnings at airports. In the first half of the year, the offshore passenger flow was 336.1
Ten thousand/-10%; 18.460 billion yuan/-29.9% tax-free sales off the island; estimated revenues for the first half of the year from Hainan fell by the same amount, at a loss of $430 million (part of the internal settlement rent proceeds are reflected in investment-free gains of $250 million).
Half-yearly revenue from the sea (8.50 billion yuan/+3.7 per cent) (airfield revenue recovery, direct daily mail pressure); net profit return of $310 million, a significant improvement over the previous year ' s revenue of $8.39 million (Shanghai airport tax exemption forecast). Overall, while duty-free profits at airports have begun to improve, they are still due to the dominant profit composition of the South China Company (a contribution of 2024h1).
In the first half of the year, Māori rates increased, sales rates increased, and financial rates decreased. In the first half of the year, both Māori rates and sales rates increased by 2.9 pct, mainly as a result of increases in airport tax-free revenue and new projects; and management rates increased by 0.2 pct.
The financial cost rate has fallen by 0.5 pct, owing to the combined effect of a significant increase in interest income and a reduction in exchange gains and losses under revenue. Taken together, the first half of the year was a parent net interest rate of 0.28 pc, q2 of which was further delayed by Hainan to track changes in consumption trends and expected to be added to the new deal for tax-free shops in the city in the future.
In July, duty-free sales in Hainan were 1.68 billion yuan/-35.9%, followed by demand trends that still need to be tracked. However, for almost two years, the tax-free sku supply and assistive shopping environment has continued to be enriched, and systematic upgrading of its operating efficiency and financial capacity has contributed to its growth.
Moreover, at the end of August, a new deal for duty-free shops in the city of departure will be launched on 1 October this year.
Eight cities such as Shenzhen and Chengdu are expected to open new duty-free shops in the city, depending also on their national tax-free licensing advantages and tourism advantages, retailing the entire industry chain and thus maximizing the share of the dividends of the city’s tax-free New Deal. Investment proposals: maintain a rating of “better than the big city.” Consider overall consumption trends and the continued pressure of Hainan’s tax-free approach, and see
In the former environment, projects such as the new seaport may be prolonged, and our income assumption for China is low (2024-2026), and companies constantly adjust and optimize their ability to operate the entire chain of retail tourism. With tax-exempt stores in the cities of departure, companies may have pre-empted and card-based advantages in the layout of their current duty-free stores in the cities, as in the future, as in the case of consumers.
With a steady recovery, the company is well elastic and maintains a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.