In the process of restoring the port duty-free, it is hoped that the city’s tax-exempt policy will benefit from the mid-2024 report of China’s Central China Free (601888).
According to customs statistics on the sea port, tax-free purchases from the island fell by 29.9 per cent from January to June 2024, and 3,361,000 free purchases fell by 10 per cent from the same year.
The market on the island has been uneven and the port operation has been repaired relatively quickly. Sub-operational composition shows that tax-free shops in Sanya have achieved operating income of 11,986 million yuan, a decrease of 28.97 per cent in the same year; the tax-free city of Haiguchi has achieved operating income of 8.5 billion yuan in Shanghai; and there has been an increase of 3.70 per cent in the same year, resulting in net profit for mothers of 310 million yuan.
Roe (ttm) 10,889,000 times, a decrease of 3.2 per cent over the same period; passenger throughput at Seaport Melan International Airport was the December maximum price ($)
Fourteen,494,000 times, an increase of 20.3 per cent over the same year, duty-free sales from the island fell, but the internal share was reduced by the lowest price (in dollars) in December. The net return profit in Shanghai rose significantly, mainly in the form of the resumption of port operations.
Five departments, including the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, and the General Customs Administration, have completed the temporary measures for the management of municipal duty-free shops, which have been in effect since 1 October 2024.
In accordance with the Temporary Scheme, the first 19 duty-free stores in the city were either managed or owned by middle- and middle-level companies, which were expected to benefit from the implementation of the tax-free policy, were given an “enhanced” rating of their investments.
Weaknesses lead to pressure on performance, but waivers of friends’ circle and 144 hours of border-crossing policy drive entry and exits hot, port operations resume faster, and tax-exempt policies within the city are most directly beneficial to companies. “positive” investors are only suited to use research at risk levels not higher than “medium-high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are fit to use our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.