In the first half of the year, international flights benefiting from international flights and incoming and outgoing arrivals resumed, and the company was exempt from entry and exit.
Tax stores grew by more than 100% in the same year, including 200% in the same year in the Beijing airport tax-free shop, nearly one-fold in the Shanghai airport tax-free shop, and a significant increase in the net profits of the airport. The tax-exempt pressure on Hainan Island was the main cause of the decline in income in the first half of the year, with H1 being tax-free from the island being divided across the country and electricity.
According to customs data on China Sea, the cumulative value of duty-free purchases for January-May was 16.91 billion, a decrease of 29.6 per cent over the same period, while the number of buyers fell by 9.7 per cent to 3.04 million over the same period; and in the second quarter, 45 per cent and 38 per cent respectively, respectively, of duty-free sales off the island in April and May.
At the profit end, the discount rate was narrow, the Māori rate continued to improve and the Māori rate for the H1 main business increased by 2.62 pcts to 32.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the Māori rate for the q2 main business increased by 0.82 pcts on a year-on-year basis at a low income tax rate of 23q2 (9.4 per cent), and the return of the 24q2 tax rate to the normal level led to the base.
The H1 cruise ship duty-free store Eida Mordu, the ricin shop at the Kani airport, etc., has been opened, and the winning mamcm and fine shop at the Hong Kong airport, the nectar fine shop at the White Cloud airport, t1 exit duty-free shop and the exit duty-free shop at the Longwater airport are expected to remain in place during the summer season.
With rapid growth and a recovery in the operation of good port duty-free shops, Hainan will gradually enter the season in the second half of the year, and tax-free sales are expected to warm up. By optimizing the shopping experience and improving the layout of the business, companies are expected to respond 22 times, 19 times and 16 times, respectively, and we believe that the current stock prices are more responsive.
q2 operating pressure, the current valuation has a security margin and offers an investment proposal for “inter-zone operations.” The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.