China Central Free (60188.sh): Exempted off the island for a short period of time and focused on the revival of port channels and the expansion of intra-city shops.
March 28, 2008. After nearly 40 years of development, the Department has grown into the largest retail tourism operation in the world: billion yuan, a 37.6 per cent decline in the same year.
Business, dedicated to providing high-quality duty-free and tax-paying goods marketing services to domestic and foreign travellers, mid-to-high-end consumers, as well as a robust domestic recovery but reduced tax-exempt appeal from the island and weak growth in companies' duty-free operations from the island for 24 years.
During the first half of the year, the number of domestic visitors was +14.3%, the cost of the trip was +19%, the amount of passengers in Hainan Province was + 9.1%, and the tourism market as a whole showed a steady recovery. But consumers were willing to buy off the island duty-free.
Weakly, customs monitored tax-free purchases off the island in the first half of the year, amounting to $18.460 billion, or 29.9 per cent, and calculated that the unit price was approximately $5492, or 22.11 per cent. In this context, companies sold duty-free off the island, and tax-free stores and sea-exempt companies in Sanya collected $11.987 billion, or 28.97 per cent, respectively.
52 weeks of price-free access to the border points has grown rapidly, but it has not yet returned to pre-epidemiological levels. 206,886/195,248 national immigration services were established in the first half of the year.
Tax-exempt operations at the company port have also recovered rapidly, with revenues from the company's duty-free exit and exit stores exceeding 100 per cent in the same year, the subsidiary's revenues in Shanghai, Japan, having increased by +3.7 per cent in the same year, and given the weak rate of tax-exempt growth from the island and the space for port-access recovery, the recovery of short-term access to duty-free channels is expected to continue to be a major contributor to the growth in revenue collection.
The product structure optimization and discount control have resulted in a sustained improvement in the Māori rate and a slight increase in the cost of the various items. Companies have improved their commodity marketing structure to raise the ratio of high Māori products, while improving marketing management mechanisms to optimize the continued increase in the cost of sales through commodity-fixing agreements, with an increase of 2.91 pt. to 14.83 per cent, and administrative costs.
The company is expected to take the lead when the city’s tax-exempt policy is in place. In August 24, the city’s tax-exempt policy came into operation, starting from 10.
From 1st day onwards, duty-free shops in the city are sold to travellers who are about to leave the country on the 60th day of the entry/exit day, and after shopping in the city's duty-free shops, the goods purchased are taken from the duty-free commodity collection points located in the area of separation at the port of entry and exit, and taken out of the country on a one-time basis.
s1480510001 stores are closed, and since the company's March 23 contribution and 49% shareholding, the company's leadership in the municipal tax-exempt channel has been further consolidated, and the company is expected to take the lead in the consumption brought about by the policy landings.
In the first half of the year, the company's Hainan region introduced about 50 brands, including Prada, Gucci, etc.
In connection with the construction of channels, the successful airport exit duty-free shops are continuously being developed, while overseas channels are being expanded to implement the “one-way” national strategy, which targets the Singapore Macaw Airport and the Hong Kong International Airport Precision Shop. The company has introduced and channeled high-end brands.
But, in the short run, weak consumer market demand has somewhat depressed the company’s performance. If the consumer market warms, it is expected to provide the company with greater elasticity in its performance.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the short-term impact on corporate performance, taking into account weak consumer market demand.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 60188.sh: tax-free short-term pressure from the island, attention to the revival of the port channels and the expansion of the city's stores, the source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Liu Tanda Wei Wooming Assistant, who is mainly responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity, traditional retailing, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China is exempt (60188.sh): duty-free off the island for a short period of time, paying attention to the revival of the port channels and the expansion of the city’s stores, does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report on the content of the report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.