Port duty-free recovery is continuing, and attention is being paid to the effects of the city's internal shop policy.
The country’s consumption recovery is weak + high-end passenger sources are being diverted from overseas markets.
The store achieved 12 billion yuan per year - 29% less than the Hainan tax-exempt market as a whole disclosed by the Customs of Haiguchi (the same figure - 30%), reflecting that the company’s competitive advantage in the Hainan tax-exempt market was not weakened by insufficient demand. This was partly offset by the fact that the airport tax-exempt rent-benefit agreement was optimized + the recovery of international passenger flows.
The effect of the weakness of the south Hainan channel is that Shanghai's 1h24 harvest was 8.5 billion/year-on-year + 3.8 per cent. The Māori rate of q2 continued to improve, with net interest rates influenced by a few equity gains and gains and income tax rates. q2 company gross airport channel revenues increased, and refined product sales increased. q2 sales in terms of cost rates for the period, q2 sales
The cost rate of 17.8%/year-on-year +3.1pc is expected to be influenced mainly by the increase in the share of airport sales; the management cost rate; attention to the incremental opportunities offered by the location of the city's stores policy. On 28 August, the Ministry of Finance and five other departments issued a circular on improving the city's duty-free shop policy, allowing companies and companies to hold shares and participate in the stock market.
China’s 18 duty-free stores run by foreigners before they leave the country. We have previously measured that tax-free shops in Kyoto are expected to generate a market increase of 10 to 30 billion during the maturity phase, and that the policy is expected to provide new growth space for the public administration.
Investment proposals: Considering that tax-free sales in Hainan Island in July have still not improved, and that the middle and high-level of the country has committed themselves to producing the present report independently and objectively and with diligence and professionalism, this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.