The business resilience of the company has been highlighted, waiting for the automation cycle to go up.
The company is the leading industrial-controlled automated enterprise in the country, equipped in areas such as general automation, new energy vehicles, robots, and expanding industrial solutions, and the market share is expected to rise further. We believe that our industry is expected to warm back in 2024, and that downstream demand is expected to grow and give.
1q-3q Automated Businesses (ACS) have been growing in a downward trend, and new energy operations have been rapidly released: in 2023, the manufacturing industry as a whole was below the boom line, the manufacturing industry was still at the bottom of the cycle, and the automated market needed to grow. And companies have actively expanded their overseas markets by permeating discrete and project-oriented markets.
For example, one q-3q has achieved a negative growth in general automation operations, with sales revenue of $10.524 billion and yoy+20.42%. Manufacturing investment is now warming, with the manufacturing sector stabilized in December and the automated market recovering in 2024, and companies are expected to benefit as industrial champions.
In addition, the company's new energy automobiles are being phased out, power-driven systems, power supply systems, sales orders are growing rapidly, 1 q-3q is achieving sales revenue of $5.268 billion, y0y+61.33 per cent, taking into account the company's ability in technology, services, etc.
Corporate robotics are becoming more competitive and more competitive: the industrial robots of companies, which focus mainly on industrial automation, such as 3c, new energy sources, have been growing faster in recent years. In 2023, 1q-3q achieved a sales rate of 7% for the domestic robotics, up by 1.3 pcts; of which the robotics of scara took over.
It's 22%, with 4.5 pcts higher than the previous year, still ranked second in the industry and first in the capital. The company has not been able to continue building robotic synergies with industrial and regulatory products such as plc, and to expand the market share of robots by relying on the client base and brand advantage of automated products.
Institutional investors account for a share of the flowa, and core technologies such as straight-line guidance tracks and threads, and all core components except for the decelerators are home-made, and we think that corporate robots have a multi-product synergy and cost advantage, and that growth is significant in the future.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: in the short term, the company ' s new energy vehicles and robotics are expected to continue to grow faster; in the long run, the industrial automation industry is expected to warm back, companies accelerate the deployment of overseas markets, goods stress, robotics are not growing as fast as expected
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
. This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.