Quality return double-up program, control tap through week, research assistant Xu Yong-hyuk, 2024.
• Events: On 7 February, the company issued a programme of action entitled “Step-up” to promote the concept of “investment-based” listed companies and safeguard the interests of all shareholders in the company. In the course of the programme, the company developed a focus on “industrial intelligence + new energy vehicles” with a high percentage.
Action initiatives in five areas, namely, red, technological innovation, enhanced digital governance systems, and improved envelopes, are expected to effectively enhance the company’s intrinsic value, sustain high-quality development, and positively reward investors. The industry’s leadership focuses on dual kings, and the strategic layout of its operations fosters medium- and long-term growth points.
The oem industry sold between the same and 7%, while the company ' s industrial and regulatory revenues (including robotics, storage energy and new products) increased by 20-25% over the same period, with 23h1 servers/low-pressure transformers/small plcs ranking 1st/no. 2nd in the domestic share, operating alpha significantly, while the new energy vehicle power-driven business continued to grow significantly.
The company insists on repurchases & cash dividends, etc., in return for investors, product innovation through high R & D, and giving back to customers. Since being listed in 2010, the company has accumulated $5.636 billion in gold dividends, roughly.
In addition, the company will collect 8-10% of its annual revenues for R & D, and will accumulate 3,000+ patents and software copyrights as of 23h1. Companies will continue to integrate the dynamics of corporate development, performance growth and shareholder returns and enhance the sense of access to investors.
"Segawa Technologies " (300124): 2023 performance forecast: Control taps through cycle, power-drivers, 24 times, 20 times. Considering the firm ' s strong presence in the industry, alpha and electrical power control,
Segawa Technologies (300124): 3-quarter report 2023
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.