Performance forecast 2023: the industrial locomotive passed through the cycle on 31st of 2024.
Research assistant Xu Xu + 47 per cent; mother ' s net profit, 1.45 billion yuan, + 18 per cent, non-mother ' s net profit, +1.40 billion yuan, +57 per cent, income + net profit, not slightly over-market expectations, is in line with market expectations.
Among these are: 1) maintenance of faster growth in general-purpose automation, with a sustained increase in revenue driven by the targeted release of new energy vehicle operations; 2) increase in exchange rate returns on a year-on-year basis, lower financial costs on a year-on-year basis, and stable R & D, sales, and administration rates; and 3) decrease in earnings from fair value changes in overseas investment funds on a year-on-year basis.
▪ General automation: A weak recovery in the industry has maintained faster growth and a strong business in alpha. 23q4oem has a similar ratio of -2.7 per cent (23q3 years to -9.3 per cent), with a narrow decline and a weak recovery in some traditional industries.
A 25% increase, with photovoltaics relying on the import of new products like plc, robotics, etc., leading the other two major business starters. New energy cars: three major customers continue to increase their sales, and other spot projects, "Gross Up."
The same sales increase of 45 per cent/171/185 per cent for the second half of the year, the gradual release of hybrid models, the opening of overseas customers, the growth of major models is expected to continue to be bright, and the start-up of targeted models in the 22nd year is expected to lead to elevators: the industry continues to hold pressure, with a slight increase in projected flat revenues.
Quarterly review: Performance meets expectations, is resistant to weeks of high-end operations, and has achieved structural growth in the sea.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return its net profits in 23-25 years, respectively
Quarterly advance reviews: twice as resilient and 20 times more so. Given the company’s strong handling of alpha in the industrial-controlled industry, and its leading power and electrical-controlled capital, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.