The multi-dimensional conditions of equity incentives highlight the firm's confidence in development, waiting for the value of the “3-9” brand to be revalued Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
The Chinese company has 21 varieties with annual sales of more than $1 billion, and the brand “999” can be described as well.
• Incentives set up a multi-dimensional test to highlight corporate development confidence.
The program, on the other hand, has a multi-dimensional goal that excludes the goal of a net profit growth rate that does not belong to the mother, which is not so simple as a 10% increase. So there is reason to judge that this multi-dimensional program will be more powerful for the company.
• Continuing to tap the value of the “39” brand, with new changes leading to new developments
Market boundaries, looking at the expansion of new areas under the future corporate brand. • Investment proposal: first coverage, rating of “buy-in” investment 2. Industry Weekly: recommending continued attention to the Chinese pharmaceutical industry
1. The China-Lun Group is an important part of its health, and its performance is stable and covered by the products of the North-to-South companies, which are rich in product lines. The core business of Camp 39 is located in the areas of chc health-discharges and rx prescriptions.
The core product of the product, which has a high market share in flu, gastrointestinal, skin, pediatrics, vitamins, cough control and osteoporosis, is concentrated in the core areas of digestion, osteoporosis, cerebral stress, tumours, and is located in the interior of the country.
In 2020, the company had 21 species with annual sales of over 100 million yuan, with “999 flus”, “999 pyres”, “39 pyres”, “999 baby colds”, “999 antiviral oral fluids”, “Aerosal pain particles”, “Tian and osteoporosis” taking a leading position in the relevant groups.
Chart 1 has a brand name, formerly a South Shenzhen pharmaceutical factory, which was founded in 1985. In 1999, five companies, such as the 39 Enterprises Group, Shenzhen Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., launched a stock company: 9 March 2000, in Shenzhen.
Stock Exchange Listed (stock code 000999); formally entered China Yun Group in 2008; and in 2010, the name of the company was changed from “39 Medical Inc.” to “39 Medical Co. Ltd.”.
Reorganization: 21 April 1999 Launched by 5 companies, such as the 39 Enterprises Group, Shenzhen Pharmacy Company Ltd. Listed on 9 March 2000
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange is listed and officially entered the China-Lion Group. Change of name: February 2010
The name of the company was changed from “3900 Medical Co. Ltd.” to “3900 Medical Co. Ltd.” and has been changed from “3900 Medical Co. Ltd.”
Hua Yun is a diversified group of companies registered and operating in Hong Kong, which became part of the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council in 2003.
It is managed directly. China is engaged in a wide range of areas, of which the big health plates are almost fully covered, with companies focusing on different health areas: Hua Yuu San: self-diagnosis + pharmaceutical platforms characterized by prescription drugs;
East Aqué: A health-care platform featuring Aqué: Xiaoyuan Medicines: The country's leading medical distributors: Xiaoyun cranes: active layout generics, fluids, differentiated medicines and innovative medicines
Four main operational platforms: Engino Pharmacy: Leadr of Chinese Medicines Transfers and Innovations, Large Pharmaceutical Enterprises Centralized in Medicines, Health Foods, Functional Foods Development, Production and Marketing:
China Yun Health: Integrated hospital management platform with 179 medical institutions and 14 level III hospitals with over 25,000 beds. Performance grew steadily. Corporate performance increased steadily in 2015-2019, with a four-year compound increase in operating income
The rate was 17 per cent. In 2020, the impact of the epidemic on companies fell to 13,637 million yuan in operating income and a net profit of 1,597 million yuan. In 2021, normality was achieved, with an operating income of 11,099 million yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 19.17 per cent, and a return to the mother ' s net profit of 1,741 million yuan, an increase of 10.13 per cent.
The Māori rate has declined in recent years as a result of the restructuring of the product structure. Self-diagnosis has grown rapidly.
Its Māori ratio is relatively low relative to prescriptions, but its corresponding cost of marketing is lower, so it is also at about 12%. The company’s cash flow was excellent, with a net operating cash flow of $2,224 million in 2020, with the Chinese stock structure of the 39th largest shareholder being China Yu, which held 63.6% of the shares in 2020.
The second largest shareholder has been the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company (Northwards, 2021q3 holding 9.16 per cent), which has changed slightly every quarter but has remained at more than 5 per cent.
On 2 December 2021, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme (draft) for 2021, which is intended to award a limited stock of 9.789 million shares, or 1.0% of the total stock at the time of the announcement.
Incentives for 284 persons, including directors, senior managers, middle-level managers, core technicians and the board of directors who identified the need for incentives for corporate equity, in the company's draft incentive plan, demonstrated the capacity of the company.
On 30 May 2020, the State Finance Committee of the State Council issued the " Guidelines for the Implementation of Equity Incentives in Central Corporate Holdings " , which systematically integrates past policies, compiles practical lessons and refines guidance at the microlevel, providing precise and clear references to the implementation of equity incentives in listed companies.
Equity incentives are receiving increasing attention in the process of reform of state enterprises, with a significant increase in the number of equity incentives implemented by publicly held companies. According to data published by the National Council of Investment, 22 new centrally held companies were added to the list in 2020 to implement equity incentives, covering nearly 18,000 key core talent.
In May 2021, Ernst and Young published a study on the policy, theory, and market practice of equity incentives for companies listed in the Central Enterprise Holdings, which examined 22 companies listed in the publicly announced equity incentives program. It is clear that equity incentives are considered very comprehensive, and that the implementation of equity incentives needs to satisfy governance outcomes.
So, China’s 39-year-old equity incentive program is already showing that the company’s basics are healthy. Multi-dimensional setting of tests is challenging in terms of unlocking conditions.
The unlocking conditions of the equity incentive in Hua Yuu is a matter of great concern. The corresponding conditions have been set for the rate of return on non-netting assets, the annual compound rate of growth of non-netting profits on reduction and the total asset turnover, with the exception of the combined annual rate of return on non-netting assets on reduction and the annual rate of growth of non-netting profits on reduction on reduction.
An absolute goal, compared to the same industry or to the target company, is to say that one of the large, high-performing listed companies, Shanghai Medicine, has basic requirements and well-being providers and services. In addition to traditional Chinese pharmaceutical companies, such as Yunnan White Pharmacy, Co-Million, and Baek Yunshan, it includes Chinese students.
Among the many indicators, we have selected the net profit growth indicators that investors are most interested in. The conditions are: at the same level as the industry or at the 75-segregate level of the target firm.
2) The same industry average: it was not difficult to achieve a 21 per cent growth rate in 2011, except for the 2010 benchmark for the elimination of the effects of the new crown epidemic.
3) The real complexity is the comparison of 15 competing companies. The 15 listed are listed as listed companies, so that they can be directly referenced in terms of performance, with the 2020 benchmark as a basis for going forward, and of these 15 companies, the net profit for the past two years and the future is based on the firm ' s consistent expected net return profit, which is a profit projection.
This multi-dimensional approach is likely to boost the company’s potential. 3. Continuing to tap the value of the “39” brand, with new changes leading to new developments, the corporate structure is clear, with a focus on the two main industries of chc and prescription drugs, and subsidiaries working together.
Camp, supported by R & D, production, functional platforms. Chc has dominated. Chc (i.e., non-prescription drug operations) has been dominant since 2018, while the policy impact on anti-infection operations in prescription drug operations has declined significantly, at a slower rate than in Chc.
Business growth, with 2021h1 per cent of the revenue, is only 29 per cent. Chart 20 WF39 income structure 3.1.chc healthy consumer goods business: highly marketed through 999 brands
Chc (consumerhealthcare) refers to self-diagnosing, which refers to healthy consumption choices that customers perceive to be healthy. Unlike traditional otc's limitations on medicines, chc covers a much broader range of issues and also creates a very strong market-wide capacity for companies.
Chc covers products such as cold, gastrointestinal, skin, liver gall, pediatrics, orthotics, gynaecology, etc., and actively extends to health management and rehabilitation slow-disease management products. The company relies on 999 and several professional brands, starting with the treatment of common diseases in the home and health management, and combines opportunities for industry development with experienced products and high-quality services.
To meet the health needs of Chinese families from prevention, health care, treatment, rehabilitation, and full-cycle and multi-level health needs. For many years, the company has been at the top of the list of non-prescription drug companies published by the China Association of Non-prescription Medicines, Piinping, 3000 stomachs of Thais, 999 baby flus, 999 antiviral oral fluids, good doll products, and gas.
Diagrams of bipolar pain particles, "Cyclonium glucose-acid zinc oral solution" in related categories, for example, chart 21 varnish triotc products, chart 22 extending from brand 999 to large health products.
Chc has been growing rapidly, with revenues growing from 3,177 million yuan in 2011 to 7,834 million in 2020: product structure optimization policy implications, specialist lines and formulation particles, prescription operations at the medical end, company products covering cardiovascular, neoplasm, digestive systems, osteoporosis, paediatrics.
And the company produces more than 600 single-favorite formulations for one of the companies that produces particles of Chinese medicine formulations. The prescription drug business, which developed at a high rate before 2017, began to show a downward trend after 2018, and the policy effects of limited resistance to anti-infection operations, clustering, etc., declined significantly, with a greater impact on the prescription drug business.
The company’s prescription drug business achieved operating income of 2,242 million yuan, an increase of 18.19 per cent over the same period. After several years of product optimization, the share of Chinese injections in operating income has gradually declined to about 3 per cent, while the specialist line and Chinese medicine formulations have become new engines of growth.
During the second half of 2021, the adjustment of the health-care catalogue, the moderate price reduction of the central integrated drug collection in the north of the lake, and the drop of the Chinese drug formulation policy showed that the Chinese drug policy was beginning to improve:
The health care catalogue was adjusted to make the payment end more friendly with Chinese medicine: during the 2021 negotiations on the health insurance catalogue, the use of some Chinese products was removed from the scope of use (the long-term drug, the Dan red injection fluid: the Jane Treasure Island blood-containing capsules, cotrimoxam, etc.) and the payment end was more mildly friendly with Chinese medicine.
On 24 December 2021, the 19 provinces led by Hubei Province, the Central Alliance for Medicines and Medicines, led by Hubei Province, produced the results of the centralized procurement, with 97 enterprises and 111 products selected, with a 62% success rate and an average 42.27% decline in the proposed prices.
The Chinese medicine formulations policy ended with the opening of a market for clinical use: on November 16, 2021, the National Health Board, together with the National Institute of Chinese Medicine, issued a circular on the regulation of clinical use of pharmaceutical formulations in medical institutions, which ended more than 20 years of piloting Chinese formulations.
This means that the distribution channel for Chinese prescription particles will be expanded from more than 2,000 homes during the pilot period to millions of medical institutions, and the market space will be opened further. The company’s strategic structure is clear, and three new actions will lead to new developments in the future.
First, the strategic framework is clear at the end of consumption and at the end of medical care. Three new actions: Figure 26, Strategic Framework 39, New product: a sustained focus on high-quality domestic and foreign resources, rich product lines.
1 August 2020: In the field of paediatrics, the company entered into a business partnership with Nord and Nord to promote the restructuring of the growth hormone product Noze on the mainland of China, based on product characteristics and excellent quality.
A new business model with double-diversion has grown faster. Five-generation drug registration applications for headscarf were completed in November 2020, while companies introduced a coceutics, inc. cerebral cerebral osmosis treatment drug “onc201” at the critical clinical trial stage.
On March 31, 2021, the exclusive right to develop, produce and commercialize in the Greater China District (including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) entered into a sales cooperation with the Dragon Corner Spreading Company of Japan to bring in the Japanese famous Dragon Corner Dry Throat Series, further enriching the company ' s product pipeline.
And companies are focusing on opportunities for integrating quality resources, focusing on corporate strategies, looking for quality targets, and strengthening core business and capacity through flexible and diverse resource access. • In January 2020, the business of 100% equity acquisition by Aono (China) Pharmaceuticals Limited was officially completed
In June 2020, the equity investment in the Yuzhmorgeology Company Ltd. was completed, and the reserves for the respiratory system were enriched. In December 2020, the purchase of 100% of the shares in Shenzhen Huayun Hall will lead to a positive transition to Shenzhen Huayun.
At the same time, it is gradually integrating with the company ' s national pharmaceutical business, building a national pharmaceutical business, and marketing new drugs. At the consumer end, the company creates consumer demand through an in-depth study of the consumer ' s self-diagnosing needs.
Health products are sought to communicate with the target consumers via the television, Internet, etc., and are sold through distributors, retail pharmacies’ networks, and pharmaceutical electric platforms all over the country. Xiao Yun is actively exploring the digital transformation, and preparations are under way to set up a digitized centre to build 999 brands.
In 2020, the company launched a joint product with a youth-friendly red brand, such as a 999 flu, a convection of hot chicken noodles, and a three-baby tweed tweezer tweezers, which expanded.
It's a branded fan circle that drives the rejuvenation of the brand.
The 999 flu has said that on-line business development, companies work in depth with platforms like Kyouta and Ali to build brand dominance in such products as colds, paediatrics, liver galls, vitamins, etc., and create digital business capabilities.
In addition, the company has created a new retailed environment with its traditional customers through new channels such as o2o, vertical power suppliers, etc. The company has joined forces to build a new retail eco-circle for medicine.
Slow medical consultations and public service broadcasts on the exhibition line have created a unique marketing model and professional branding. Market ownership of the main product, O2o channels, such as the flu, is well advanced, leading to a significant increase in the same sales of electric power platforms in 2020, and 618 and 11 electric power vendors are the first brand of the liver urchin class.
1) Chc End of Business: Benefiting from new outreach and 39 brand power upgrades, expected to increase over the next three years 2) Prescription drugs: as future collections progress, hospital end sales are affected, but Chinese prescription particles are an important link to the health of the Huo Yu Group
The core business of Camp 39 is located in the area of chc health consumer goods and rx prescription drugs, with companies owning 21 varieties with annual sales of over 100 million yuan in 2020, and the "999" brand is known. The company’s own performance is growing steadily.
Cash flows are excellent and highly favoured by North-North money. Incentives provide a multi-dimensional test to show corporate confidence in development, while corporate equity incentives take into account all aspects, and the programme itself demonstrates the excellence of the company.
On the one hand, given the multi-dimensional objectives set by the programme ' s unlocking conditions, which exclude the achievement of the goal of net profit growth rates other than those of the parent, and the fact that the 10% base increase is not so easy, there is reason to judge that this multi-dimensional approach will be more stimulating for public efforts to develop the value of the “39” brand on a continuous basis, with new changes leading to new developments.
While prescription drugs are highly influenced by the policy, in the company's two main lines of business, Chc's operations have evolved with the “39s” extremely strong, expanding market boundaries through new products, new marketing tools and new power lines, and looking at the expansion of new areas that will be extended by the company's brand.
Investment Recommendations: For the first time, “buy-in” investment ratings are given Industry policy risks are not as high as expected: there is a risk that fluctuations in pharmaceutical industry policy may impede the sale of corporate products and that corporate operations will be hit if future industrial policies are driven.
• The spread of new varieties is less than expected: companies introduce new varieties, markets are more uncertain, and corporate performance will be affected if the roll-out is not as fast as expected. Equity incentive programmes are less advanced than expected: equity incentive programmes are still in the pre-project phase, and future progress can be made
Contact person: Li Changxie, Research Assistant, mainly in charge of consumer medicine (Pharma+Charm +otc), upper life sciences, research in the field of smart medicine, using information on legal compliance, and producing this report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from the market, and I am aware of this.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.