The downstream landscape continues, and performance continues to grow rapidly — three-quarterly performance rating in 2025 — China’s medium vehicle (stock code: 601766)
Billion dollars, or 20,49 per cent more than the previous year; net profit return of $9,964 million, or 37.53 per cent more than the previous year; continued downward windfall and rapid growth of railway equipment + the new industry. In the first three quarters of 2025, company railway equipment generated $8,771.7 million, or +22.23 per cent, of revenues from urban rail and urban infrastructure operations.
27,288 million yuan, i.e. 3.99 per cent of the year; $6,609 billion, i.e., +31.91 per cent of the year, from the new industry; and good cost control and a stable profitability during the modern Quanxia period.
International operations are expected to grow well in the future, as the company’s pilot projects, such as the Arwan, the Central and Central Railways, and the Hundred High Railways, become more competitive with their products.
[Galaxy] Company review: Chinese Chinese car (601766.sh): Railway equipment + new industry growing brightly, looking at year-round performance 2. [Galaxy] company review _ Chinese car (601766.sh):
Centrally over-expected performance, railway equipment continues to be in a state of flux.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.