The performance report meets expectations, with the internal capital pcb at the forefront of the 5g era and the 2018 performance report meeting expectations of sustained and high growth in 2019: the company released the 2018 performance report, generating operating income of $7.602 billion, an increase of 33.68 per cent over the previous year.
The net return to the mother is 697 million yuan, an increase of 55.61% over the previous year, which is consistent with our expectations and maintains the 2019-2020 profit forecast. We believe that the deep south circuit, as a domestic pcb leader, will benefit fully in the larger context of the impending 5g and accelerating trend of semiconductor national production.
• Rapid growth in corporate performance, with the in-house capital pcb industry at the forefront of the five-g era: rapid growth in the company in 2018, mainly as a result of the following factors: (1) stable and faster growth in revenue from the company's three operations of printing circuit boards, sealing boards and electronics; (2)
The main areas of application of corporate products, such as communications, engineering medicine, servers, etc., have continued to grow; (3) Nantung Smart Manufacturing Plants have climbed beyond expectations, the company ' s professional production lines have been well adjusted and the capacity utilization rate is high; (4) Companies have continued to invest in in in-house capacity upgrading and have achieved phased results.
We believe that the 5g commercial approach, the construction of the 5g base station, will drive a significant increase in the demand for pcb, with the prospect of a substantial increase in volume, and that the company, as the world's leading radio base station supplier for radio frequency, will actively develop the 5g base station for radio communication, with Chinese, Chinese, Nokia, Chinese and Chinese products.
A large number of high-quality clients, including the Samsungs, are about to enter a 5-g era. The company is actively expanding its capacity, and the base plate business is expected to be a new growth dynamic: the envelope board is the largest segment of the current semiconductor envelope, with the bulk of the package.
The company is a national ic-boarding champion, with the core technology of the envelope board substantially overhauled the performance guidelines of the annual report, the company will be well ahead of the lead and some of its products will be in mainstream suppliers.
The trend towards national production of 5g+semiconductors has accelerated, and in the country, pcb years, the base-plate collection project for tin-free production bases is being built in an orderly manner to reach the postnatal stage, with an expected additional capacity of 600,000 square metres/year.
There is still room for upgrading, coupled with the mid-2019 launch of the tinless plant ' s ic board and the launch of its capacity release period, and the sealing of the base plate operation is expected to open up to a period of rapid growth.