The performance report meets expectations, the operation of the Nanton plant, the evaluation report/electronic components, the deep south circuit release of the 2018 performance report: the company achieved a gross operating income of $7.602.14 million, a year-on-year increase.
33.68 per cent; net profit of $697.25 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 55.61 per cent over the same period. The performance report meets expectations.
According to the company's performance update announcement, the net profits expected to accrue to shareholders in listed companies in 2018 continued to grow in downstream areas such as control of medical care, servers, and the three major operations continued to grow at a rapid rate; 2) Nantong Factory Unit compared with the trend of Deep 300
Super-optimal, well-adjusted production lines, high-capacity performance, rising rates, sufficient orders, 18q4 battalion collection over expectations; 3) operational efficiency gains and clear cost control gains. Traditional plants have moved to intelligence, automation, containment of base panels, faster production, and benefit 5g commercial deployments have accelerated.
1. The experience, technology and talent gained from the operation of the production line in the South China Tong factory will lay the foundation for the transformation of the company ' s traditional factories into intelligent, automated, and the continuous investment in the technology improvement project and the completion of bottlenecks will further build the core management capacity of the Division, which will continue to grow with increased operational efficiency.
It is expected that, with early stocking and product certification by clients, the containment of base-plating capacity will grow rapidly from about 200,000 m2/year to about 800,000 m2/year.2 In recent years, companies have continued to increase their spending on new production capital, with 5g base stations versus mimo antennas, high frequency
More than five times, the company will benefit from a five-g commercial acceleration. Completion of equity incentive awards, unlocking conditions emphasizing increased profitability, and long-term growth confidence. Restricted stock incentive schemes (first phase) awarded 2.8 million shares in January 2019.
On 14th, the award price was $46.37/equity and the incentive was 145 persons, with a unlocked period of 36 months (three times unlocking), with the first unlockable period being less than 12 per cent of the average weight of the non-recurring gain/loss reduction attributable to the stock of a listed company for the fiscal year preceding the unlocking period; and not less than 12 per cent of the average value of the non-recurring gain/loss, based on 2017.
A composite increase in net profits net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the fiscal year prior to the lock-down performance forecast with a smooth climb of production capacity of not less than 11 per cent; a unlockable fiscal year of eva>0; and neither of the first two indicators below the industry
2. Deep South Circuit (002916), in-depth research report: 5g commercial lift, mid-end pcb secure
In view of the company's successful climb of production capacity at the South Tong factory, it is expected that the company will achieve a net return profit from 2018 to 2020
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,