18 years of expected performance, with capacity climbs exceeding expectations
Ten thousand yuan, an increase of 69.67 per cent in the same year; (2) $7.50 for every ten shares, an increase of two shares for every ten shares. Performances met expectations and benefited from a smooth climb in production capacity and improved efficiency in the operation of the old plant. (1) The net profit expected by the company to be attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in 2018 in the performance forecast amendment announcement was:
Billion dollars, an increase of 105.80 per cent over the same period. The printing of circuit boards, envelopes, electronic assembly operations, respectively, accounted for revenue. (2) The main reason for the high performance in comparison with the 300-year trend of the Unit is the following: 1) downstream areas of communications, engineering and medical care, servers, etc.
Sustained growth, saturation of orders, shift of internal production capacity bottlenecks to the Foreign Association, and continued rapid growth of the three main operations; 2) In the second half of 18, the South China-China smart plant became operational, with overexploitation of production capacity, smooth line adjustment, high production capacity, continued optimization of the structure of plant products, improved operational efficiency and clear cost control.
Strong demand in the areas of communications, servers, full orders, rapid growth of three major operations \triangleright pcb operations, communications and server demand boosted by strategic guests such as China, Central Hing, Rockwell Collins
With a high degree of recognition of the company's pcb quality, delivery, etc., the successful expansion of the Nanton factory in the second half of 18, and with the acceleration of the commercial pace of 5g, it is expected to continue to be one of the main growth points in performance for 19 years: the encapsulation of the base plate.
Continuous upgrading of products in technology and products (mainly applied to smart machines such as apples and tristars, with over 30 per cent of the world's cities), high-density envelopes, production capacity of some products such as fc-csp, no production capacity, and successful implementation of the tin collection project plant, expected to be operational in 2019, will be followed by a substantial expansion of storage envelopes
Markets such as the base plate. IEC operations have increased significantly in terms of operational capacity and have grown faster. 1. Deep South (002916), company rating: performance: conventional plants have moved to intelligence and automation, enveloped base plate production capacity has accelerated, benefiting 5g commercial deployments.
Rapid reporting meets expectations that the operation of the Nanton plant is over-expected, that the experience, technology and talent gained from the operation of the South China factory production line will be evaluated for the intelligence of the company's traditional plant, and that of 2. Deep South Circuit (002916), which is 18 years old.
Automation transitions lay the foundation, and the sustained investment in TRPs and the completion of bottlenecks will further build up public performance expectations, and the core management capacity of the Division will continue to grow with the increased efficiency of its operations.
It is expected that, with early stocking and product certification by clients, the containment of base-plating capacity will grow rapidly from about 200,000 m2/year to about 800,000 m2/year.2 In recent years, companies have continued to increase their spending on new production capital, with 5g base stations versus mimo antennas, high frequency
The company focuses on the “3-in-one” strategy, and the pcb business benefits 5g commercial acceleration, taking into account the company's Nanjing workers.
Quality customer stability, based on the elasticity of company performance growth, and maintenance of company “recommended” ratings.1 Increased industry competition; 2, less than expected pace of productive capacity; and 3, risk of price volatility of raw materials.3 Authors with qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,