The construction of the 5g base station continues to inject growth energy.
In the 2018 report, Fu Chu-Yung achieved a revenue of $7.602 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 33.67 per cent over the same period: net return to the mother of $697 million, an increase of 55.58 per cent over the same period: eps of $249.
(i) Performance is in line with expectations, all three of which show a bright eye. Corporate performance falls above the mid-point of the performance forecast and meets expectations.
In an accelerated trend, mainly as a result of server order loads and the progressive construction of the 5g base station, the performance of the Division has increased rapidly into the fast track.
The pcb product structure was optimized to offset the adverse effects of the production upside, with the Māori rate increasing by 0.71 percentage points. The price of the enveloped base plate was increased by 25.52%, and the Māori rate was higher.
29.69 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points over the same period, benefited mainly from the rapid growth and increase in the production of fingerprints and radio frequency modules.
(ii) 5g base station continues to inject growth dynamic energy, yielding capacity release time, and with the construction of 5g base station progressing, there is a strong demand in areas such as downstream communications, servers, etc., while the ratio of high-value high-frequency high-speed boards in demand structures is increasing, pcb industry
The price increases are expected to inject growth dynamics into the growth of corporate performance. The company is closely connected to the top Chinese equipment manufacturers, and prior research and development has taken place, and the company is expected to gain a fair share of the market in the 5g era.
In 19 years, pcb operations are expected to continue as the company’s main performance flashpoint. In the case of sealing boards, the no-simultaneous project is expected to start this year and is expected to increase.
Industry Weekly: 5g Helppcb Industry for Development Opportunities, strongly recommended for purchase of electronics flagships, Industry Weekly: 5g Progressing Well pcb first benefits, strongly
The 5g spectrum distribution program is down, recommending attention to pcb industry dragons. Deep South circuits: announcement ups in 2018 performance guidance areas, many times. We look at the company as the medium- and long-term target for in-house capital pcb taps and 5g depths.
5g Topic I: 5g will lead the industry to further upgrading, looking for the Chinese e-information industry leader. 5g Topic II: Investment opportunities in the pcb sector run through the 5g cycle.
The expectation of high corporate growth this year has been implicit, with downgraded to “carefully recommended.” The pace of investment needs to be kept in place before the base station and the terminal 5g base station is not as fast as expected.