IT hardware and equipment are expected to break the 20 billion mark in five years, and profit elasticity is greater than income +55%. q4 quarter income +2.206 billion, ring + 8%, year + 53%, net profit
q4 single-quarter re-innovation high, resulting from an increase in the volume of digital pcb: the reasons for the increase in performance included four areas: pcb, ic board, electronic loading union, three operations with steady growth: communications, industrial-controlled medical care, server, etc., and the upturn in downstream product sales leading to an increase in pcb demand: South China Smart System
Plant climbs beyond expectations, crop rates are rising, and less difficult products from the previous period are gradually switching to medium-to-high-value products. Automation leads to shorter delivery periods, better rates and an expected four-quarter balance of gains and losses in the first three quarters, but in fact q4 returns more than 10 million;
A long-term equity incentive scheme is expected to be launched in 2019.
On the client side, orders from central and other clients, such as Ericsson, continued to grow; Chinese orders were better structured: boarding operations gradually imported into storage products clients: engineering medicine, servers, etc.
Electronics Industry - Deep South Circuit (002916), 18 years of performance supermarket expectations, lucky and capable high-end manufacturing teams
q4 quarter Māori rate and net interest rate ring increase by about one pct. Māori increase is mainly due to increased product structure and product line efficiency, company 4g product upgrades with downstream customers, service storage, and the gradual introduction of industrial-controlled medical products to new customers
Technology, 5g&pre5g, which began to produce small quantities of goods, has led to an overall increase in the value added of the company's products; At the cost end, the company's high levels of pcb and plate rates have stabilized, and individual series of products have been upgraded, such as the scraping board, the storage class of the board, the pcb's 20 floors and above, and the new generation's communications product.
In addition, the automated production line of the new plant has resulted in a reduction in the cost of direct labour (reduced productivity, 24-hour start-up) and direct materials (reduced end-of-life rates). At the same time, the cost of purchasing the coin plate is gradually decreasing after the production capacity is phased out, especially during the dividend period.
In addition, there are no expansion projects in the q4 Division, with reduced costs and higher crop rate costs.
In the second half of 2018, China's continental base station was growing by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a global penetration rate of less than half of 4g, 4g continuing to be laid, upgraded and commercialized, equipment started to be billed, and China's continental network base site was built.
As a result of the high growth in Internet traffic, cloud-based penetration, global server output has grown by nearly nine Lidus, and global Internet mega-capital spending has continued to rise by 2018q4 around the world.
We believe that in 2019, although there will be a slight slowdown in the rate of delivery of the server, it will maintain four major barriers to the general category of pcb products: equipment, technology, finance, customers, such as the seven technological difficulties of backboard production, some solutions involving the company's own patents, at least in need.
Experienced personnel, modified equipment, sharpened production lines, stable productivity rates in the mass production process and compliance with profitable output requirements are not short-term breakthroughs through the purchase of equipment for trial production, which is basically applicable in products above 16 floors and above 3,000 yuan per square metre.
Previously, the main players in the high-level market had been foreign firms, such as New America, Isu, ttm, which had lost their competitiveness due to the fragmentation of their shareholdings and the decline in their willingness to invest, or were in a state of decline.
The 18-year-old performance supermarket forecast, the lucky and capable high-end manufacturing team, in the first two years of a gradual increase in the penetration of new-generation telecommunications equipment, the deep south circuits, the relatively strong position and share of the industry, and a marked increase in client orders, such as Ericsson, since this year.
Long, according to the projections of Prismark, by 2022, the global market space of $13.7 billion for the major type of pcb market is assumed to double to 10 per cent for deep south, at the current rate of the city, with approximately 9.5 billion rmb due.
The revenue from this single year of the 5g base station construction peak period alone is expected to exceed 50% of the total revenue received in 2017 (5.6 billion rmb). The ic-boarding country team is gradually working, and the increase in the national production rate has created 7 billion rbs:
With respect to the ic plate, the company is a company with scarce internal resources and qualified through a technical capability test and large customer certification, and industry research has shown that 300,000 chips per month of stored chip production, approximately 38,000 to 40 thousand flat/month, are required for the ic plate production package, at an average cost of 2600 to 3000 yuan/month.
Preliminary statistics show that the total capacity of the large and expanding Idm storage chip production in mainland China is approximately 830,000 chips per month, of which 350,000 are currently in construction and 470,000 are under construction.
The global board market is about US$ 7.5 billion, the leading market is about 15%, the equivalent is about 7.8 billion rmb, and the deep south is now less than 2% of the total market, and there are about 6-7 billion more.
The competitive advantage of deep-south boarding over the traditional 10 (80% of the board market) is mainly in terms of cost prices, near response, capital, and the need for nationalization of core industries. There is no alternative to the semiconductor to some extent.
A model of efficiency within state-owned assets, with a long-term view of revenue collection, is still more than desirable: the company’s comparative advantage lies mainly in technological accumulation, client barriers, talent groups, and improved automated production capacity.
Projects, etc., show a gradual improvement in the efficiency of corporate governance, and are an example of a state-owned capital that is “probably self-sufficient.” The 18-year high-performance supermarket expectation, a lucky and capable high-end manufacturing team, is one of the best.
In the long term, the company's 10th board and 7 billion yuan in incremental income space, with reference to the boom, the view, the view, and so forth, took about 8 to 12 years from input to growth into the world's top business, taking into account the better capital, talent and infrastructure environment that the South depends on, and we assume to complete in deep South 8 years.
To this end, the company began bulk-loading operations from the end of the 2015 move, which was completed in 2023, with a revenue of about $8.5 billion. In 2023, based on market space data from previous third-party agencies, we conservatively assumed that the city of Shennan was occupied.
By 2023, the global market space would have been about $17 billion in gold (prismark), assuming that deep south’s market share in these three areas would remain at about 1.5 per cent in 2018 in the global market of pcb, which is about 1.8 billion rmb.
Electronics is based on 900 million dollars in 2018, an annual compound increase of 10 per cent, and by 2023, the Institute was able to develop the 9th North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.