Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronics, locking in industry opportunities, building internal capital pcb taps, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $7.602 billion in 2018, an increase of 33.68 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $697 million, an increase of 55.61 per cent in the same year; three major operations are expected to be sound and high in the first quarter of 2019 under the “3-in-one” strategy.
The leading business in the circuit board industry, which is derived from communications, demand in the area of servers, and from the optimization of the South Endopportunity slopes and former factories, achieved $5.379 billion in revenue from the printing of circuit boards, an increase of 38.15 per cent over the same period, representing over 70 per cent of total income, and the Māori rate rose to 23.04 per cent; in 2018, the company seals were sealed.
The base plate operation generated revenue of 947 million yuan, an increase of 25.52 per cent over the previous year, with fingerprints and radio frequency modules.
Making deliveries, providing one-stop service to clients, from single-board to mechanism-building, building on existing clients, and building on the new 5g demand and capacity-building resonance, and sustaining research and development to maintain strong corporate competitiveness. At present, increasing environmental control in the country poses a huge challenge for pcb manufacturers, which will continue to gather in the country’s pcb industry.
The company is heavily invested in management and expenditure to ensure a robust production line. Changes at the front end of the 5g radio frequency and an increase in the base station size compared to 4g will drive an increase in the use of pcb, while the 5g equipment will use high frequency, high-speed materials, which will lead to an increase in the value added of pcb in the next few years.
In 2018, the company invested $347 million in research and development, or 4.56% of business income, and actively cooperated with clients to develop the pcb products for the 5g wireless base station, host network, core network, etc., for the next generation of communication networks.
In the case of core clients, the company has gained a high degree of recognition, six years in a row as a “gold core supplier” and has won the winning “Best global partner in 2018.” The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a complex growth rate of 39%.
“Increased” ratings are maintained in the company’s leading position in the domestic industry of pcb. Progress towards delivery is not as high as expected. 1. Deep South circuit (002916).
5g-quality track (2018-10-23) scenario 1: assuming the order profile of the printing circuit board operation and the basic match of capacity, with the gradual release of the production capacity of bases such as the new South Tong factory and the arrival of the 5g construction cycle (assuming the total size of the 5g base station in the country in 2019-2021),
Pcb’s performance has increased in tandem with a steady increase in the Māori rate, which has stabilized at over 23 per cent with the release of high-performance products. Assuming that 2: the growth of electronic assembly operations is largely due to increased demand for communications products, the operator will enter the 5g construction cycle over the next three years, with more than 10 per cent of the investment per year growing at 4g’s historical rate, and the company’s electronic assembly operations will be self-sustaining through the development of enrichment.
Motivation, intelligence projects, project management and in-house operational capacity have improved significantly, assuming a stable Maori rate Assuming that the company's enveloped base plate operations are dominated by the products of the acoustic microelectric system. The construction of the base plate plant for the tinless project is expected to be launched in 2019, taking into account the need for national production of the product and the release of the company's production capacity.
Assumption 4: Taking into account the firm ' s R & D intensity and scale effects, assuming no significant changes in the company ' s three rates over the next few years, Noone will receive no direct or indirect compensation for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.