18-year-old supermarket expectations, lucky and capable high-end manufacturing team q4 quarter re-innovation, resulting from a digital pcb volume increase: our model estimates q4
At present, 2.2 billion yuan, +49 per cent, ring + 5 per cent; net return to the mother (in median) of 220 million yuan, due to the growth of orders from Central Hing, Ericsson, etc.; optimized order structure of Hua: about 10 per cent decline in the board ' s business ring; started production in July in the south and lost in the first month of September.
A single-month production value of approximately 45 million in November, with a current crop rate of about 80 per cent and a single-quarter profit, Deep South Circuit (002916), Pacific Securities-Electronic Industry-Deep South Circuit (002916);
The increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to an increase in average prices, which is about 10-15% higher than the same period in the previous year, and the company's communications equipment provider.
At the cost end, the company’s high and multiple levels of pcb and the rate of good boarding have stabilized, and individual series of products have increased, such as storage of board, pcb 20 floors and above.
In addition, q4 companies have no expansion projects, reduced cost charges and higher crop rates.
The number of pcb scenes continues, high-barrel assets enjoy excellent patterns, and shares are expected to level off or rise: for downstream climate continuity and upstream performance pull effects, the number of pcbs for the new generation communications base, data centres, iot equipment, etc. are relatively good investment areas.
There's also room for upscaling, and there's a steady increase in value. Companies benefit from downstream reverse investment, and there are four main barriers to the core number of pcb products: equipment, technology, finance, customers, long-term industry accumulation to gain downstream preferences, and penetration of new-generation communications equipment is gradually increasing.
In the first two years, deep-south circuits had a relatively strong position and share, and since this year there has been a marked increase in client orders, such as Ericsson, there is still room for the company to increase its share in the future.
On the board, the company is a company with scarce in-house capital and through technical skills tests and certification of large clients, and industry research has shown that 300,000 chips per month of stored chip production, roughly equivalent to 38,000 to 40 thousand flat/month of board production, at an average cost of 2600 to 3000 yuan per square metre.
Preliminary statistics show that the total capacity of the large and expanding Idm storage chip production in mainland China is approximately 830,000 chips per month, of which 350,000 are currently in construction and 470,000 are under construction.
The corresponding market space is about $3.6 billion a year. At present, China’s domestic capital firms, represented by Deep South, Hingsen, have less than 2% of the total market of the 10 boardboards.
Domestic firms are competitive over the traditional top ten (80% of the board market). This is mainly due to cost prices, proximity, capital, and the need for national production in core industries.
The top 18-year performance supermarket expectations, the lucky and capable high-end manufacturing teams of countries with a sustained growth of high-end manufacturing core targets: the comparative advantage of companies lies mainly in the accumulation of technology research and development, client barriers, talent groups, and improved automated production capacity.
The equity incentive scheme, the automated plant selection project, etc., shows a gradual improvement in the efficiency of corporate governance, which is expected to be a “lucky and productive” model of state-owned capital.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.