Deep South Circuit (002916.sz) 5g base station provides the company with the power to sustain its growth.
(i) The main product is pcb for communications, and the insider is ranked first.
It is about 70%; it is about 60% of the income from the communications business according to downstream applications, and the product is mainly pcb. The company has a high-end product location, has a leading integrated technical capability in various high-school pcb processes, such as backboards, and has a solid pcb.
The company was ranked first among the Chinese pcb manufacturers in 2017. The company's performance guide was changed up this time, mainly in the fourth quarter of 2018.
(ii) The 5g base station will provide companies with a sustained performance growth engine, the base station will be built ahead of schedule, and the company will continue to benefit as a leader in the in-house pcb industry.
Continues the faster growth momentum; Nanton factory is well on track, and productive release is expected to increase its performance, raising the Māori rate. 5g base stations have increased their number, single base station pcb demand and high frequency high-speed communications have increased their pcb ratio, and the pcb industry has increased its prices.
The pcb income is relatively high, and the benefits are clear. 5g require higher product thresholds for the size, material processing, overall accuracy, and functional integration of pcb products in communications. Companies are closely connected to top equipment manufacturers such as Hwa, Naking, Ericsson, Nokia, and others.
The pcb industry, on the other hand, is expected to continue its good cooperative relationship with equipment suppliers in the 5g era, with a fair share of the market. The South China Smart pcb plant is going well.
As production capacity is released in an orderly manner, it will further increase performance; the informationization and automation of smart plants is high, and it is expected to increase corporate profitability. As the 5g base station is built in an orderly manner, a “recommended” rating is given for the first time for the volume of the pcb that is offered.