Three major businesses are still growing in space for the future, and the company has published an annual report showing that it achieved $7.602 billion in operating revenue in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
The distribution plan is $7.5 (including taxes) for every 10 shares, 2 shares for every 10 shares, and the company's three major business lines are still large in the future, and according to the 2018 annual report, the company produces circuit boards, envelopes, electronic pools.
The growth in the growth rate of the three major business plates was 70.76%, 12.45%, and 12.19%, respectively. The company printed circuit boards with a core of communications equipment, with a focus on aerospace and industrial control major shareholders (2018)
The growth of pcb operations has benefited mainly from improvements in the technology and productivity of the South China Factory, while the restructuring of China Air International Holdings Ltd. and tinless plant products has led to increased profitability.
As the 5g commercial approach, we believe that the construction of the base stations of the three major operators in the country will significantly pull the wireless base station, the carrier network and the core network pcb will need to be built.
In general, the company has become the world’s leading radio base station radio powerer pcb supplier, and it is Asia-Pacific’s last six months of equity versus depth of 300.
The company's enveloped base plate operations are now dominated by the products of the acoustic micromechanical system, which are used for apples, tristars, etc., a segment that keeps the market ahead and the market outpaced.
More than 30%. The current global market space for enveloped boards is in the range of $8 billion to $10 billion, and its main suppliers are the booming, tycoon, Samsung, viewing, etc. The concentration is higher in this area, with the top 10 firms accounting for 83.51%. Companies now account for 83.51% of the global market.
Within 2%, customers cover mainstream global encapsulations such as Anse, Sunshine, and Long Electric Technologies. We believe that the domestic sealing industry already has a large market share in the world, that companies have a better customer base, and that the domestic storage of chips has accelerated national production.
The company has a broad alternative to national production. The company's electronics consortium serves the “3-in-one” strategy, creating good business synergies for pcb and the enveloped base plate business. During the reporting period, the business grew by 27 per cent, benefiting mainly from increased demand for goods in the communications sector.
In 2018, Māori rates and net interest rates were 23.13 per cent and costs, management costs, R & D costs and financial costs, respectively, combined over time, for the current period of the company.
The annual cost rate was 7.10 per cent, a decrease of 6.48 pct over the same period. Overall, the profitability of the company increased significantly, while the free cash flow of the enterprise was -784 million, mainly expenditure on the company's purchases of property, an increase of 44.6 per cent in the company's accounts payable, and the data show that the company is stronger than the supplier.
The company ' s ipo project has yet to yield a profit this year. The company ' s construction in progress grew by 30.15 per cent and its fixed assets by 21.28 per cent, respectively, during the reporting period.
As a result of construction, the increase in fixed assets is mainly the result of the “high-speed, high-density multi-layered project for the printing of circuit boards” (a phase) investment project. We believe that companies are asset-intensive enterprises that guarantee the growth of construction projects and upgrading of fixed assets.
However, in terms of capacity, pcb and ic are in the project.
We believe that a breakthrough in corporate production bottlenecks will guarantee future performance growth.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.