The performance announcement is over-expected, and 5g and the sealing board are strongly recommended (maintenance) for national production in due course.
The performance announcement was over-expected, the forecasted harvest was mixed with a profit gain of 103.67%, and the company’s profitability increased significantly. The company’s performance improved mainly by a significant increase in its revenues during the fourth quarter, and by a smooth climb in the Nanton factory. We expect company pcb operations to be 60% in 2018.
Income is about $5.1 billion, an increase of about 32%. At the same time, the smooth uphills of the Nanton factory show that companies have been able to adapt their professional production lines in recent years, adding up to higher levels of automation and better internal management, and we expect that companies will be more productive and more profitable.
In addition, environmental policies, downstream demand, and financial power have increased the concentration of the pcb sector, with a steady increase in the share of income abroad, and the current shift of the pcb industry to the home country when it was right.
The share of earnings abroad has risen steadily over the years, reaching 36.53% in 2017. At the same time, the construction of the 5g base station has enabled pcb products to rise at full prices, and the company is expected to take the lead in the construction of the 5g base site.
The sealing of the base plate is a key package for the chain of industry. The sealing of the base plate is a national alternative. The company’s sealing of the board breaks foreign monopolies and occupies a segmented area such as mems.
The company ' s ipo collection project is expected to add 600,000 square metres of annual production capacity to the post-partum construction of a tin-free plant, which will help the company break through the capacity bottlenecks and open up the space for growth.
The firm’s performance elasticity from the capital pcb flagship, the construction of the 5g base station and the nationalization of the enveloped base plate, and the firm’s “strongly recommended” rating when the top business, the 5g business and the nationalization of the envelope board were right.
(b) Continuous follow-up on cultural media and education, with a wealth of research experience in the areas of recreation, education, marketing services, publishing and distribution, with emphasis on research and analysis of the industrial chain, and with a view to tapping into the value of investment from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in the industrial chain;
Invited to the Forum Forum for National Summit Exchanges, Business Strategic Advisory Exchanges on Listed Enterprises and Business Strategic Advisory Commissions, etc. Ongoing follow-up in the area of electronics industry. Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City, 4th Floor