Deep South circuits (002916.sz) have grown rapidly, with the 5g era leading up to the publication of the 2018 annual report by Deep South circuits. In 2018, the company achieved its operating income and a net return to the mother.
For $7.602 million, $697 million, an increase of 34 per cent and 56 per cent, respectively. It is expected that 2019q1 will achieve faster growth in revenue collection and improved profitability indicators.
Printed circuit boards: Demand-driven growth, new production capacity effectively released $5.379 billion in operating income from printing circuit boards, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year, representing 71 per cent of revenue. The increase was mainly due to demand in the area of communications, servers, etc.
The company ' s production circuit board output continued to rise, while the product was highly recognized by its clients.
Completing the base plate achieved operating income of 947 million yuan, an increase of 26 per cent, or 12 per cent. The company upgraded the silicon microphone envelope and maintained its leading position.
Advance, expected production in 2019, storage customer development progresses as expected.
Performance growth is higher than expected, with 5g Building for Growth in the Future, a one-stop shop from single-board to mechanism-building. At the same time, companies continuously upgrade project management and in-house transport, and push forward the 3-in-one strategy, focusing on 5g development opportunities.
In 2019, the company will continue to advance the 3-in-one strategy, planning to print a 5g focus for circuit board operations, following up on the 5g development opportunities, maintaining and expanding pre-emptive advantages, while at the same time achieving abrupt break-ups in the automobile and server markets. Pushing new lines up the slopes and making smart changes to other plants.
So far, IEC has been able to build on existing markets in areas such as automobiles, and to upgrade management capabilities. The company’s profit predictions and investment proposals.
Take note of the company’s position as a capital pcb leader and the rapid pace of construction of 5g with 5g and semiconductor national production opportunities; and the inability of new plants to climb as expected.
Wang Fenghua, Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, is currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.