"The King of Africa's Phones": the voice-over-the-sounding stock has passed by more than 10 times.
Year after year, it has now become the backbone of the global emerging market cellular industry, with the world's fourth-largest mobile phone delivery in 2018, the world's number one in functional cellular sales, the largest in African markets, the city's 48.7%, and the Africa King's beauty. The company's main focus is on cellular intelligence.
Design, R & D, production, marketing and branding, with three major branded mobile phones under the banner of Tecno, itel, and infinix, the distribution area is concentrated in Africa, as well as in emerging countries around the world, such as India, the Middle East, and South America. In addition, companies are actively implementing diversified strategic layouts around their main business, creating digital accessories.
The brands oraimo, syinix for household appliances, and carlcare for after-sales services, among others. Automation of smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos and Xos, active development and incubation of mobile Internet products, contributing to the growth of corporate performance.
Main business was prominent, and companies had great potential for growth: in the last three years, the revenue from the company’s main business had increased from $11.64 billion, mainly from African markets, and in the reporting period, the company’s income in Africa had remained at about $9.61 billion, while the Māori ratio of its products had remained at around 20 per cent, and there had been a gradual increase in the company’s net profits.
To promote the strategic layout of emerging markets and enhance the local design of product performance: from 2008 onwards, audio holdings entered the African continent market, and after many years of operation and development, companies now have a highly adapted R & D system, a well-established and cooperative marketing system, a diversified branding system, a well-developed after-sales service system,
Localized human resources, as well as large indigenous data resources in Africa. Companies have a series of home-grown smart designs for dark-coloured people, strong market leadership and unique barriers to competition, while companies are actively pursuing a strategy of regional expansion to move into India, Bangladesh, and Pakistan.
Emerging-market countries such as Stan, Indonesia, and Viet Nam. Companies now hold 6.7% of the stock in Indian markets, ranking fourth, furthering the company’s strategic profile in emerging markets.
There is a huge potential for development, with a larger share of smart phones relative to the need to improve space and architecture. Emerging markets in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America have a population base of over 3 billion, low levels of economic development, relatively slow growth in the mobile phone industry, low per capita mobile phone holdings, large market space, and with technology.
The development of the mobile phone industry, which has moved into a transition period of 4g to 5g, with structural upgrades, as well as the high level of technology in the mobile phone industry, is a strategic and emerging industry that we have focused on nurturing and developing, and is supported by a number of national policies that will bring about new developments in the mobile phone industry.
The opportunity to benefit better from the increase in the demographic dividend in emerging markets along the “one-way” route. Risks of demand; political and policy changes in overseas operations; and exchange rate changes.
In addition, companies are actively implementing diversified strategic layouts around their main business, including the design, development, production, marketing, and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones, with three major brands of cell phones: tecno, itel, and infinix, which are marketed mainly in Africa, as well as in emerging global markets such as India, the Middle East, and South America.
Created digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sales brands carlcare.
The Department, which was transformed into a limited number of companies by means of an overall change on 8 November 2017, currently includes a large number of enterprises, both within and outside the country, and is luxurious, of which sound investments account for 56.7 per cent of its largest shareholders, in addition to the 14.4 per cent, 8.4 per cent, 4.6 per cent, respectively, in source funds, transfer investments, transmission business, transmission business, etc.
Since its establishment, the Sound Control Unit has been working to provide high-quality mobile-centred multi-mode smart terminals to users in emerging markets around the world, as well as mobile Internet services for users based on autonomously developed smart terminal operating systems and flow portals, in line with the operation “Providing local consumer-friendly smart terminals and mobile Internet services for emerging market countries around the world”
Now that the company’s main product is tecno, itel, and infinix, the marketing region is concentrated in global emerging-market countries such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. After many years of accumulation and growth, companies have achieved a leading market position in major global emerging markets such as Africa, India, etc.
At the same time, based on the leading advantages accumulated in emerging markets, companies are actively implementing diversified strategic layouts around their main business, creating digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and post-sale services brands carlcare. In addition, companies are developing smart terminal systems such as hios, itelos, and xios.
While upgrading the user hardware experience, efforts have been made to provide local-cultural mobile Internet applications to emerging market consumers, and companies have been pushing deep into Africa-based global emerging markets to position low- and medium-end-priced products. Unlike producers in such countries as Mi and Hua, companies operate mobile brands, positioning markets in Africa and emerging markets like India and the Middle East.
At present, voice-held shares also enjoy the reputation of the “King of Africa.” According to idc statistics, the global market share of corporate cellular output reached 7% in 2018, ranking fourth: 48.7% in African markets, ranking first. And considering economic developments in Africa, for example, companies provide mainly low- and medium-priced products, such as functioning machines, and lower-priced intelligence.
The market is relatively low, and even a percentage of the population that has not yet used mobile devices. With economic growth and rising per capita consumption capacity, the potential of the market for smart phones in emerging markets is growing in the face of a growing trend towards the intellectualization of mobile phones.
Given India’s rapid economic growth, it has grown into one of the world’s major mobile phone consumer markets, with huge market capacity. Economic development remains highly uneven, domestic rich and poor are characterized by large disparities, and low- and middle-end mobile phones continue to dominate the country’s consumers.
In the first half of 2016, the company entered the Indian market and obtained a high rate of market ownership, thanks to marketing strategies that suit the local market, rapid opening of the Indian market. According to idc statistics, in 2018, the market share of the company’s total stock of mobile phones in the Indian market was 6.7%.
1.2 Corporate business profiles: steady growth in revenue collection and rapid improvement in performance Status of company-owned operations: companies are mainly engaged in the design, R & D, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core, and the products and services currently provided by companies can be broadly divided into mobile phone communications, digital accessories, home appliances, post-sale
Between 2016 and 2018, the company’s income was mainly from cellular income. In 2018, mobile income accounted for 57.9 per cent, 61.6 per cent, 68.4 per cent, respectively, of the main business, while the traditional functional machine ratio declined, and between 2017 and 2018, the functional income even showed a negative growth trend.
In terms of regional composition, the company ' s main operating income is mainly from the African market, with companies accounting for 82.6 per cent, 75.1 per cent and 75.7 per cent of non-income in 2016-2018, respectively, while voice-held holdings have been active in expanding markets other than Africa.
Corporate performance: During the reporting period, the company ' s income from its products showed a rapid upward trend, with a combined annual growth rate of 175.8 per cent for the cost of the company ' s products, based on rapid growth in revenue and effective cost control on the one hand, and a 17 per cent cost for the company on the other. Sales and management costs are higher in its cost structure, accompanied by expansion of the company ' s operations,
Sales costs increased and management costs decreased from 8.2 per cent to 3.6 per cent, as a result of corporate management efficiency Corporate R & D expenditure and staff structure: as of 2018, the sound control unit had 14317 full-time employees, including 1517 R & D staff, or 10.6 per cent, and about 90 per cent of R & D staff, including specialists and technicians.
The cost of R & D rose from $390 million in 2016 to $710 million in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 36% and a cost rate of R & D.
The company has established autonomous R & D centres in Shanghai and Shenzhen, respectively, and is working closely with research and development teams in Nigeria and Kenya, insisting on market-driven, user-oriented R & D models for autonomous innovation, committed to transforming popular science and technology into localized products, and localized innovation research and development.
Through the development of human face characterization tests, automated scenes2 and a “one-way” strategy focusing on “one-way” targeting user habits and preferences in Africa, the field of localization has developed a number of new features in the mobile phone industry as technology has evolved in recent years, including the mobile Internet era.
Mobile phone applications are entering a completely new phase, smartphones are increasingly using new technologies, new technologies, new designs are being applied, and many high-tech product designs are being marketed, such as full screen phones, wireless chargers, artificial intelligence, biometrics, 5g communications, folding screens, etc., to accelerate the upgrading of mobile phones.
The third is that mobile phones are completely upgraded and intelligent in their appearance structure, communication technology and operating systems.
2.1 The global mobile phone market is facing structural upgrading, with the potential for development of emerging markets. The upgrading of communications technology and cellular parts has led to a switchover, the development of the mobile phone industry has reached a transition of 4g to 5g, and the growth of the industry has slowed but is maintaining a steady growth.
In 2011, 1.72 billion units grew to 1.89 billion in 2018, with the volume of shipments rising from $30.49 billion in 2011 to $49.5 billion. With the advent of the 5g era, the average annual global output of mobile phones is expected to rise steadily to nearly $600 billion between 2019 and 2022.
Smart cellular market ownership has been increasing, smart cellular traffic has been growing at a high rate in recent years, and market access has been increasing gradually. According to idc, the number of smartphones delivered worldwide reached 1,410 million in 2018, amounting to $48.6 billion, accounting for 74.4 per cent and 98.2 per cent, respectively, of the global total of mobile phone shipments and the total volume of shipments, respectively, as projected by idc, with intelligence.
Mobile phone penetration is increasing, and by 2020 the global stock and volume of smartphones will have increased to 80.6%, respectively. Emerging markets start late, have great potential for development, and require a larger share of smartphones than space and structural improvements.
The mobile phone industry is lagging behind, with relatively small per capita mobile phone holdings and huge market space. idc statistics show that the main emerging markets, represented by Africa, India, the Middle East, Bangladesh and Indonesia, together delivered 710 million mobile phones in 2018, amounting to $67.4 billion, and from 2011 to 2018.
The volume of goods and the volume of goods delivered grew at an average annual compound rate of 5.7 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, higher than the global average of volume and volume of goods delivered The scale of emerging market sales is expected to grow rapidly in the future, with emerging market exports expected to reach 83.25 billion in 2022 and, in terms of product structure, the volume of mobile phones delivered in the major emerging markets mentioned above was 370 million in 2018, accounting for those markets
A total of 52.6% of the total stock of mobile phones is still higher than that of smart phones. At the same time, as emerging markets become more sophisticated, smartphone markets are becoming more dominant, with smartphones growing rapidly from 10.7% in 2011 to a larger demand for structural improvements.
Figure 19: Emerging market smartphone exits and their share in 2011-2022: 2.2 “One-way” strategy offers new opportunities for Chinese mobile companies The high technology content of the mobile phone industry is a strategic and emerging industry focused on nurturing and developing in the country, subject to a number of national policies
Supported. In recent years, the State has continuously guided and promoted the construction of a “one-way” community of destiny with countries along the “one-way” route, with political mutual trust, economic integration, and cultural inclusion.
Local mobile communications end-use branders, supported by our policy and financial support in countries along the “one-way” route, will enter a new phase of development, while businesses will be better able to benefit from the demographic dividend from emerging markets along the “one-way” route.
Grown-up markets are driven by intelligently driven proximate energy, and with the large roll-out of mature market 5g networks and the growing maturity of new and emerging markets, the global smartphone market will lead to a new upgrading of industries, and the demand for product renewal and substitution for end-users will rise. Wireless, portable, and intellectualization will be the main future upgrading directions. The mobile-phone market will be driven by performance.
Moreover, structural upgrading in emerging markets will be a major engine of growth for mobile phones, constrained by differences in the level of economic development across countries, a certain proportion of the population in emerging markets not yet using mobile phones, and differences in the pace of investment in communications infrastructure.
Emerging-market countries (regions) have a relatively young demographic structure and a rigid demand for smartphone consumption. The future mobile industry in emerging-market countries has enormous potential for economic development and structural improvements.
According to idc’s statistics and projections, from 2018 to 2022, the average annual compound increase in cellular output in major emerging-market countries (regions) representing the world’s major markets, such as Africa, India, and Bangladesh, will be higher than the global average growth in mature markets. Moreover, as the trend towards the intellectualization of mobile communication terminals has accelerated, mobile branding models have also increased.
Mobile phone manufacturers are no longer simply making profits through hardware sales, but rather from the benefits of mobile Internet value-added services such as pre-loading, distribution and advertising of applications based on smart terminal operating systems (os), which have now become one of the important profit growth points and core competitiveness of mobile branders. By providing easy and efficient Internet traffic to users.
Access and application of pre-enactment, application/game distribution, game combinations, advertising displays, pay materials/themes and localization of services, etc., Internet value-added services serve as a catalyst for the development of a profitable model for mobile phone industry and for innovation and mobile branding industry 3
The achievements of existing operations are a solid foundation for the future development of the company, which has accumulated a wealth of product production experience and explored profitable models with corporate characteristics. Corporate fund-raising investment projects are also determined on the basis of the company’s existing business, taking into account the needs of the company’s business development and future trends in its industry, thus enhancing its autonomy in R & D and production.
Capacity to increase control over market distribution channels and achieve a layout in the areas of home power and mobile Internet operations, from which firms can generate long-term and stable returns, new profit growth points, greater economic and social benefits, and a further solid foundation for sustainable corporate development.
Building on existing operations, companies are also promoting research and development, industrializing their products, adhering to a diversified product-based development strategy for global emerging market consumers, creating diversified product lines, enriching mobile phone products, vigorously developing mobile Internet services, continuously increasing their profitability, and continuously enhancing market development capabilities, technology and technology.
Technology research and development capabilities to seize opportunities in a new wave of science and technology information. Risks of poor expansion of new markets; low R&D costs and technological innovations that fail to meet market demand; and overseas business risks of political and policy change: exchange-rate change risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.