Hangzhou Bank, which has a strong regional business base, continues to be well-established, making a profit ahead of its colleagues, and the Hangzhou Bank, which has a strong regional business base.
In the context of regional economic stability, corporate overall profitability has improved, with revenue and profit growth in 2020 maintaining a high level of industry, asset quality has improved significantly, and we appreciate the advantages of the company’s future regional development.
For the first time, there was a strong regional economic advantage, and profits continued to improve. Hangzhou Bank, Long Three.
In the first three quarters of 2020, revenues/net profits increased by 16.2%/5.1%, respectively, at the highest rate in the industry.
Looking ahead, the company will build on the niche customer base of the Toto River region, promoting retail transformation, focusing on the two core business lines of consumer credit and wealth management, and developing potential. For the public sector, the Hangzhou regional science and technology innovation business is rich in resources, and the company's 1+6+n specialization system will boost its operations.
At the same time, as a regional comptoir in the capital city of Zhagen Province and in the construction of the new capital in Zhejiang province, the comparative advantage is prominent, and the number of low-risk, high-quality projects is expected to increase.
The return to the loan portfolio, with a significant increase of 7.5 percentage points to 65.7 per cent in 2020q3 credit over 17 years, has helped to stabilize the cost of corporate liabilities.
Corporate interest differentials of 1.95%, an increase of 12bp from the beginning of the year. Assets are of excellent quality, and the potential for growth in the middle is renewable. As the regional economy warms and corporate lending becomes more rigorous, positive pressure on manufacturing, construction, and wholesale zero.
The sales sector accounts for a steady improvement in the overall asset quality level. The negative rate for companies in the three quarters was 1.09%, a decrease of 25bp from the beginning of the year. The improvement in asset quality was accompanied by an increase in the company’s provision, which was at the top of the industry at the end of the three quarters.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality beyond expectations, and the epidemic has repeatedly affected the conduct of the company's business.
Main rate (Billions of yuan)