• Research Assistant Kim Hae, who published a Fy19 performance report: Fy19 achieved revenue of $47,686 million and 13.12 per cent for mothers.
Net gain of 1,651 million and increase of 14.90 per cent, representing an increase of about 12.3 million tons and 15 per cent in the volume of feed sold; the main reason for the poor increase in the volume of water feed sold in 19 alone is that: 1) most of the companies in the entire feed industry produce pig foods, which can be converted to avian, general aquatic products as a result of the effects of the African pigpest.
Lines, in the face of cross-border competition, have been depressed for 19 years; 2) Special aquatic species of raw fish, sea bass, etc., have fallen, and the associated species have not grown as much as expected.
Interest rates have been maintained. And throughout the downturn in aquaculture markets, companies have been increasing barriers to competition and increasing market occupancy in aquaculture through sustained increases in R & D investment, creation of new products, upgrading of products and deepening of services.
20 years: On the one hand, after more than half a year of intense competition for water, it has been observed in recent months that new entrants have contracted, and cross-border competition is likely to continue over 20 years, but the overall pattern is in the middle of a marginal improvement. On the other hand, species such as raw fish, sea bass, etc., have gone through 19 years of depressed prices, supplies, etc.
Each year, a total of 2.83 billion yuan worth of funds is publicly available, more than half of which will be invested in high-end projects that will support the future growth of the main industry.
The meat supply gap has increased, with 425.5 million tons of pork in 19 years and 21.3 per cent of the consumption-substitution effect.
1. The Sea Group (002311). Forage speed is about 30%. At the same time, with excellent cost control and efficient operating capacity, the poultry ton is profitable and the main industry is growing steadily.
In the second half of 19th year, according to the Ministry of Rural Agriculture, there has been a significant decline in the volume of pig products that can be degenerated and the 20-year marginal improvement is under way.
Services. Forage taps build up the moustache river, and the hogs/live pigs have fallen by more than 30% on the same scale. This cycle deconstructs the depth of production, plus the two-wide capacity of the company, causing a significant drop in the sale of pig food.20
Year after year, as downstream production is resumed, the amount of pig food sold is at a turning point, and breeding pigs is expected to contribute to the elasticity of profits. The company has grown about 700,000 pigs in 19 years, and in the first three quarters it is basically in a balance of gains and losses, with a national average of 35.5 yuan/kg in four quarters, which is higher than the average ring.
▪ The impact of the new crown epidemic on 20 years of performance is relatively limited: the epidemic has led to limited short-term feed production conditions, transport difficulties, and companies are now resuming production and starting higher rates. Since a quarter is not a season for the sale of aquatic materials, the impact on aquaculture is small; and the impact on poultry is expected.
One to two quarters, with a relatively limited impact on the margins of profits throughout the year, to feed tap R & D, procurement, services, operation of synergized moats, a robust growth of feed mains, and a promising profit elasticity in pig farming. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.