Profit growth has been high, credit continues to be directed to high-profit clients 27 October 2018  high profit growth with a steady increase in net profit spreads: performance growth continues to increase.
Realization of the net return to the mother was $14.276 billion, an increase of 22.46 per cent over the same period, up by more than 2 pc in the first half of the year; the profit before the provision was increased by 35.2 per cent over the same period, a slight increase over the first half of the year.
At the income end, operating income of $31.63 billion was achieved in the previous three quarters, a 29.5 per cent increase over the previous half-year, with a further 1.2pc increase. Structurally, net interest income continued to grow at a high rate, and fees and commissions showed weaker performance.
A steady rise in net interest income in the first three quarters, driven by 48 per cent growth in comparison with the first half of the increase. Net interest differentials: based on end-of-period balance caliber measurements, three-quarter net interest differentials continue to pick up. Asset end, high-yield personal consumer loans and credit card loans
The investment effort has continued to increase, with higher pricing levels; the end of the debt, the three-quarter liquidity environment, is relatively abundant, and the industry interest rate has fallen, benefiting the Shanghai Bank, which is more integrated with its counterparts, from a lower cost of its liabilities.
At the end of September, 51.2 billion new loans were disbursed compared to June, 47% of which went to retail. The number of new loans was 24.1 billion.
The balance of consumer loans (including credit cards) increased by $22.6 billion, with the balance rising further to 66%. Credits were placed in favour of high-yielding clients, with good loans raised overall pricing levels. The share of low-yielding assets fell further to 8.11%.
At the end of September, the balance of the trade union records was $183 billion, a net decrease of $3.6 billion from the end of June. “Community integration meets less than 33% of regulatory requirements.
The asset quality index continues to improve. In comparison with the end of June, the negative rate dropped by 1 bp to the credit channel, with a significant increase in interest differentials and performance.
3.47 per cent of 0.16 pc, increased resilience to risk. ▪ Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Shanghai Bank Performance is growing brightly and profitability is constantly changing.
Good. Loans go to high-yield consumer groups and credit cards, super-incumbing liabilities at lower interest rates, sharp net interest spreads, asset liability structures together drive a steady increase in net interest differentials. Asset quality indicators continue to improve, and provision coverage is stable.
Continuing performance, we expect the net return profit of Shanghai Bank in 18/19/20 to be a ratio of interest and interest earned by Shanghai Bank to interest and non-interest income, respectively.
Figure 1: Bank income and profit growth in Shanghai (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Capital quality of Bank assets in Shanghai Figure 6: Capital adequacy of Bank in Shanghai
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board