Profitful technology: cyclical arguments and growth predictions, and profit technology is not a cyclical company. Compared to typical cyclical companies, profit technology performance is good growth, depreciation amortization without huge capital inputs, high downstream demand, business walls.
The narrow supply of raw materials is conducive to industrial concentration and higher prices for copper. We measure electricity, copper, electronic fabric supplies will remain tight until the end of 2018, and the copper industry will be concentrated.
High, productive technology, as the world’s upper-middle-end copper poles, will benefit from the double-higher concentration of industries and product prices brought about by the rise in the price of raw materials. Substitution of national production provides a core growth engine, with downstream eruptions opening the cycle of gold growth.
The global pcb industry has moved rapidly to the mainland, with comparative advantages in terms of costs, capital, energy, policies, and land. Today, businesses in Taiwan and Japan have moved towards a total halt in growth and even negative growth of total equity/flow (million shares)
At this stage, intra-continental firms have two main advantages: new equipment, capital and policy support, expanding total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and increased automation in the development of new products by large-scale production capacity: the adoption of flexible production models of small volumes, multi-species, etc.
The sub-sectors of automobiles, servers, base stations, smart sound boxes, led, consumer electronics, etc., will bring about the benefits of technology (600183) for the continental copper sheet industry over the next three years:
In addition, the q3 high growth, which provides a solid foundation for year-round performance, has an advantage over competitors in terms of profitability, cash flow and operating capacity indicators.
The core competitive advantage of technology for profit: the first is the high copper plate barrier, and the company has the only industry for which it has the benefit of technology (600183).
The National Engineering Centre, the R & D input lead market, the roll-out of high-frequency boards and envelope boards; Re-emerging stock capital, a high-yielding, flexible, small-volume multi-species strategy for companies, low concentration of orders, capacity utilization
The third is a forward-looking supply chain management, tied upstream, and a reasonable increase in technology (600183), which reduces raw material stocks by providing specialized technical services to downstream customers and working together to innovate.
Growing value, growing year-round performance, core assumptions and perceptions, the market thinks that profit technology is a cyclical company.
• In fact, the market, which is the largest expected investment in the electronic plate, is characterized by good growth in profit technology performance compared to typical cyclical companies, no depreciation amortization after large capital inputs, high downstream demand, high operational barriers, and the fact that the main reason for this round rise in the price of copper is due to the tightness of the fabric and the fact that it is due to the fact that it is mainly to the use of electronic copper.
In fact, the main driving force also comes from demand-side expectations, with the downstream segmenting of markets such as automobiles, electronics, servers, 5g, network, consumer electronics, etc., rising. The market believes that because of the volatility of upstream raw materials, copperboard companies are less certain about their profitability and have a week-long presence.
Current characteristics: industry growth is low, business growth is low, and future space is small:  We believe that global output is gradually shifting to China, with China's largest downstream market, a strong demand for supply chains, large import replacement space and rapid growth, and domestic producers in the industrial chain will grow
Up on the growth stage, sharing hundreds of billions of market space. By measuring the downstream demand in the pcb industry, we believe that downstream cars, electronics, servers, small base stations, smart sound boxes, led, etc., will generate about $5.5 billion in incremental market space in the next three years.
In our search for opportunities to invest in the pcb industrial chain, we find that there is a view in the market that profit technology is a classic cyclical company, and we think that whether we look back at historical data performance or make growth predictions at the current point, it will benefit technology.
There are significant differences with typical cyclical companies: profit-making technologies are good at growing performance, depreciation without large capital inputs, amortization problems, high downstream demand, high operational barriers, and one of the most expected investment targets of the electronic plates.
We have selected leading companies in coal, color, steel, chemical, light, mechanical, and typical cycle industries to compare with income-generating technologies. Statistics show that in the period 2000-2016, the net profits of companies in the Chinese aluminium industry, the Xiangxi coal industry, the Eun Seok petrochemical industry, and the Tri-Io industry were highly volatile, with some years of profitability and some years of significant losses.
Specifically, between 2000 and 2016, China ' s net profits in the aluminium industry reached a high of 12.7 billion yuan in 2006, followed by a sharp drop in net profits to -17 billion yuan in 2009, with an inter-area amplification of 233 per cent; net profits in the Xianxi Coal industry rose to 13.6 billion yuan in 2011, but this swing in the business cycle was somewhat relevant to the macroeconomic cycle, with interest rate levels, fixed asset investments, etc.
We do not discuss the underlying causes of fluctuations in profits in these sectors, but rather describe the phenomenon and maintain a sustained growth in net profits and operating income from technology-generating activities from 2000 to 2016, in view of the overall situation of the continental copper ceiling.
In 2016, there were 73.5 million square metres of production, 73.9 million square metres of production, and 741.76 million square metres of sales. The company currently has six major expansion projects in its capacity:
An investment of 1.5 billion US dollars is expected to produce 11 million square metres of coated copper and 24 million m of merchandise glue per year. One billion US dollars (partly self-financed) are proposed to be invested in the industrialization of high-conductor heat and high-density printed circuit boards in the saliva (phase II). 10.2 million square metres of corrosion plate production capacity and 3 million m of commodity glue production capacity.
It is proposed to invest 1 billion (in part self-financing) in the construction of new production lines in Lake East Shosong. The additional silicon can produce 22 million metres, and the copper plate can produce 17 million square metres.
It is proposed to build a 240,000 m2-year high-end envelope (bt) project. It is proposed to build a 1.5 million m2-year special coating (ptfe) project. According to our industry studies and measurements, the average annual growth rate of the company ' s capacity over the next three years is about 15%, with annual capacity to cover the copper plate by 2020.
From the growth in profits, output and sales revenues from technology, the pace of steady expansion of production capacity shows that a company is growing at a faster pace, and that if technology is cyclical, the performance and output of a company cannot increase simultaneously, and the market position cannot increase gradually (the total has now risen to the second largest in the world, about 10 per cent, the actual global leader of the mid-to-high market),
Productive planning cannot expand in an orderly manner. Only by turning every production into a gain, and only in a profitable, long-term industry.
The replacement of national production, like two successive windballs, is about to set in motion a new wave of inward capital, pcb, industrial chain development. Companies in the cycle face more severe excess capital inputs and large depreciation spreads than profit technology.
As a result, and when compared with profit technology, the value of capital expenditure/depreciation and amortization over the years of these cycles is greater than profit technology, and capital expenditure suddenly increases significantly during the high profile of their respective industries, resulting in significant depreciation and amortization at a later stage, but capital expenditure over the profit technology years is relatively stable and manageable.
As can be seen from the data in the graph, the capital expenditure/depreciation amortization values of cyclical enterprises for 2000-2016 show an upward trend and are largely higher than profit-generating technologies, indicating that cyclical enterprises have higher asset attributes than profit-generating technologies, and that prior-period capital coal, chemicals, electricity, light labour, machinery, cyclical industries, have seen several capital investments between 2000-2016.
The surge in corporate capital expenditure at a time of high business performance was one of the main features of the cyclical industry, which did not exist at the technological level for reasons that these cyclical enterprises ' capital expenditure was also affected by the economic cycle, fixed-asset investment, profit, etc.
Indicators such as rate levels, real estate investments and sales, imports and exports stimulate upstream and downstream demand and willingness to invest, and determine the expansion of enterprises, while technology for profit varies widely, with copper plates being the most important raw material for printed circuit boards, printed circuit boards as the mother of the electronics industry, and industry expansion driven mainly by the iterative innovation of downstream electronic information industries, the substitution of domestic imports and other factors that are macroeconomically significant.
As long as the breakdown of automobiles, electronics, high-end communications, cloud servers, consumer electronics, etc., continues with a little more flowering, China’s time in the copper and pcb industries is only just beginning. The copper industry is facing historic growth opportunities: both supply and demand, and leaders benefit.
On the upstream side, the persistent tightness of copper and electronic fabrics has created a price-adding catalyst for leading firms, and the continuing high expectations of demand in the sub-sectors of downstream automobiles and electronics have created medium- and long-term growth momentum for the companies. In addition, mainland China is becoming a new manufacturing hub for the global pcb industry, and there is a constant demand for domestic production.
Stimulating accelerated growth of continental copper-plating enterprises. (i) Upstream: supply of raw materials will continue, the price of copper-plate will continue to rise
We have conducted in-depth industrial research and measurement of the current, exit, and additional capacity of copper benzene globally. The following table shows the main copper bean producers and does not represent the global gross domestic product.
According to research on the industrial chain of income-generating technologies, the total annual capacity of the world ' s bronze cones by 2015 is about 503740 tons. Since 2015, Japanese firms have stopped producing 99,000 tonnes of fr-4.
Global copper production capacity is about 464,000 tons a year. Chart 6: World commercial capacity statistics for major copper production plants, so we measure global copper production capacity for 2014-2016.
Note: The annual capacity growth rate is 6 per cent and the capacity is withdrawn from 9.9 per cent to 20,000 tons, and we also have detailed statistics on the new capacity of copper millers. \triangleright
Foreign manufacturers are no longer engaged in the expansion of general-grade electrolytic copper (e.g., fr-4). The expansion was concentrated in mainland China in 2017/2018, with some small-scale enterprises entering the Bureau. According to the previous table, 109,700 tons of copper per year were produced by the end of 2017.
Assuming a growth rate of 6 per cent in output in the off-continent region, the continental area has a capacity of 320,000 tons (cpca data) in proportion to the electric circuit copper: lithium copper = 8:2 (assuming full \triangleright).
As in the case of the ball ratio, we are only trying to estimate supply and demand, and in fact, the share of copper in electronic circuits in overseas areas should be lower than in the mainland, because of the early withdrawal and conversion of copper in electronics from overseas manufacturers.
In order to determine the supply of and demand for copper on electronic circuits, we have estimated the total amount of copper on the coating board and pcb, and our estimate is based on the following assumptions and formulas:
d = \sumccl_i\timesd_i\times(1+\delta)d: consumption of copper slabs
Di: The unit consumption of copper for each type of coating sheet is based on the following core assumption:
For paper-based, scratchy, metal-based copper sheeting, all of which can be calculated in a single-faced bronze cap, glass-bud, composite-bed copper-plate thickness of 1oz/0.5oz/0.25oz is 75%, 20%, 5% by comparison. Paper-based, metal-based bronze-plate average thickness of 1 oz; corrosion-plating sheet single-sided coverage of copper-plate with an average thickness of 0.5 oz.
Conservative estimates, regardless of loss. Figure 13: Continent pcb measured with copper pcb in 2017. Chart 12: Continents measured with bronze in 2017.
We estimate that the global demand for copper benzene from electronic circuits was 486,000 tons in 2017, with a measured yield of 487,000 tons, and that most of the enlarged copper circuits from mainland China became operational in 2018 by the end of the year, while we calculate that the ratio of copper from foreign electronic circuits to lithium is the same as in the country (8:2), but the fact is that the share of copper from foreign circuits should be lower, with global electronics.
The actual production capacity of the copper caps on the circuit should be less than 487,000 tons. Overall supply and demand is tight and, according to industry studies, smaller copper-plating manufacturers are currently in a state of unattended procurement.
In 2017, we recorded new cold repairs, cold repairs, new production capacity. Since electronic fibre fabrics account for about 15% of total production capacity, we estimate that in 2017, China's electronic fibre-clothing capacity is expected to be about 62.25 million tons.
In 2018, China's electronic bobble-clothing capacity was estimated to be approximately 670.5 million tons \triangleright
Formula for calculating the demand for electronic glass sheet for rigid copper sheets: d=f\times\alpha+b\times\beta+g\times\gama
d = EC sheet consumption (m) b = glass sheet production (m2) f = composite base sheet production (m2)
g = production of semi-solidated fragments (m) α = glass sheeted copper sheet area multiplier (m/m2) β = composite base sheet area multiplier (m/m2)
Gamma = semi-solidated fragment area multiplier (m/m2) The core assumptions we calculate are: α = 73.75, beta = 2, gamma = 1 according to the Analysis of Supply and Demand for Electronic Fibres on the Clipboards and Export Studies;
Assuming that the rate of increase in copper plate production in 2017 and 2018 is equal to 2016: according to our industry research, 1.75 m of semi-stabilized slices are required for a coating; approximately 1.27 m in electronic cloth width;
\triangleright The proportion of applications of various thickness electronic sheets on the coating board is derived from the literature "Application of the coating sheet and the fibre sheet on the sheet " ; China has 70.9 per cent of the world ' s copper sheet production capacity in 2016, using this ratio to estimate the global demand for electronic sheeting:
\triangleright 2016 China has 60% of the global production capacity. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
On the basis of the above-mentioned assumptions, the ratio of China to China to the world’s copper sheet production, and the ratio of the production of the fabric, we estimate that the global demand for the electronic cortex in 2017 is estimated to be about 94.25 million tons.
\triangleright - global electronic bobble-clothing capacity estimated at 10.37 million tons in 2017, due to the high part of the capacity required by the electronic veil process \triangleright \triangleright
Cold-renovation and elimination of the effects of ineffectual capacity, with a current cap of about 80 per cent and a real capacity of about 830,000 tons. Global demand for electronic fibre-clothing in 2018 is expected to be about 106.27 million tons. Global capacity for electronic fibre-clothing in 2018 is expected to be about 111.76 million tons.
Release, with a ceiling of about 95 per cent and an actual capacity of 106.18 million tons. We expect that the global supply of and demand for electronic fibre fabrics will continue to be strained in 2017 and 2018. (ii) Downstream: national substitution and more flowering in downstream industries are the truth that the supply of products is inadequate.
The global pcb industry has undergone two major shifts, the first from Europe and the United States to Japan in the 1990s, and the second from China to China as a whole in or around 2010, with almost all of the world ' s leading pcb manufacturers now operating on the mainland, with China ' s mainland producing about 50 per cent of the world ' s product in 2016, and China ' s mainland as a major production base.
Figure 18: Per region per region per pcb in 2016 Figure 17: Global pcb industry path
The market is booming, opening up to the outside world, and the government’s policy of subsidising land is a good thing. China has the world’s most potential electronics terminals, consumer electronics, new-energy cars, communications, and servers, which determine the end sales of the pcb industry.
China has had a comparative advantage in recent years, although the cost of labour is no longer extremely low. In addition, China’s top business managers and technicians in mainland China, who are very rich and ambitious, are giving blood to the pcb industry, and are making a difference.
As one of the largest and first beneficiaries of the global pcb industry, a 10-fold increase in the number of businesses has emerged, which is of benefit to mainland pcb firms. Today, the continent’s pcb is growing in a much better environment than Taiwan, with domestic capital with capital, strong operations, and new equipment that will replace the already existing one.
The significance of the rise of the pcb company is that if we take “the number of the best pcb companies in the world” as a criterion for evaluating the strength of a region’s pcb industry, then we will be able to make a difference.
It took the Taiwan region more than a decade to get to the championship. The data show that in 2000 (the amount here is based on the location of the parent company) the Taiwan region had four of the top 25 pcb companies in the world, and by 2015 the number had increased to 10. Figure 19: Statistics on the number of the top 25 pcb companies in the world's annual income.
This ranking also reflects the pattern of mid-to-high-end markets, where most of the capital firms have established factories on the mainland, moving orders to the mainland, which dominates the market for medium-to-high-end products.
In an ongoing exit, the Hong Kong capital plant that entered the list was the Triad Industries Group, the global champion of copper. The environment in which Pcb grew up, before Pcb, which peaked around the year 2000, was replaced by the reason behind it.
First, the rise of Asia’s Four Dragons, where the region’s economic boom has driven demand for electronics, and where Taiwan has become a global heart in electronic manufacturing, which has led to the rapid growth of the pcb-backed industrial chain. Then the continent became a global electronic manufacturing centre, with pcb firms relying on the continent’s excellent environment for further development.
With the steady development of the economy and society, Taiwan's region's educational, scientific and research capabilities have been growing, and it has been a source of technology and management for the industrial community. In the 1990s, a group of powerful entrepreneurs emerged. They have now emerged as Taiwan's pcb enterprise. Since 2000, nearly 40 of Taiwan's upper-market pcb enterprises, such as Ding Ding, Ken Ding, Hing, South Asia and Han Woo, have emerged.
Chart 20: Taiwan ' s listed pcb company, members of this group have two typical growth features:
A starting point of scale: an annual income of 4 billion yuan, about 800 million yuan and $100 million, is also a ten-fold route for the Taiwan pcb enterprise, announced by Nti every year. In fact, the market is not well aware of the pcb industry.
Star companies are poor, even better, and we believe that future capital pcb manufacturers will come out of the same trajectory. The in-house capital pcb producers rise at the right time to look back at history, and the global pcb industrial center in the 1990s was transferred to Japan in the United States and then to Japan in the 1990s.
Bay, we judge that China’s mainland is replacing China’s pre-existing capital enterprises as the new world center. This alternative is being made from two dimensions, first, a regional shift in the downstream market of pcb, China’s replacement of Taiwan and Japan for new electronics manufacturing centres, and secondly, a structural shift in the size of China’s capital enterprises, which are no longer growing, declining numbers, and domestic firms.
The growth of domestic firms is better than that of Taiwan-owned enterprises, and the growth of mainland-owned pcb companies is now clearly better than that of the former. First, China is not only the first country to grow, but also China.
Whether it is the global electronics manufacturing centre or the most potential emerging markets for new energy vehicles and high-end communications, Chinese manufacturing is in the midst of an age-old transformation upgrade to raise standards and inputs for plant automation, and industrial transfers are occurring simultaneously in industries such as led, where the industry’s capital pcb is expected to be the most visible wave of innovation.
Second, China’s capital markets are more supportive than Taiwan, and the growing number of investors, the improved financing environment, and the continuous improvement of incentives such as workers’ holdings can help domestic capital, pcb, to accelerate the expansion of productive capacity, the development of talent, and technological upgrading. Moreover, a pool of powerful and productive entrepreneurs and technicians is emerging, generating more than $100 million in private enterprises.
Industry groups have also emerged, and domestic capital pcb firms, supported by the government, are uniting their efforts to innovate themselves, expand norms, and increase per capita efficiency in a virtuous competition. The industrial chain has been driven up and down by price and quality advantages to accelerate national production substitution. 45 domestic capital pcb firms in 2016, up from 11 in 2015, according to nti statistics.
China’s top-ranked corporate growth rate was 13.5%, and the world’s top 100 firms experienced an average decline of 2.1%; with the exception of Chinese firms, the world’s pcb firms experienced an average decline of 5.2%, with the best ranking of domestic capital pcb remaining 20-30%, with a huge potential for growth.
In terms of profitability, Māori rates, net interest rates, and roe are higher than those of Taiwan-owned enterprises for the following reasons: first, Māori rates are higher for domestic-owned pcb than for overseas-owned enterprises, and generally the equipment is newer than plants, more advanced production line design, higher automation, higher per capita output, lower manual impact and better performance.
Second, in-house capital pcb companies have adopted a small, multi-volume model, high capacity utilization, large production lines, insufficient flexibility, low start-up rates, and an impact on profitability.
Most of these firms have now developed to touch the ceiling after 10 years of gold. Because of the over-exploitation of large production lines in the early period, construction (and because many of the capital plants are tied to downstream blast products, orders are more concentrated and customers are more pressurized), it is now difficult to automate, and because of the high depreciation and maintenance costs and the rapid erosion of their profitability; and because the first generation of companies is faced with a new generation of companies.
Businesses have no successors, professional managers, and so on. Overall, the firm’s net profit, while still sustainable, falls sharply, with little willingness to reinvest, while the net profit of many firms falls earlier and more, and many of them are on the verge of losing, closing down and raising bad debts.
In the first half of 2017, China's top 10 pcb companies experienced a surge of 31 per cent, with 21 per cent growth in 2016 and 16 per cent growth in 2016.
By 2025, the number of firms entering the world ' s top 100 in capital pcb will reach 60, the double number and income ratio will be the highest, the number in the top 30 will occupy half, there will be clusters of enterprises earning more than $10 billion annually, and, overall, the inward capital pcb will have an alternative space of 150 billion yuan (lower) level.
According to statistics from our industry survey and third-party research agency, nti, the global market model for pcb in 2016 is about $76 billion, with communications, computers, consumer electronics, automobile electronics in order of importance and global markets projected for 2019.
The size may rise to about $97 billion, with smart households (small base), led (small base), car electronics growing at the fastest rate, with communications (catalyzing 5g) and consumer electronics (higher penetration rates, etc.) at the most rapid in the larger segment of the market, with a combined global pcb market of at least 8.47 per cent in the period 2017-2019.
According to our industrial studies, the downstream market is in a state of more than one flower, mainly in two dimensions of over-expected growth: first, growth in volume, higher penetration of new energy vehicles and acceleration of car digitization drive the carboard market; large-scale data centre construction, server state-owned substitution drive the server circuit board market: 5g development and commerce will drive the small base.
Station board market: Increased penetration rates will also lead to a new incremental market Second, higher prices, higher demand in downstream emerging areas, higher value-added circuit boards, such as super-high-high-end service, high-high-speed high-line density boards, high-frequency high-speed boards for small-scale stations, higher-speed smart-covering.
Models, high speeds, non-halogen panels, etc., Chart 28: pcb downstream breakdowns of market product characteristics Automotive plates - fast growth, potential market space
Automobile digitization, intelligence, and network connectivity are increasing, with electronic systems previously accounting for no more than 10 per cent of the total cost of the vehicle, and new electronic systems now account for an average of more than 40 per cent of the total cost of the car, and the higher the percentage of the money, making the carboard one of the fastest growing areas in the pcb industry in recent years.
After extensive industrial research, we measured the space of the motor panels accordingly. The core assumptions are: -The use of the motor panels consists mainly of ordinary cars and new energy vehicles. The size of the motor panels is shown in the tables, and the motor panels of the various systems of the new energy vehicles are shown in the graph.
b) In calculating the pcb area required for new-energy motor battery system cells, assuming the use of 1865 batteries, both positive and negative extremes would need to use pcb panels, as shown in the chart. d) Based on IAA data, by 2019, 5 per cent of luxury car production was made at gagr and 2 per cent of other vehicles.
By 2019, we expect the global car pcb market to reach $16.8 billion, or nearly 20% of the growth rate in the last three years. Since the technology for profit is the Copperboard Corporation, we estimate the market space for each segment of the plate based on the following assumptions:
Assuming an overall Māori ratio of 20 per cent in the pcb industry (1H2017 Māori ratio of pcb enterprises 14-32 per cent), assuming 65 per cent of the cost of pcb (actually 60-70 per cent) of raw materials, f=p\times(1-Yu)\times65\times35\% of raw materials f=p\times(1-%)\times65\times35\%)
f: Copperboard market space, billions of dollars p: pcb market space, billions of dollars, so we measure the market space for car electronics in 2017 at about $1.7 billion and in 2019 at about $3 billion.
led uses pcb - the pcb board (many metal base, radiated well) required for lighting and display of double-wheel-drive led products as a vehicle where electronic components are connected;
Chart 32: Led light module disassembly Chart 33: Led light module disassembly
In view of the fluctuations in the cost of process improvements and raw materials in recent years, we take an average price of $600 per square metre: a gradual increase in the share of the city of small space, the use of multiple floors such as 4/6 for small space, and the same increase in the price of pcb as light beads are reduced
The price is 1000 yuan per square metre. During the year, 16 per cent of the output of the direct-view type led video unit was cagr; on this basis, we expect the global outdoor led to show a 16 per cent increase in the volume of screen delivery by 2020:
According to the FutureSource statistics, the small indoor spacing of led in 2017 can be sold up to 58.5 million square metres, with compound growth over the next three years, with a major led light bulb power of 9w median, requiring about two 4.5 wled lightballs per 9w light bulb. Using b10led light cannon der-297 powered circuits, for example, each lamp drives approximately 720 square mm.
According to csarearch data, global demand for led light bulbs rose by 15 billion in 2017, an annual increase of 20 per cent. Figure 37: Led lighting space measurements 2017-2020 $2.2 billion in pcb market space, 2020 $3.6 billion, gagr = 18 per cent.
On this basis, we measure the market space for electronic car coatings in 2017 at about $40 billion, and in 2020 at about $650 million.
In order to facilitate the measurement of market space, we need to divide the base stations into three categories: family level, considering the number of households, penetration rate:
(b) The road level is used to supplement macro-based stations and to consider road mileage;
Chart 40: Wa's esymacro station Upper Lake: fa+d-fa: 20mtdl+15ctds
Fa:2*15w+d:2*30w shield
Passage: 212r, independent multi-sector, based on our industry research.
1. Assuming that each household has one base station at the household level. According to data from the China Financial Investigation and Research Centre of the Southwest Financial and Economic University, there are approximately 216.6 million homes in Chinese cities and towns, with a penetration rate of 20-40 per cent at the base station level of approximately 4.392-878 million, with a median population of 6.588 million. In 2016, China ' s population was 18.90 per cent of the world ' s population.
At present, there are 60 billion square metres of buildings in the country, of which 56.3 billion square metres of residential space, minus 3.7 billion square metres of building space that can be considered as enterprise-level land. According to Chinese data, the size of the base site covers approximately 1256 square metres, and the demand for the market for the base station at the enterprise level is estimated at 2.94 million in China.
3. Global road mileage is about 68.93 million kilometres, and, according to Chinese product data, the road level base station covers about 2.5 kilometres and has three cylinders.
We estimate that, after the commercialization of 5g, pcb market space will reach $9.1 billion globally. On this basis, we estimate the market space for 5g pcb, which is about $1.66 billion.
Despite the low rate of growth in total global server output, new changes are taking place in the global server market as a result of the rise in big data, artificial intelligence and cloud computing, the construction of mega-data centres providing security for aggregate demand, the emergence of technologies such as artificial intelligence, the opening of new markets for high-performance, high-value-added servers and the promotion of data by industries based on the need for the clouding of office processes.
The number of mega-data centres (over 10,000 standard racks) will increase from 300 in 2016 to 485 by 2020, with an internal flow increasing fivefold.
In 2016, China ' s mega-data centre ranked second in the world. According to the idc circle, the annual average compound growth rate of the global data centre for 2012-2017 was 17.39%, and China 39.57%, which grew at a much higher rate than the international level.
Figure 43: Number of megadata centres in all regions of the world 2015-2020 High performance calculations, based on our industry research: The State Department ' s New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Development Plan clearly states that by 2030, the core artificial intelligence industry will exceed 1 trillion
In terms of total global and Chinese server arrivals: global server arrivals have increased steadily, gagr = 3.9%, of which the Chinese market has the highest rate of growth, gagr = 8.6%.
The Chinese market has seen an increasing share of domestic brands, providing domestic production support space for pcb’s industrial chain. The national production server’s flagship wave, which collected gagr = 44% in 2013-2016, is one of the main end-users of the technology.
To calculate the global server's pcb market space, we have a core assumption from industry research: the most commonly used server, the pcb board, for example, needs to be high-frequency high-speed, with more than 16 floors. According to idc, the global server delivery was about 3.91% in gagr in 2016-2020.
On this basis, we measure that the global market for servers will be about $6 billion by 2020, with a compound growth rate of about 4% between 2017 and 2020. So the market space for servers will be about $980 million in 2017 and around 2020.
Smart phones -- the largest fpc market, smartphones are one of the largest segmented markets in the pcb industry, and the top six major customers of the fpc manufacturers worldwide are Apple.
In order to measure this market space, we divide the smartphones into fpc and rpcb, the fpc section, based on industry research, and make the core assumption: 1.iphonexfpc is about 20 pieces, single machine is about $30, three star high end mobile is about 30 dollars.
The other branded high-end fpc single machine is worth about $6, and the low-end machine (including Samsung) is $3.
Figure 49: iPhone8 Dismantling, according to our calculations, the size of the global fpc market for smartphones is approximately $13.4 billion by 2019.
The smartphone forecast is from idc, and the average size of the cell phone is estimated to be about 5 E. 2. Except for apples and tristars, which have only the main panel and are currently largely designed by the main by-board; on this basis, we make smartphone measurements using the rpcb market space:
Figure 52: Global smartphone market space from 2017 to 2019. Overall, smartphone space from pcb from 2017 to 2019 totalled $144, 15,15.5 billion, or approximately 5 per cent of Gagr. The corresponding market space from 2017 to 2019 was $26.0, 27.1, 2.83 billion.
The tablet is still a non-negligible segment of the pcb industry, similar to smartphones, and we split it into rpcb for the market.
The size of the screen tablet. 2. fpc single machine values are based on industry studies, and the amount of ipad softboards is about 10 pieces per table, similar to that of the three-star high-end machine. Other brands have a relatively small unit value.
Figure 53: ipad disassembly, according to our calculations, the market size of the global flat-plating computer at the fpc is about $700 million by 2019.
Figure 55: Rpcb market space for global tablet computers 2017-2019 Overall, the tablet market space for pcb 2017-2019, totalling $9.78, 9.24, 948 million, remained stable.
While the picture as presented by the Network is not yet fully visible to us, the smart wears the market is actually at a fast-growing stage, with endpoints such as smart watches, smart handrings, bluetooth earphones, head-dressing monitors (such as htcvive), and we make the core assumption for calculating this segment of the market space:
2. On the basis of the industry study of the rigid and flexible market prices, quantity and area required for each product, as shown in the table, we measured 3 billion United States dollars in 2017, 11.9 billion United States dollars in 2019 and 70 per cent in gagr, corresponding to 550 million United States dollars in 2017 and 2.16 billion United States dollars in 2019.
The smart sound box -- the 10-fold-growth market in six years -- is the core assumption of our industry research: the Amazon's choshow as an example.
(b) According to industry studies, the value of the fpc single machine in Choshow is approximately $6.
With pcb market space in 2016 US$90 million, in 2022 US$90 million, or about 47% of gagr. The corresponding copper board market space is US$20 million in 2016 and US$ 165 million in 2022.
The market for the 2017-2019 USD 30 billion in incremental market time, the corresponding market space for the 2017-2019 copper plate increment is about 5.5 billion, the concentration of the copper sheet industry is high, the advantage of the leading companies is constantly gaining in the hands of the competition, the copper sheet is a high concentration industry, and we have been miscounted by third-party research agencies on the market about the market's share of the market.
Recalculations have been made, and the current global copper-plating industry stands at about 42.8%, with a stable pattern that has changed little over the past five years. The most rapid price reductions have been made over the top of the plate, with $6.4 billion reported in 2017, or +20%.
Quick. About $4.8 billion, or 20%, was reported in 2017.
South Asia, the middle-and-high-end market in the United States, is a major player in technology for profit, with South Asia as well as a whole-of-the-industry chain layout. Another company has almost all of its income from Apple’s mobile phone board (up to 10 floors of hdi).
First, because of the spread of downstream customers (the top 10 clients earn only 20% of their total income), front-line copper-plate suppliers can increase their profits by adjusting their product structure to ensure start-up rates, with flexibility to adjust their prices according to the order. The technology-based pricing mechanisms are more neutral than those of other companies in the same industry, and the price increases and falls are moderate, in line with the company’s customer-oriented business strategy.
On top of that, maintaining a relatively stable price facilitates the establishment of a long-term friendly relationship of cooperation with clients and, in turn, enhances the ability of companies to counter the risks of price volatility in the industry, which we believe is the quality and advantage of technology-generating technologies, which the market does not fully understand as a source of internal capital for supply chain management, thereby safeguarding the former by long-term cooperation agreements with upstream suppliers.
In August 2017, Guangdong and the Taiwan Group signed a letter of intent for strategic cooperation, which is an old technology-generating company that has long-standing partnerships with copper cappers (the country’s top ten copper-pill suppliers), and we believe that the scarcity of raw materials and price volatility are in the best interest of technology to achieve its competitive advantage.
In terms of profitability, profitability, operating capacity, cash flow, the profit technology Māori rate, net interest rate of the main manufacturer, according to the data reported in mid-2012-2017, is the fourth highest, and the benefits of the technology are actually the result of the relatively small size of the King's financial system, with more than 90 per cent of the revenue coming from Apple mobile phones.
Roughness remains a leader in the same market positioning, similar income-sized plants (South Asia, Singapore, Taiyo, etc.). Roe’s situation is essentially the same as profit rates, indicating that profit technology is ahead of business-like competition in terms of capital returns.
In South Asia, the share of revenues from plastic coating operations was only 9 per cent, with a shorter accounting period for the chemical products in its main business, so the turnover of accounts receivable was significantly ahead; in terms of stock turnover, the stock turnover rates were more advanced, with the benefits of technology being higher than in Taiwan, and shorter than the build-up of the titanium slabs.
In terms of cash flows, the sales of goods, cash/business income received for the supply of services and the sale of goods and services from the SIT and the KGSF 2012-1h2017 are equal to over 100, indicating that the cash received in the company’s main business is converted into income, that the cash flow is of high quality, and that the 2012-1h2017 value is more stable, suggesting that the growth in corporate income is not achieved through a relaxation of sales policy.
This value is relatively low due to the small size of the collection, but is also relatively stable, indicating that the overall development of the industry is healthy.In 2012-2016, the value of net cash flows/net operating income from profit-making and technology operations, although available in the form of cash in 2012, was higher than the value of net cash flows/net operating income from operating activities during that period, mainly
This is also due to the relatively low net earnings of the company, which also indicates that the net profits of the company ' s main business can be obtained in cash, and that China ' s net profits in recent years have fluctuated considerably, resulting in high net cash flow/net operating gains from business activities in the form of capital, port-based copper-plating plants in 2012-2016.
The reasons for this are different in South Asia, where the high value is due to the fact that the business also involves chemicals, etc., in addition to the higher cash inflows resulting from the operation of the plant, as well as income from other products other than the copper coatings, the low net profitability of the plant, which is generally between 5 and 6 per cent, almost one half of the domestic plant, except for the light (12 per cent).
The competitive advantages of productive technology: barriers, flexibility, supply chain management (i) copper ceilings are hidden high barriers products, companies have made no effort to invest in R & D, markets are biased against the copper cap industry, and the truth is in the hands of a few.
The copper sheet industry is actually an area of high technology content, and specifically, the core difficulty in the copper board production is the design of the formulation platform. It includes, but is not limited to, the dicy solidification system, pn solidification system, cyanate sequesteration system, non-halogenated system, and about ten. Each sub-series of recyclable formulation systems varies and needs to be adapted and optimized in accordance with customer requirements, with no accumulation for decades.
If you can't make a copper sheet, the new entrants will make a copper sheet, possibly with the same raw material, and make a plate that has a base collapse, a crack, and so on. There's a lot of certification, like ul certification, that can take up to eight months to market. These formulation platforms are one of the keys to achieving performance requirements.
Reliability (extreme environmental adaptive), processability (too important that the formula does not have punctures and collapses of current technologies are now the first in the country and the second in the world in copper sheet production, and companies have always spared no effort in investing in R & D, amounting to $310 million, $330 million and $370 million, respectively, in 2014-2016, with R & D rates at all levels.
The top six of the industry chain of inside capital plus pcb, the top of the copper board, and the top five, with the exception of the top 4958.tw, the second-largest pcb company in the world, earn less than profit technology. Continued high investment, coupled with ongoing cooperation with leading institutions at home and abroad, has enabled companies to make a sustained breakthrough on new products.
Other tasks are research technology, which is equivalent to the criticisms of professors and doctors at higher education institutions. The company’s products get a better reputation for their clients, and it can only pick up the list when the demand for the product exceeds the demand, and the market believes that the copper sheet products remain the same for a few years.
To adapt to new functions, new products tend to follow the registration model of the product, as re-registration increases many costs. The company ' s layout on the new product includes:
Production processes, specialized equipment, technology, patents, trademarks, etc., have been signed with the Korean lg. At the end of 2018, 1.5 million m2 of high-frequency board (ptfe) capacity was built, with a value of 6 times that of ordinary board.
At the end of 2018, a project with an annual capacity of approximately 240,000 m2 of enveloped base plate (bt) materials was completed, mainly for the use of PV modules in electrical terminals. (ii) Company production lines are more flexible than competitors.
Compared to profit technology, Japanese and Taiwan-based copper-plate manufacturers are mostly co-located with end-users such as apples, high concentration of orders, high client pressure, such as the fact that almost all of the income of the station is generated by the iphone order. This has resulted in huge, solar-rich production lines, difficulties in automating production lines, and, if orders are reduced, too low capacity, including copper in South Asia.
The advantage of technology is that it is based on a small multi-volume strategy, with a wide downstream client industry and a fair share of key client orders, and that, in the design of production lines, companies are more flexible in adjusting to large orders, which can be delivered in a concentrated manner.
(iii) Company supply chain management & procurement strategy is forward-looking. Technology for profit has a dedicated supply chain management, upstream and large raw material manufacturers have signed cooperation agreements to eliminate procurement costs.
The risk of a significant increase is that there is no shortage of raw materials in the current period of supply shortage, which is generally guaranteed upstream. In addition, companies have a reasonable use of inventory instruments, with forward-looking expectations of higher prices of raw materials in 2017, which have led to an earlier increase in procurement of copper and electronic fibre fabrics, with inventories increasing by 45 per cent in the previous three quarters, effectively reducing procurement costs.
On the downstream side, the company has a dedicated staff and pcb manufacturers and end-users who interface, maintain relationships, serve customers first, understand downstream needs, follow the pace of downstream innovation, work with clients to develop new products for the sustainable growth of the company, and we have the following table for the production of the company:
A steady growth in the production of the copper sheet industry, with the Chinese region leading the world: according to Japan ' s jms, the global value of the coatings increased by 10 per cent in 2020 over 2016, with 21.8 per cent in the Chinese region, well above the national production replacement and the rising demand from downstream emerging sub-sectors as core drivers of growth: the global pcb chain to China
The shift, the need for a national production package for the coatings, and our calculations suggest that the segmented market of automobiles, telecommunications stations, cloud computing data centres, consumer electronics, etc., will generate more than $5 billion in increment in the copper-plating industry, number two (about 16%).
One is that, given the narrow supply of raw materials and the competitive advantage of leading firms, the technology for profit will benefit from an overall increase in industry concentration: considering the competitive advantage of the technology for profit among medium- and high-end producers, we believe that the company's share in the market at the middle and high-end will increase further.
Output utilization rate: product supply continues to be in short supply, with a capacity utilization rate of 95 per cent. Sales rate: company sales rate of 102 per cent in 2016, assuming that this position is maintained. Price: copper sheeting and semi-solidated plate sales, with approximately 1.5-1.8 metres per piece of copper coating.
Based on ih2017 sales of a variety of copper plates of 34,476,779 square metres and revenues of $3.990 billion, it is estimated that the sales price per square metre of copper and semi-solidated tablets is $114.79, taking into account the stringent supply of upstream raw materials, higher demand for the industry segment, such as downstream automobiles and electronics, and a growing share of higher value added products from companies.
Māori: As the expansion of the company’s capacity has increased, the city’s share has increased, the share of high value added products has increased, the capacity utilization rate has remained high, good rates have risen, and the company’s Māori rate has increased somewhat. Printing circuit board operations: E-products will reach 108 million m3/year in 2018, an increase of about 40% in the same year.
Downstream demand has fallen short of expectations, capacity expansion has fallen short of expectations, and industry competition has intensified.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.