On December 14th, 2020, what kind of company is Fukuyo?
Growing to be a leading business in the industry. 1) Cost control is strong, Māori maintenance is high and performance continues to grow. 2) Management is stable, equity concentration is high, and long-term development advantages are evident. 3) Specialized layout is global, Europe, the United States, base building, and better servicing of the entire garage.
▪ What's a car glass? The car glass is divided into three types of laminates, steel, semi-steel, covering the four main parts of the front of the car, covering the wind, skylights, and side windows. Apart from the basic weather shield, the car glass has been derived and is shown in an image with Hud, with an atmosphere light, glass antenna,
Three things are the most valuable. Of its cost composition, the first-level split is made up mainly of floats, the second-level split base material is the largest, energy and man-made costs are followed by lower overall cost elasticity.  How is the car glass industry? 1) Industry size: measured, the current global car glass market regulations
Models are close to 100 billion levels, long-term dimensions (5-10 years), high-value-added functional integration + single-car size rises, and the market size is expected to double by 200 billion. 2) Competition patterns: Oligopolies of Xinzi, Tsumi, Fukuoka, San Goban, Sin Si Glass, close to 80% in 2019.
By region (2019), the Chinese market is unique to Fukuyo, with over 60 per cent of the city; the European market, San Goban+Puanzi, with 80 per cent of the cr2; and the United States market pattern is more complex, with five leaders and local firms such as Vitro and Gadian competing, with a ratio of 77 per cent.
3) Future trends: Xinzi is the largest and the industry is temporarily ahead; Fukuyo has three advantages: a high Māori rate + high R& D/capital input + the overall layout of the US market, with greater opportunities for future growth. Where is  Fukuyo’s future performance?
This is expected to lead to a 50% increase in the size of the car glass bicycle and a $200 increase in the value of the car. 2) The lead business is expected to recover in the wake of the upswing of the domestic car market and the epidemic.
The business is now integrated, relying on the European market, in combination with its own advanced management mechanisms, to open up a new space for the growth of aluminium. Value-added + bicycle-area growth and the opening of American market operations, and we will be able to achieve high performances in the future.
For the first time, the company should have enjoyed a higher valuation premium. For the first time, it was covered, with a “buy-in” rating for the glorified glass.
(i) The size of the automobile glass market is stable in the long term and will not increase much in the future. We do not think so: with the changes in the industry, the size of the market is expected to double in a new round of dividends. In the automobile-related parts industry, the car glass has a large surface area and low unit prices.
According to the survey, the size of the glass has increased by 15% over the last decade, and there is a continuing trend to increase. Starting in 2020, in the context of an electric, intelligent industry, a fleet of smart electric cars led by Tesla is expected to bring about the emergence of new functions such as the screen/glass roof, the Hud, the glass antenna, etc.
Further, the emergence of the concept of car -- the second private space -- in the context of intellectualization imposes higher requirements for car privacy, comfort and safety. Accordingly, glass insulation, thermal insulation, heating, aversion to water, etc. will certainly open up larger growth spaces in the future.
We do not believe that the global automobile production/sales market is dominated by the Central, American, and European regions, which account for more than 50% of the world’s automobiles. Carglasses tend to be concentrated close to the entire production base because of higher transport costs, and therefore form part of the concentration in these three areas.
Auto-glass manufacturers. Including China’s Fukuga and Sini Glass, Japan’s Xia and Slate Nico, and France’s San Gobane. The largest global market is Xinzi, with larger markets in the Americas, South Asia, Europe, etc., and the markets for San Goiban and Sumishi are mainly concentrated in Europe, while the markets for Fyoshi and Sini Glass are concentrated in Asia, dominated by China.
By comparison, Fukuyo has the highest concentration in the automotive glass business, thanks to lower production costs in the domestic market and good managerial skills, the highest Māori rate, and the corresponding higher net interest rate; Fyo layout upstream floating glass and silicon sand production, key plastics and equipment autonomous R & D manufacturing, with the potential to grow in share, the most competitive, the most competitive, the most competitive,
At the same time as the internal business continues to grow, Fukuyo accelerates the opening of overseas markets and has greater scope for future development.
Fukuyo Glass is a supplier of car parts and components focused on the production of car glass, mainly in automobile-grade floating, in the development, production and sale of glass and car glass products, which not only match domestic car brands, but become German, modern South Korea, Mitsubishi, Toyota and Suzuki, U.S. General and Fukugi international brands.
Founded in 1987, Fukuyo received the first barrel of gold from the domestic market for am car parts, and then went to Oem to complete the car with a car supplement for cars like Jetta and the East Wind and Snow Dragon. It also expanded overseas and successfully opened the United States market. Then Fukuyo confirmed that his own car glass supplier was positioned on the entire industry chain to build its own floating line of production.
Downstream, gradually narrow business lines, deep-deep car glass, solidified domestic markets while opening up overseas, and now a worldwide production and marketing network covering domestic, Russian, German, American, Japanese, Hong Kong, China, etc., has been set up, with the bodies of guests all over the world.
In the context of the rapid growth of the automobile market, the company has also entered the rapid growth phase, while the company has seized the opportunity to introduce the floating glass production technology of the United States appg Industries Company, thereby entering the upstream phase of automobile glass production.
Camp products provide a relatively stable source of raw glass. The 2008-2018 period was a steady development: the company took advantage of the declining profitability of its international competitors and the shrinking capital spending opportunities in the wake of the financial crisis to build up a car glass manufacturing and floating system in the United States and Russia.
Aluminium manufacturing plant. New profit growth point creation phase 2019 so far; in 2019, Fukuyo glass acquired the assets of its upstream manufacturer of car zero parts, German sam. Sam mainly produced aluminium products such as aluminium bars, aluminium travel racks, and was the world’s leading aluminum alumni expert whose aluceram technology was currently the only popular and Audi’s highest demand.
The plating process, which can be integrated with aluminum bars, can play a synergizing role in customer resources, supply channels, etc. In addition, the aluminium plating bicycles, worth 150-200 euros, are close to two to three times the current vehicle glass, creating a new profit growth point for the flavours.
Equity is concentrated and management is stable. Fuyo was listed in a stock/h stock in 1993/2015 and reported in mid-2020, with 62.10% of the top ten shareholders in the company, an average of more than 20 years of service for the company’s senior management, and the company’s board of directors, supervisory boards, executives, etc. are dominated by master’s degrees.
In the area of car glass, the company has launched four main panels covering the Hud ups, soundproof glass, hot glass, water-abominable glass, light glass, glass antenna, panoramic skylight, 14 different types of car front, rear, etc.
By the high-quality client base of the car glass, the Fulbright Extension has been moving up the chain to auto-grade floats, effectively controlling cost fluctuations, and ensuring profitability. While domestic operations have continued, Fulbright has accelerated the opening of overseas markets, rising from 28% in 2006 to nearly 50% in 2019, with real growth in ownership.
The company has 57 subsidiaries worldwide, including 45 production-based, 11 commercial-based and one R & D-based enterprise. 45 production-based enterprises cover major automobile production bases in the country, Europe, North America, etc.
There are five floating companies, such as Fukugi, Ben Creek, Tung Liao, Chongqing, and the U.S. Floating Act, as well as three silicon silicon silica companies, such as the upper Hainan, the Pufu Yoo silicon, and the Fukuoka. They also include Fysam Autocades Ltd., the Gang.
Eight auto-aluminium apparel companies, such as Suffor and Fukuyo Automotive aluminium, and their counterparts in Fukuyo and Aluminum Ltd., are well equipped. Eleven commercial and trade services are located mainly in the production bases of North America, Japan, Germany, and Russia, supporting the sale of carbs and aluminium accessories.
Powerful cost control, high profitability. With many years of deep-deep farming, glazing glass has now become a leading enterprise in the domestic car glass market and has been listed as the top five in the international car industry with four manufacturers: Sangoban, Pitsuko, Xinjiko, Shinyo, and the city is second only to Xiaoyu.
Nitros (2019, affected by the downside of the domestic market, the global share of the city fell to third). Since 2000, there has been a steady and positive growth in the overall net return profit from the glorified glass. The business income of 2000-2019 has been consolidated annually, focusing on raising the Māori rate.
This led to a significant decline in the company’s 07-08 floating glass price. As a result, the company phased out its other operations, focused on the production of the carbs, returned the funds, and upgraded several building and floating glass lines to car-grade floating glass lines.
The focus on business integration has led companies to dig deep into a single industry, to expand production-scale effects, and to increase the Māori rate. Up and down the industry chain cover, further stabilizing costs. 1) With regard to car glass, the floating glass structure is the largest, and the Fukugi, Chongqing, and others are enjoying the construction of floating glass plants in the city of Tombao, Bents Creek, Fuqing, Chongqing, Illinois, USA, etc.)
With regard to floating glass, there is a great deal of benefit in setting up silicon sand production bases in Hainan Wenchan, Hunanjipur, Liaoning Ben Creek. 3) With regard to aluminium accessories, there is a great deal of benefit in setting up a fine aluminium production base in Tunyo. Upstream and downstream industrial chains are fully covered, further synergizing, stabilizing costs and increasing returns.
Strengthening internal governance and stabilizing cost spending. The three major costs of sales/management/finance, as a proportion of revenue, have remained relatively stable overall since 2000. The internal structure of the three costs shows that the ratio of financial costs has changed considerably over the years and has gradually decreased in recent years; the cost of sales has remained essentially constant and is directly related to the collection; and the management costs have increased overall, at the core.
The reason for this is that the company’s size is growing and its expenditure on normal management operations is rising faster. Taken together, the share of the company’s spending on three fees is more constant, and internal controls are being strengthened to ensure the company’s level of profitability.
It accounts for more than 4% of total revenue, far higher than the share of competing firms in the same international market. It continues to pre-empt the development of new technologies in the market, and it has the power to keep the industry at the top, building strong barriers to competition. 2) Fukuyo plans capital investment in fixed assets in a rational way according to the direction of his own market expansion, and construction works account for a higher proportion of total revenue.
The new car glass project in Suzhou was launched into the German sam alumni business in 2019. Sustained high capital investment provides a solid basis for expansion, weakens cyclical changes in the expansion of chemical capacity, emphasizes steady and sustained release, and deepens the moat. Figure 10: Sustained high R & D investment/billion yuan
Figure 11: Changes in construction in previous years and percentage of revenue/billion yuan Reconstructing a car-wide enterprise, with a quick, real-time response to improve customer stickyness. The automotive glass industry is characterized by three main features: strong productivity + simple production + transport difficulties, and therefore production of gas in the vicinity of the Toyoem plant.
Carglass not only reduces transport difficulties, but also allows for real-time follow-up of the factory’s production plans, the provision of better-quality services, and helps to stabilize the company’s supply chain and enhances customer stickyness. As a result, Fukuyo has a car glass production base in the country’s major vehicle production areas, including the north-east, north-east, Guangdong, Shanghai, Chongqing, etc., close to oems.
2. What are the car windows? 2.1. What are the categories of car glass?
Automobile glass is one of the most important parts of the car, with a surface area of about one third of the surface area of the vehicle. 1) Depending on the area of application, car glass can be divided into four large parts of the front wind, back wind, side window, and skylight.
The ubiquitous development of the skyscreen/full glass roof is at a dry-up period. (2) Depending on the method of manufacture and the use used, car glass can be divided into three types of glass, steel glass, and semi-steeled glass. The glass is made of two or more layers of glass that are transparently glued to one or more layers of glass.
Material (usually pvb membrane) glued glass products with high shock resistance and glue strength, which are not broken into small pieces after impact and are therefore often used in front windshields. Steeled glass is used to ignite glass by heating it and cooling it quickly, generating internal stress from the glass, generating pressure from the outer surface, whole.
The difference between a regional steel glass and a steel glass glass is that it is cooled evenly, the glass's main view is different from the strength of the surrounding area, and steel is different. The steel glass and the regional steel are different.
The glass is usually used in areas other than the front wind. 2.2. What are the functions of the car glass? From a functional point of view, as the industry progresses, the car glass is derived from a basic wind shield that includes insulation, insulation, etc.
Seven types of soundproofing, heating, abominable water, modulation, glass antennas, and animated lamps (not including the hud front windshield). Among these, soundproofing, insulation, etc., are more prevalent in cars, but are less standard and less functionally effective. 2.3. What is the cost structure of the car glass?
The process is more mature and the cost structure is less resilient. From a cost point of view, the largest part of the cost structure of a car glass is a floating glass plate, and the largest part of the floating glass cost structure is an energy plate. In a combination of retrospective sources, the cost of a car glass is larger to smaller: other raw materials, energy, manufacturing costs, labour costs, pure alkaline and so on.
Silicon sands. Other raw materials, pure alkaline and silicon sands are based on materials that are less cost-resilient, with labour costs and energy costs that differ more internationally. Domesticly, labour costs are lower, but energy costs are relatively high.
3.1. The world ' s hundreds of billions of markets, which are expected to double in 2030, are estimated in 2019 to be close to 90 billion in total car glass market sizes, and combined with post-salem markets, have reached hundreds of billion.
Short-term dimensions (within three years), the core logic of the future increase in the volume of bicycles is: 1) general skylights are moving towards the landscape, leading to an increase in the size of the vehicle; 2) motor “private” trends are increasing the number of sound insulations, heat insulations, and glass antennas, thereby increasing the value of single square metres. Seven functions are based on single square metres.
Airlights, modifier, glass antennas, abominable water, sound insulation (over 45 db, currently not achieved on the market), heating, insulation, depending on the size of the serviceable area; soundproofing, heating, radiating, glass antennas, abominable water, insulation, atmosphere lamps; difficulty and necessity (higher penetration rate) based on wide coverage
In descending order, the atmosphere lights, radiating light, glass antennas, abominable water, heating, insulation, sound insulation. It can be judged that, at 2030 dimensions, seven functional bicycles are in descending order of value increment: radiating, soundproofing, glass antennas, atmosphere lamps, insulation, heating, odious water, and the pre-hud windshield is between abominable water and heating.
The core logic behind the long-term (5-10 years) dimension of the increase in the value of car glass bicycles is that (1) the panorama (1 m2) is gradually becoming more prevalent, with a gradual increase in the penetration rate of glass roofs (2.5 m2) based on aesthetic, light-quantifiable and wind resistance considerations, and that the size of car glass bicycles is now nearly 50 per cent higher; (2) further development of the smart network, 5g communications
In the context of the increased penetration of the glass antenna and the increased value added of the windshield before and after the windshield, 3) the concept of car “second private space” has been further promoted, with cosmopolitan, sound insulation, light modulation, and private features added, and the overall size of the glass is expected to increase considerably.
The volume of glass bicycles is expected to eventually rise to a level of 2000-3000 yuan. Considering the permeability of the functions and the corresponding increase in the value of the bicycles in 2020-2030 (in absolute terms, an increase in future values compared to the current market price of bicycles) is expected to be as follows:
3.2.1. Global pattern distribution: Condom monopolies, high market concentration, global pattern of car glass, with the city ranked first as Xinzi, followed by titanium, Fukuoka, San Goban, Sini Glass, five companies with a cumulative market share of nearly 80 per cent, with production sold all over the world
The Ximino Group of Japan (Agc): The international pole is strong. World glass production is second in scale, car glass sales are first, and automobile glass revenues in 2019 equalled about 25 billion yuan.
One of the cars uses agc car glass, mainly for standard safety and comfort, in the direction of an information-to-letter car glass solution. Three major vehicle glass development bases have been set up in North America, Europe, Japan, and there are a total of 21 in China 3, India 4, Japan 3, Thailand 1, Europe 6, North America 3, Africa 1, South America 1.
Production base, strong. The main product lines include two types of glass: glass in lattes and glass in steel, and the main product of glass in lattes, including soundproof glass, infrared cutting glass, fogproof glass, conductive closed windshield, transparent conductive windshield, hud windshield, lighten glass; the main product of steel glass consists of 99 per cent of anti-violet glass, and abominable water glass.
Clients include Audi, BMW, Chrysler, the general public, Fiat, Benz, Toyota, Honda, Japanese Volvo, Tesla, etc., covering basically all car manufacturers around the world. Equity structure is stable, institutional holdings are oriented towards 5g and LIDar (laser radar) systems as the main products.
As a result, the Automotive Chamber of Commerce combines acoustics and optical sensors to ensure safety and redundancy and, on that basis, has a good design for building the core competitiveness of the next generation of car glass products. The front windshields can be integrated into a large number of sensors.
Xinsu is one of the key strategic areas. It is based on infrared technology that produces ir glass for use in Lidar and extends to glass bars, b-pillars, and lidar shields to achieve the 360-degree horizon under the Sensor Integration Technology Program. The solution is that: 1) the infrared-head pump is up to 92%.
Performance is better than that of other products; 2) UV tolerance, anti-sweeping; 3) integration of active heating and waterproof coatings to counteract adverse weather environmental impacts; 4) higher installation positions provide a better perspective and reduce total costs. On the 5g side, Xinitium produces glass antennas for stable high-speed mobile communications. As early as 2018, Xitro is the world's first-ever nitrous.
Construction of glass antennas for the next 8gbps5g communication. Polls compatible with the 5g28ghz band have been designed and developed.
Nsg: Positive change in response to industry. Founded in 1919 as the world’s second largest supplier of car glass, after Xiamin, and the world’s largest vehicle replacement glass (ammarket) factory. Its main business is construction glass, car glass, and high-performance glass blocks, with production spread across Asia and the United States.
In Europe and Europe, the United Kingdom, for example, acquired Pirkinton in 2000 to enter the European market and maintain a high market share. In 2019, the sale of car glass amounted to JPY 31,4.6 billion, equivalent to RMB 20.2 billion, or 51.4 per cent of the company ' s total, of which Asia, Europe and the Americas accounted for 11.52 per cent, 22.9 per cent, and 17.0 per cent respectively, representing a share of the sale value of RMB 9,067/45 billion.
A stable power structure, with an absolute advantage in institutional ownership. Fit for new quadrupling needs, clear direction. Panchrome car glass is divided into three main plates: 1) Automation: with the penetration of adas autopilot support systems, car systems need higher specifications and larger lasers, cameras, etc.
Sensor equipment, plate nitrates have extensive experience in the high optical quality control required for sensors and the high requirement for the use of environmental glass manufacturing to protect them from external environmental temperatures, frosty, etc.; (2) Electrodynamicity In the context of developments, energy-saving types to ensure high continuity of navigation require the consumer to choose the first element of an electric vehicle.
The use of internal combustion engines for power generation to control car heating and cooling, and the realization of the same functions in electric cars will increase the consumption of motor vehicles and reduce the range of miles they can continue. So solar switching glass and low-radiation glass are also one of the priorities for the future development of Nsg: 3) Sharing: shared travel is expanding in cities, car connectivity is increasing rapidly, companies develop glass antennas.
France’s San Gobán Group (saint-gobain): the size of the group has declined slightly, and the future focus may be tilted towards construction. One of the world’s industry’s top 100, which involves car glass, glass packaging, insulation of sound, glass enhancement of fibres, pottery.
The main buildings and construction materials in the areas of plastics, mills, plumbing systems and the distribution of building materials. Sales in 2019 amounted to Euro42.6 billion, equivalent to about RMB34.8 billion, while the revenue from the automobile glass business was relatively small, at about 5%, i.e., the car glass product was concentrated in energy saving and comforting experiences.
Insulation, sound insulation, UV protection, light-quantified glass. Teslamodel3, front and back, and skylight, glass, came from San Goban. The Pelican Car Main Vehicle, G3, was also equipped with a large-scale windshield provided by San Goban, the country's first vehicle to use a large full-size windshield in a volume truck.
Glass manufacturers. The company ' s glass design highlights energy conservation, safety and comfort: 1) reduced energy consumption, increased safety and comfort. Its glass is used through fire, pressure, colouring or coating with special performance coatings that help to reduce the energy consumption of vehicles and meet the growing user demand for safety and comfort; 2) specialized in car glazing.
In addition to its glass windows, the company produces and sells professional car-class in addition to beauty and protection of the privacy of passengers, it also protects heat, ultraviolet, and saves energy from sunlight; 3) it designs glass cotton products to insulate sound and fire. For cars, trucks, and buses, the company designs specific glass cotton products, these products.
A combination of cost-effective, light, high sound insulation and insulation and fire protection functions; 4) The company's safety glass is almost entirely available for the latest popular Pasart vehicles, which upgrades the vehicle's fog removal and insulation performance by installing heating and reflective windshields. In addition, the company also provides hot and light windshields.
Sini Glass: The annual rate of income from automobile glass is falling and the focus is shifting to the am market. Shini Glass is an international automobile glass production company listed in the Hong Kong stock market, whose main operations include floating glass, car glass and building glass, which forms the chain of integrated production and marketing of high-quality floating glass and downstream processed glass products.
China and Asia are in the lead; in the area of car glass, products such as solar-x thermal reflectors, front windcoated glass, steel glass, tungsten-coated glass, etc. are mainly produced, with a market share of about 25 per cent in the global market for replacement of car glass; they are sold mainly to mainland China, Hong Kong, China, North America, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, and others.
Countries such as Central and South America. In the future, companies are actively deepening the business strategy of diversified and differentiated product portfolios, expanding the value-added product mix, such as niche glass, and focusing on enhancing the product share of high-quality special floating glass so that the whole portfolio can better adapt to the volatile market environment.
Figure 23: Convincing glass equity structure (2020.06) 3.2.2. China ' s market: stable pattern, leading by Fukuyo, steady growth in the car market, with 60% of the Fukuyo package. China is the largest vehicle sales in the world.
One, in 2018, sold up to more than 28 million vehicles, or about 28% of the global total. On a pro rata basis (the average domestic car glass price is $164 per square metre, compared to $34 per square metre worldwide, converted to $238 per square metre), China’s total car glass market is $18.3 billion, of which the full-scale oem market is about $16.4 billion, with a 63 per cent share in Fukuyo market.
In comparison with developed countries or regions such as the United States, Europe and the United States, our per capita vehicle holdings are low, 187/1,000 in 2019, well below the 800+ in the United States, and there is much room for future growth. It is expected to reach 30 million by 2030.
2) Increase in the value of a bicycle kit: within the next 5-10 years, the electric motorization has spread rapidly, the benefits have been lightly quantified + fashioned beauty, the overall skyscreen penetration is expected to increase rapidly; the development of a smart web network is accelerating, high value-added car glass should be raised in volume, and the value of a car's glass kit will be doubled or doubled.
In the domestic car glass market, 60%-70% of the city is permanently stable, with the rest being divided among leading companies such as Xinziko and San Goban. In the future, Foyo is mainly against the foreign market, and there is less room for raising the share of the domestic market. In the context of the overall rapid increase in the size of the industry, consideration is given to the high output of the automotive glass industry.
With the ability to create barriers + long customer certification cycles, existing competing firms are expected to maintain their current share.
In the future, as the EU carbon emissions regulations tighten, electric cars will take the lead in increasing sales in the European market, benefiting from an increase in the number of square metres and an increase in the penetration of high-value-added glass, and the European car glass market will be a new round in the long term. The pattern will be stable, with San Goban plus Niño standing together.
Ben and the Japanese Platminton, which acquired the British car glass, are the absolute leaders of the European car glass market, with their share of 44% and 36% respectively in 2019, with the rest being held by glass and twilight, among others. The overall pattern is expected to remain stable under future industry dividends.
3.2.4. The US market: The size of the market, which is synergized and highly variable, is expected to benefit first from the dividends of the intelligent sector. The US automobile market started early this century, with less room for future growth.
The future benefits from a new car-making drive led by a local car company, Tesla, and from the all-time "sliding" of cars, as well as a wave of intelligence, with the size of the market rising both in the size of the car's glass bicycle and in the value of the square metre.
The company Gadian, Pombette and the Mexican glass manufacturers vitro, as well as the first entry to the United States market, Xinzi, titanium, etc.) Phase II, Foyo bought the pg, the central nitro acquired the Gadian car glass business, and the pattern of competition changed considerably. According to the China Industrial Information Network, the United States market in 2018 used Xinzi plus vitro (the largest glass manufacture in North America).
In 2014-2019, Fukuoka continued to expand production capacity in the United States, gradually increasing capacity utilization, releasing capacity, and improving its share in the United States market compared to 3.3. The future pattern is as follows: Xuziko continues to lead, and Fukuoka has the greatest opportunity.
Total angles: Xinjiang is the largest and Xinjiang glass is the most focused and the fastest growing. Since 2012, Xinjiang, Slate Nico, San Goban three car glass camps have generally been at a relatively high level, and the size of the glass is smaller. In 2012-2019, the Xiaoyang glass was the fastest growing in concentration with more than 90% of the car glass in the long term.
There is a downward trend in the collection of glass from the San Goban car camp, with annual cagr being -0.7 per cent. Figure 32: Size of glass from the five taps/Billions. Figure 33: Share of glass from the five taps.
In terms of capital input: Fukuyo leads the way, with San Goban being the lowest. 1) In terms of R & D, Foyoglass costs more than 4%, well over 3%, and 1%, of San Goiban, Slate Nitro, indicating that Foyo places much greater emphasis on future technological value-added, high-tech accumulation of automobile glass than competitive firms, and has greater potential.
In the case of San Goban, there are fewer inputs. 2) In the case of fixed asset expansion, Fukuyo later settled at a high rate of 10% or more in the five consecutive years 2013-2018, while the overall plant and equipment inputs in San Goban grew at the lowest rate and slightly lower.
Carglass operations, with the highest combined Māori rate of over 40%; the remaining three, with the Shinyo Glass, have basically remained at 25% water level. In the case of car operations, Māori is at the same level as Fukuoka, with a slightly lower nitrous rate. 2) Roe, in 93 to the present market, has a weighted average net asset return of 21.54% compared to 17%.
Around 10% above the Xiamin San Goban and the worst of the titanium, which remained negative in 2012-2018. What is the point of future performance of the glazing glass? 4.1. Volume rise: Hud up wind cover + skyscreen glass increase vehicle space
With fashion beauty + lightly quantified needs, the skyglass/all glass “slipback” car roofs are expected to spread rapidly. Two major factors drive the increase in the size of the skylight glass bicycle: 1) As people consume it, cars have evolved from a single tool of step-by-step to a value symbol of identity, image representation, private space as one, consistent with the current trend towards beauty.
Fashion and beauty are increasingly an important factor influencing the choice of cars by mainstream consumers. The entire landscape, initiated by Tesla, is being celebrated for its smooth-skinned, linear beauty, and is expected to spread rapidly in the future. (ii) As the global energy crisis and greenhouse effects increase, the European carbon emissions regulations tighten, and domestic energy power is being boosted.
The growth of automobiles and the trend of electrodynamics have led to a slight and rapid development of the subject of “energy-efficient mobility.” Glasses have performed better in cost and quality than steel and aluminium. Under two major factors, skyscreen glass has achieved a 50 to 6 m2 increase in vehicle vehicle vehicle space compared to ordinary skylights. Globally, assuming that the rate of recovery of the car market is largely consistent with the rate of recovery in the country.
Hud penetration is expected to increase rapidly and the value of the front wind doubles. Hud (up top) penetration as a safe display for the cabin is rising rapidly, and is now in use in the mainstream.
The windshield shows that the electronic and post-micropathic information is projected on the front windshield, and that the future arhud (virtual reality upscaled) can integrate body information with the surrounding road condition information, which remains highly demanding for windshield imaging.
In the future, the adas Auxiliary Drivers have entered the L3/l4 altitude to auto-driving to improve their driving experience and achieve absolute safety and redundancy, and the Hud penetration is expected to rise to 50% in three years.
The value of the front windshield has doubled, and the value of the car glass bicycle has increased by about $200. It has been measured that, at an assumed level, the hud market has generated more than $2 billion in revenue for Fukuoka. 4.2. Downstream demand recovery has helped to warm up the domestic glass business.
In 2017, when the domestic car market was turned around in a cyclical fashion, the down-to-the-market cycle in 2017-2019 was marked by a backlash in the second half of 2019. The car market was hit again by the effects of the epidemic in early 2020, with the macroeconomic downturn falling across the board.
The impact has gradually subsided, with the onset of a deep rebound in June and a near-normal recovery in September. In the second half of 2019, when the car continued, Fukuyo Glass was used as the vanguard industry leader, with clients covering almost all of the caricatures, the industry returned to full swing, and the van leader was expected to make the first recovery in its performance in 2019.
Car sales are expected to rise back to 23 million in the next two years. In line with the pattern of fluctuations in the past cycle of car sales, the central sales of the cycle. The upturn in central sales is more a reflection of the gradual release of the consumption attributes of demand by cars as per capita growth in gdp (excluding fluctuations from the economic cycle & stimulus policy).
The American car glass market is a mess, and there's a better chance. The industry's view shows a certain market share, compared to the mature European market and China's monopoly market, where the American car glass market is a swarm, with nitro, titanium, San Goiban, Sinibo, and glass and vitro, as well as Gadian, Central Nitro, and so on, with the top five gaps.
International champions have the best opportunities in the US market, and market shares are expected to rise in the future: 1) The Māori rate, R&D inputs, expansion rates of capital inputs, cost control and profitability (roe) are clearly ahead of the competition. 2) The performance of Fyo acquisition since 2014
The US, ppg, has set up automobile glass production bases in Ohio, equipped with general-purpose, Ford, Klesley, Toyota, etc., and has invested in floating glass production bases in Illinois, cutting through the upstream and downstream industrial chains, to further contain costs. Future production with US factories will increase capacity utilization, and the US harvest will benefit more.
5.5 million units of capacity are fully released, and the city’s share is expected to rise to more than 30%. Fukuyo invested $1 billion in four major production sites in the United States: Dayton, Ohio, the world’s largest car glass monobody factory, two car glass lines, with a capacity of 3 million and 2.5 million units, respectively; and Illinois, two floating glass lines with a capacity of 280,000 tons;
Michigan has set up an annex assembly plant and product design centre and a North American regional business agency; and the Automobile City of Detroit has set up a car-side factory. With the future release of 5.5 million productive capacity, the Dayton plant will occupy more than 30% of the US car glass market, receiving more than 6 billion dollars.
With low land taxes and energy costs, the cost of automobile glass production largely at the same level as in the country, the Māori ratio is expected to remain high in the future, contributing more than a quarter of its profits.
Merger and purchase of sam, aluminium accoutrements, and leading the techno-power industry. In February 2019, Fugura Glass acquired all of the assets of the bankrupt German sam, including equipment, materials, finished products, products, workers, 11 factories, with the main clients being the general population, Odys, BMW, Mercedes, Volvo, general and other high-end vehicles.
The company sam has accumulated a lot in the area of car bauxite, and the European market is a global leader in its technological capabilities, with only two of the other companies currently patented being Derius (dura) and Wickaway. The sam market share is ahead, and Fukuyo opens up a new space for growth. The German company sam’s highest income group in 2015
But because of bad business, the company has been on a micro-economic footing for many years, and in 2015 it even suffered a huge loss. For now, Foyo has invested 100 million euros in production line integration, and has almost completed asset restructuring and is about to enter the performance release period.
It's the first time in many years that Fuyo's auto industry chain has been integrated, using Sam's own excellent management mechanisms in the old European market to move into the aluminium apparel market, expand its own body parts ratio, and effectively raise the value of a bicycle.
In Suzhou, a aluminium apparel factory has been set up to open the ground for the domestic aluminium apparel market and to open up new opportunities for growth. Together, three factors drive the improvement in the value of Fukuyo's bicycles. 1) Technology patents are in hand, with a monopoly on production.
With more than a hundred patents, the aluceram process has been developed autonomously, superior to the industry's traditional alumina alumina, and has become the only plating process that Audi and the general public require most. As the aluminum strips gradually get favored by mid-to-high-end car manufacturers, Fysam will be able to gain more cooperation based on the consolidation of existing customers.
At present, major suppliers in the global aluminum bar industry, with the exception of the Sensor Group, face high costs and low rates of Maori.
Fukuyo's synergizing advantage is enhanced. The supply of the upstream raw materials of the superb aluminum and the combination of the tri-supplier products, processes, improves the control of the aluminium adornment and even the car door's integrated industrial chain. Fysam, as its strategic layout for “re-favouring a new glimmer,” can work in tandem with the Fyoglass to increase the addition of a single set of products.
5. Profit forecasts and investment ratings are based on the following core assumptions, and we have detailed projections of the performance of Glossy Glass 2020-2022:
3) Cost dimensions for the period 2020-2022: Considering the application of new and new technologies to car glass, Foyoa +h shares, five comparable companies valued the weighted average perpen in 2020/2011/2022, respectively, and we believe that companies should enjoy a higher valuation premium. For the first time, coverage is given, and “buy” glass is given.
Given the fact that Fulbright's own floating glass products are used as raw materials for car glass, maintaining a self-sufficiency rate of nearly 85 per cent, the details of the revenue from the main business of Fulbright Glass 2020-2022 are broken down as follows:
The recovery in demand in the passenger sector is lower than expected. A recovery in demand in the passenger vehicle sector is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance and, if it is lower than expected, increases the difficulty of selling the company’s car glass and has an impact on profitability.
Autonomous brand price battles exceed expectations. If an autonomous branding pattern price fights exceed expectations, they affect the company’s car, glass business, single car sales, and the Māori rate, thereby affecting the net profit of a single car.