Multi-operational co-development. Clinical hardhead moats are deepening. Teg medicine (300347.sz) 09.092022
• The integrated layout of clinical research on drugs and the largely high growth of the country’s clinical poles have developed over 18 years, and Thai medicine has become the leader of the Chinese clinical core industry, with continuous strategic mergers and acquisitions and self-building, deepening the moat, and building a platform for full process integration services for clinical research on pharmaceuticals.
In the medium and long term, the company is expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth of the coro market, both within and outside the country. We look forward to the long-term growth of the company, which is expected to return in 2022-2024.
• Policies contributing to the high-speed and high-quality development of clinical trials in China, the rapid expansion of the domestic clinical market in the country;
According to frost&sullivan data, the Chinese clinical market was 26.3 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to reach 83.5 billion yuan in 2025, and a fully-processed outsourcing service platform with a composite growth rate of 2020-2025 .
The company’s strategic M&As and self-building are advancing, with clinical research services at its core, expanding upstream and downstream, covering the entire industry chain of pharmaceutical products: at the same time, the company has established multiple subsidiaries overseas, actively expanding the global business layout.
Multi-operational synergies have led to a deepening of corporate mosaics, and to high growth in corporate performance. • Teg medicines are well established in the country, with a clear pre-eminence for the country’s target overseas clinical crón, and a sustained rise in municipal dominance, with a leading position expected to increase further.
At this stage, the overall scale of Thai medicine is small, but it is growing fast and profitable, and there is much room for future upswings.
The company is committed to building an integrated and holistic platform covering the whole industry chain of clinical research, providing comprehensive and integrated clinical research solutions for medical and pharmaceutical innovation in China and globally. In recent years, the company has accelerated.
The pace of strategic M&As, the continuous improvement of clinical research services, the expansion of the global business layout, and efforts to move towards an international model: 18 years of development of the Teg medicines through three major phases: 1.1, subsidiary forestry, and the development of a full-process integrated service platform for clinical research
The company has developed a full-process, one-stop clinical research service, and the main operations include clinical trial techniques. Clinical trial agencies have worked together to establish a network of larger, priority city-wide clinical research services. 2004-present, Tiger medicine has been cumulatively involved in and contributed to the development of 57 Chinese-listed I-type innovations, as a percentage of the total.
The Department’s co-founder and chairman, Dr. Ye Xiaoping, holds 20.32% of the shares and is the actual manager of the company.
Corporations, building whole-of-business ecological chains, and co-development of affiliates. Figure 3: Teg's pharmaceutical equity structure is clear, covering more than 80 subsidiaries (figures show only part). Corporate management team medicine industry experienced and professional talent continuously expanded: Co-founder and director of the company
Dr. Yang Yip Xiaoping has worked in the Department of Medical Registration in Xi An Youngsen, Bms, and Lo, and has been Director of Medical Registration in Shanghai for more than 10 years, with a very rich experience in drug registration. Co-founder and Executive Director, Cao Xiaochun, with more than 25 years of experience in drug research, registration, and clinical research, has served as Chief of Medical Registration in Hangzhou.
The chief science officer, Dr. Yang Su-sun, was Director General of the Clinical Pharmacology Department of the Gsk China Research and Development Centre, and in 2015 he founded and became Managing Director of Thinking Medicine in Shanghai. The rest of the company’s senior management team also had extensive drug research and development experience. By the end of 2021, the number of company personnel had reached 8326, an increase of 38.03%;
The rapid increase in the size of the staff has ensured that the company will take over the project in the future. Figure 4: The company’s core team is luxurious, Ye Xiaoping
Mr. Cao Xiaochun, Co-founder and Executive Director, Co-founder and Chairman
• Doctorate in immunology, University of Oxford, United Kingdom, Great Guanghua Norte, Graduated in Chinese medicine from Zhejiang College of Chinese Medicine, with an in-service Master's degree in Pharmacology from Zhejiang College of Medicine
• 25 years of experience in drug research and development, registration and clinical research in Xianyangsen, Xue Guibao and Rhodes.
He was Director of Medical Registration in Shanghai for six years.
B.A., Faculty of Law, University of Mudan, University of Massachusetts, United States of America
Ph.D., Pharmacy of Pharmacy, University of Sheffield, United Kingdom.
He was Deputy to the Department of Statistics at the United States headquarters of Aslicon Pharmaceuticals, Director General of the Shanghai Thinking Medicines and Technology Ltd. in 2015, Head of the United States Department of Breast Cancer Products Statistics.
Founded in 2005 the Doctor of Clinical Medicine of the Beijing Institute of Association and Medicine and the University of the Netherlands.
Shanghai Transport University, Doctor of Medicine, Doctor of Clinical Pharmacology, with over 30 years of extensive clinical project management and team management.
Associate Professor, Professor of Clinical Pharmacology, Beijing Astronomy Hospital, State
He has held important positions in the Department of Clinical Operations, such as the Director of Medicine, the Senior Medical Review Centre (cde) Clinical Examiner, the Director General, the Vice-President, etc.
Miyagi, Chief Operations Officer, Chief Quality Officer.
• Over 20 years of experience in the clinical trial industry, including clinical trials — Master's degree in Epidemiology and Biostatistics, quality management and training at the University of Jordan
M.A. in Business Administration, University of Webster, formerly in the Department of Pharmaceutical Medicine, Shanghai, and international • 15 years or more in bio-statistics and management of the pharmaceutical industry
The multi-centre pilot has been in the lead in the Chinese district.
1.2. Co-development, both within and outside the country, which largely sustains high growth The deep-farming clinical coo industry, where company income and profits are growing at a high rate: Thai medicine has performed well in recent years, thanks to its high-quality service and extensive business layout. The company ' s gross operating income in 2021 was 5.214 billion yuan.
74.78 per cent; net profit excluding non-return to the mother is 771 million yuan, an increase of 42.12 per cent over the same period, and performance is increasing at a high rate. Figure 6: Accelerated growth in income from major business (in billions of yuan) Corporate profitability as a whole, with a steady decline in cost: in recent years, regulatory reforms have been more focused on clinical trials
Quality and integrity tests have led to a further increase in the price of clinical co-services; at the same time, there has been a steady decline in fees from the company’s revenues from clinical trials, and the development of hairy projects such as medical registration and drug alerts has been faster, driving the overall Māori ratio of the company to conduct a large number of clinical trials related to new coronary pneumonia with higher handling fees.
Increased operational efficiency, administrative cost rate decreased from 19.49 per cent in 2016 to 10.49 per cent in 2021, high-quality services won a wide and stable client base, and the value of new contracts remained high: companies established long-term partnerships with clients with a high level of service, diversified range of services.
Six large multinational pharmaceutical companies, 16 listed companies, have a 100% retention rate for top 10 clients, and stable and diversified client groups have provided greater predictability and stability in the company’s future earnings. In 2021, the dividends of the development of the pharmaceutical industry chain have also enhanced its international influence by actively playing “introduction” and “outside”
In 2021, the company earned 2,741 million yuan, or 52.57 per cent, of mainland China, an increase of 44.19 per cent in the same year; foreign revenue reached 2,447 million yuan, an increase of 91.92 per cent in the same year; domestic and foreign operations began a new phase of clinical trials in China; and the clinical market expanded rapidly.
2.1. Since the policy contributed to the high-speed high-quality development of drug clinical trials in China, the Office of the State Council has been issuing a number of policies on the evaluation of the consistency of generic medicines, with a large number of home-grown generic medicines having to be tested for quality and efficacy, and with the same introduction of supply-side reforms in the pharmaceutical industry.
At the same time, a series of national multisectoral policies, such as the optimization of the review approval system, the launch of the “Major New Pharmacies” country-specific and the simplified clinical trial approval process, have promoted a shift in the domestic pharmaceutical industry from imitation to the upgrading of innovative medicines, and have encouraged more clinically valuable new medicines to move rapidly to the clinical stage.
Simultaneous evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, driving the rapidly growing demand for bioequivalency tests; bioequivalency, used to evaluate whether imitation and reference agents are equal or similar to the safety and effectiveness of patients with a disease and are the gold standard in the imitation of pharmaceutical consistency evaluation.
The number of conformity evaluation declarations received rose from 32 in 2016 to 2,674 in 2021, as well as the rapid development of bio-equivalency testing services.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the number of inds and Ndas declared for the first time in the country, with the number of inds declared for the first time in 2021 reaching 644, an increase of 46.03% over the same period, with a large number of new drugs of clinical value moving rapidly to the clinical stage.
China’s spending on pharmaceutical research and development has grown steadily, and the number of clinical trials opened has increased rapidly: with policy support, China’s pharmaceutical industry will gradually shift its focus from generic to innovative medicine, and its investment in research and development will increase rapidly. According to frost&sullivan, China’s investment in pharmaceutical research and development will reach $47.6 billion in 2024, of which the clinical phase will be invested in research and development.
The number of clinical registrations has grown faster since 2016, and the number of clinical registrations in 2021 has risen to figure 15: China ' s medical research and development expenditure is projected to increase each year (in millions of dollars) and the number of clinical trials of new medicines in China is increasing each year (in thousands)
China joined Ich, clinical trials were brought into line with the international community, and the number of core clinical trials grew faster: in June 2017, the former Chinese Food and Drug Regulatory Authority (Cfda) joined Ich, the development, registration and listing of new drugs in China were brought into line with the international community, and the number of international multi-centre clinical trials (mrct) initiated by Chinese companies increased from 11 in 2017.
In 2019, 60 of China’s innovative medicines went out of the sea at a fast pace. Cfda, on the other hand, encouraged new medicines abroad to be marketed in China, relaxed the conditions for conducting clinical trials and listing applications in China, led multinational drug companies to actively come to China to apply for early clinical trials for new drugs, and 61 out of 2017 international multi-centre clinical trials were conducted in China.
The quality of clinical trials in China has also increased steadily, with China’s core bed numbers reaching 233 in 2021, surpassing Europe and Japan, after the United States.  The number of international multi-centre clinical trials initiated by Chinese companies (one)
▪ The number of international multi-centre clinical trials conducted in China (two) and the high risk of investing in the clinical phase, the high level of investment in the development and development of new drugs and the high rate of failure: the difficulty of developing innovative medicines, the long cycle and the high level of input;
According to data from China ' s Analysis of the New Medicines Research and Development Industry 2020, the probability of final approval of a clinical drug in I period is only 11.30 per cent, and even the clinical success rate in iii period is only 53.40 per cent. The overall cost of the clinical stage is higher. Figure 19: The largest clinical stage in drug research and development
With the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry and the rapid release of clinical and pre-clinical research and development needs, pharmaceutical outsourcing companies are playing an increasingly important role in the highly funded, high-risk drug research and development process: an increasing number of medicines tend to work with systematic and more professional cro companies to achieve reduced efficiency.
Clinical cro can help pharmaceutical companies to solve high-risk “double-high” problems with high clinical inputs, save time costs for bed-line project management, and improve the quality of data management, and are expected to reap the greatest dividends of the new drug-research and development industry chain. The more willing biotech company is rapidly emerging, and the outsourcing rate in China’s drug-research and development market continues to rise.
The annual rate of 76.0% has risen to 81.2% in 2029, and biotech has gradually become a major player in the field of innovative medicines. Biotech usually invests most of its financing in core research and development, and the demand for outsourced services has become more pronounced in the light of the rapid push to the pipeline.
The market outsourcing rate is 36.8 per cent, and the outsourcing rate is expected to rise to 52.2 per cent in 2026. Figure 23: China ' s innovative medicine market outsourcing rate is expected to increase continuously,
Based on the continued growth in research and development inputs from innovative pharmaceutical firms, and the increasing penetration of innovative drug research and development outsourcing, the medical outsourcing service is growing rapidly, with clinical co-markets growing at a faster scale: based on frost&sullivan billion dollars, a compound growth rate of 25.99% between 2020 and 2025, there is much room for future development.
3. Creation of an integrated clinical service platform, multi-operational synergy for the development and deepening of the Guardianship + M & As Business Blocks and the expansion of geographical services
Purchases of high-quality firms with a breakdown of the track, expanding their services, with clinical research services as the centre for up-to-down outreach, and actively building a platform for clients to integrate drug and device-wide processes. In 2014 and 2017, the company acquired the Fonda Holdings and Tagjets to upgrade the capacity of laboratory services and clinical testing of medical devices.
By the end of 2021, companies had more than 80 subsidiaries, both within and outside the country. Global, the internationalization process accelerated: as a platform for globalization research and development, Thai medicine has been distributed globally to 26 overseas subsidiaries or affiliates, with more than 1,100 professionals and 5 continents.
By the end of 2021, the company had 24 overseas subsidiaries, with a significant increase in international multi-centre clinical trials.
In February 2021, Concino reorganized the new coronary virus vaccine Convidecia (ad5-ncov) to be marketed with nmpa approval. Teg medicines, based on the advantages of their global business layout, actively participated in the international multi-centric iii clinical study of the vaccine in several countries, including Pakistan, Mexico, Russia, etc., where more people were tested.
The implementation of this project is expected to enhance the company’s ability to implement the multi-regional bed-testing and increase its global reach. 3.2. Deep-deep clinical trial technical services, horizontal expansion of clinical trial-related services and laboratory services
The service includes clinical research services for drugs, clinical research services for medical devices, biological equivalency research services, etc.:
Clinical trial-related services include clinical trial data management and statistical analysis services, clinical trial site management (smo) and patient recruitment services, medical imaging services, etc.: laboratory services include drug substitution dynamics research services, safety and toxicological research services, bioanalysis services, cmc services, etc., operational co-development, strengthening of sub-operations
The ability of the company to integrate services. The Troika is strong, the harvests are robust and the profitability is steadily increasing: during the year of clinical trials, 2,194 million yuan, or 42.08 per cent, was earned from clinical trials-related services and laboratory services, 2017-2021.
3.2.1 Clinical trial technical services - company core business, with emphasis on deep-farming layout The coverage of the company's clinical drug research services is wide, and a full-scale process integration platform has been set up: Thai medicine provides clients with iit research, nis test studies and post-market monitoring, among other innovations, i-iv external to clinical trials
Package services, coverage of tumours, vaccines, central nervous systems, cardiovascular diseases, rare diseases, etc. Through deep participation in pilot programmes, start-up, project management, testing inspections, medical surveillance, reporting and filing assistance, the company has built a process-wide, integrated drug clinical trial research and development platform to provide the most access to clients
Tegl Medicine works with most clinical institutions and has a strong clinical resource advantage: Clinical Medicines Research Services requires coordination between providers, patients, clinical trial centres, and supervision by the Clinical Trial Centre Ethics Committee and regulatory bodies. The company uses its accumulated resources to assist applicants in quickly identifying their clients.
As of March 2020, the company has entered into strategic cooperation with more than 400 gcp-registered clinical laboratories in China, covering more than 80% of the population and reaching 799 company clinical monitors, to ensure that the entire clinical trial process and related approval materials meet the regulatory requirements.
The high growth in the number of research projects has resulted in the capacity to conduct international multi-centre clinical trials: benefiting from the rapid development of the country ' s innovative pharmaceutical industry and increased demand for new coronary pneumonia vaccine and treatment clinical trials at home and abroad, in 2021 the number of clinical research projects under study by the company reached 567, an increase of 45.76 per cent in the same year; of these, the number of critical iii clinical periods was increased by 45.76 per cent.
The number of projects carried out inside and outside the country was 385 and 182, respectively, of which 50 were international multi-centre clinical pilot projects, representing an increase of 150 per cent in the same year.
China’s rapid expansion of the market for medical devices has opened up more opportunities for outsourcing the market. According to the annual compound growth rate of 23.5% for frost&sullivan.
In the month, the company completed 60/91/58 clinical research projects on medical devices in 2017-2019, through the acquisition of Tetun Teri, which extended its operations to the field of medical devices. By the end of June 2022, the company was working on 403 medical devices projects.
Three innovative medical devices and two man-intellectual medical software were successfully placed on the market, along with the introduction of the Medical Device Regulatory Advisory Service and the ii Device Biology Evaluation Service, as well as the expansion of emerging services such as digital health and medical robotics. The company launched several real-world instruments studies in the International Medical Tourism Pre-Warn in Hainan Boay City, which are expected to enter into one.
China’s market for bio-equivalency (be) outsourced services has grown steadily: since 2015, policies have promoted domestic assessments of drug consistency, and bio-equivalency (be) services have become a central component of the evaluation of consistency.
According to frost&sullivan, the market for Chinese be outsourcing reached 320 million yuan in 2019, with a combined growth rate of up to 85% in 2015-2019; as the market for un-approached pharmaceutical stocks fell, the Be outsourced market, the Teg pharmaceutical be service was operated by a subsidiary, and could be provided with special formulations, permeables, etc.
During the year, the company completed 37/83/90 Be projects, and in 2021 it completed 74 Be projects, and 161 projects are in progress.
Figure 37: The number of bio-equivalency service projects completed by the company increases from year to year to provide new dynamic energy for the company ' s future development. By the end of June 2022, the number of clients served by the company ' s registered team had increased from 550 at the end of the year to 582, with a cumulative total of 1124 projects completed, with an increase in the number of new Fda registered projects completed.
In the first half of 2022, there were 177 new drug alert services in research projects, with 128 teams. At the same time, the company built on its strong clinical laboratory operations and continued to develop realism.
World Research Services: Corporate ownership of the e-Clinical Trial Patient Management (ecpm) system to provide customized services for different real-world research projects.
Standardized services can assist clients in improving the quality and effectiveness of complex clinical project development. According to frost&sullivan data, a large market is growing faster and more spatially: programming statistical analysis is done on the basis of a large amount of data generated by the integrated, electronic management of clinical trials.
The size of the data management and statistical analysis market in China and the United States will reach US$ 15.24/4.29 billion in 2024, respectively. Figure 39: China’s digital market is growing faster than the United States (in millions of United States dollars).
Szemesda, Gaztingtek and bdm in the United States provide data management, statistical analysis and statistical programming services covering the full cycle of clinical trials. The total number of research projects conducted through over 800 teams of professionals in China, Korea, the United States and India is 786, of which 526/260 are executed by domestic and overseas teams, respectively;
The number increased from 163 at the end of 2021 to 208. In 2019, the subsidiary Mesda received and owned by its parent company, the clinical trial site management (smo) service, which improved the quality and efficiency of clinical trials, and the Chinese market, which grew faster: through the provision of experienced clinical research coordinators (crc), the smo service was able to assist in research.
In 2019, the market size of the Chinese smo market will reach $262 million and is projected to reach $1,368 million in 2024, and a compound growth rate of 39.2 per cent in 2019-2024.
Figure 42: Smo services improve the overall quality and efficiency of clinical trials
In 2021, 3.2.3, laboratory services - merger and integration of front-end operations are expected to be new dynamics in performance growth.
The laboratory services for Teg medicine are mainly operated by a subsidiary, Fangda Holdings, a Chinese-American cro company, formerly a test laboratory (frontagelabs) set up by Dr Li Song in New Jersey, United States of America, in 2001, acquired by Teg Medicine in July 2014 and listed in May 2019 at Hong Kong.
On 31 December 2021, the company held 50.35 per cent of the shares held by Fangda.The impact of the epidemic was reduced, and Fonda held a robust growth rate: the rate of growth in Fonda held in 2020 slowed, and profits slightly decreased, as the epidemic in China was brought under control.
In 2021, Fonda Holdings collected $186 million, an increase of 46.27 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-retribution mothers was $19 million, an increase of 16.43 per cent in the same year.
There are now integrated business platforms that are being developed. These include bioanalysis, pre-clinical research, chemical services, bio-equivalency services, and chemical, manufacturing and control panels. Meanwhile, the company runs laboratories in Axton, Pennsylvania, Monmos, New Jersey, Concott, Ohio, Vancouver, Canada, Shanghai, and Suzhou, China.
There is a trend towards a convergence of business portfolios, with the United States taking over the bulk and expanding: Fangda holdings, with annual revenues of 0.83/047/028 million dollars, or 44.79/25.53 per cent/15.21 per cent.
The size of the staff has continued to grow, the net value of fixed assets has increased faster and the service capacity has been further enhanced: through acquisitions and expansions, the Fontaine Holdings are expanding their operational and geographical coverage to meet the overall needs of clients. In 2021, the number of Fangda Holdings employees reached 1,322, a 31.94 per cent increase over the same period, and the size of the staff has continued to grow; the net fixed assets have continued to expand.
Valued at $89 million, an increase of 118.83 per cent over the same period. Adequate hand orders, steady growth in R & D inputs and strong growth in performance: by the end of 2021, the number of laboratory services implemented by the Fangda Control Unit had reached 2,516 projects, a 24 per cent increase over the same period; cumulative amount of contracts pending implementation
Figure 53: Steady growth in Fonda Holding R & D investment
The global clinical competition pattern is fragmented and the domestic market is dominated by Thai medicine: according to frost & sullivan data, the global clinical market was dominated by iqvia, Labcorp and icon in 2021, with revenues of 16.3 per cent/12.5 per cent/11.8 per cent, respectively, with a relatively fragmented pattern of competition; and the global market for Thai medicine is part of the global market.
Headlines are strong, with incomes of 11%, and far more than the second drug, Ming Conde (4.4%) and the third drug, Conlong (2.6%). Overall, Thai medicine is in a lower position globally and in China, and there is still much room for improvement. 4.1, domestic leader is well established, and city occupancy is expected to rise further.
Tagger medicine has a clear pre-emptive advantage and is expected to be further strengthened: policy-oriented promotion of China’s pharmaceutical industry, transition from imitation to innovative medicine, increased difficulty in designing clinical trials, greater professionalism, good clinical design, a slight saving of time, cost, and higher probability of success.
Cro, 18 years of business, has accumulated a wealth of industrial resources and management experience, gained a good reputation among the client community, and created its own barriers to competition. From the start-up, the firm’s domestic share rose steadily from 4.36 per cent in 2016 to 8.38 per cent in 2021, and the rising market share augurs well for the emergence of the Tiger’s pharmaceutical leadership.
Compared to the size of the Chinese clinical market, the size of the Teg pharmaceutical staff is higher than that of the national counterparts, with income/profits per capita far higher: the clinical cod is a highly man-intensive industry, and the number of people directly influences the size of the company ' s income.
The figure was 8326, up from the same period when Nosg (1873) and Conlon were transformed into clinical cro blocks (3,357 persons); in 2021, the per capita income/per capita income/per capita benefits of the Teg medicines amounted to $62,621,147.9 million, which is much higher than those of their peers; the total size of the medicines was the size of the population; and the clinical cro population was converted into clinical cro units.
In aggregate, Conlon is converted into a clinical block of cro Leisure management, with higher profitability than comparable companies: by optimizing management structures and staffing, the profitability of Teg Medicine is significantly ahead of that of its domestic counterparts, and the average Māori ratio of Teg Medicine has stabilized at over 40 per cent over the last five years.
Non-net interest rates continue to rise and are at the forefront of domestic counterparts, leading to the development of the country’s clinical co-industry.
4.2. There is still much room for growth of the tag medicine overseas, with smaller but faster collections of tag medicine compared to the international clinical cologne: in 2021, international clinical cologne cologne services such as iqvia, labcorp received more than $5 billion per capita.
Revenue generated $141.8 million; TAM received $818 million and earned $982 million per capita, with still more than & development, labcorp for drugdevelopment, syneoshealth ' s clinicalsoltions, with domestic engineer dividends, and Māori Teg medicine leading the international leader: according to Shanghai pharmaceutical industry information
Heart, the cost of research and development at all stages of pre-clinical and clinical research in the country is only 30-60% in developed countries, and the average per capita remuneration of Chinese cro enterprises is lower than abroad, allowing maximum control over costs and costs. In 2021, the total Māori ratio of Thai medicine was 43.55%, ahead of iqvia (29.82%), icon (27.52%) and syneoshealth
International champions (25.02%). In terms of per capita income generation, there is still much room for improvement and growth of the Tag medicine compared to that of the international head company. Figure 65: Per capita income generation of the Tag medicine is lower than the international level (in millions of United States dollars).
With the increase in the volume of revenue, company sales, management, R & D and financial cost rates expected to decline steadily. 5.2. Profit forecasts and valuations. 18 years later, Thai medicine has become the leader of the Chinese clinical coro industry, with continuous strategic M & A and self-financing.
In the short term, new contracts are growing rapidly, client groups are stable and diversified, and performance growth is more certain. In the medium and long term, companies are expected to benefit fully from the rapid development of the coro market, both within and outside the country, with industry-led quality standards and project delivery capabilities.
We're looking for a comparative analysis of the representative companies on the chain of the innovative pharmaceutical industry, Tag, a sound medical valuation, and we're looking at the company's long-term development, with the expected net return from 2022 to 2024 being a change in pharmaceutical regulatory policy, exchange rate fluctuations, declining demand for drug research and development services, volatile investment returns, etc.