China's life (601628.sh) has been characterized by the maintenance of a dominant position, higher value indicators, the continuation of the adjustment process, and the company's continuous promotion of a transformation strategy for all channels to achieve business income of 2342.2 in the first half of the year.
Of these, 10,662 million won in insurance service income under the new code, an increase of 16.0%, is among the highest on the market. As the leader of our personal risk industry, China’s life has demonstrated a strong performance resilience, a steady release of the debt-end transformation dividend, and a good profit margin.
In the first half of the year, Chinese life continued to deepen the reform of the marketing system for intergenerational channels, and a new marketing model was piloted for the layout of the “seed program.”
52 weeks ' maximum/minimum price Ten years and the first year of 10 years and above is $4.260 billion, representing an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year and a better rate of increase in value-type transactions. Team quality, as of the end of June, is 629 million people in risk marketing.
In 2024, supervision continued to guide the industry’s strict process of paying fees and fees, and companies further strengthened the control of commission costs.
In the first half of the year, the value of new businesses in the silver market rose by 13.4 pt.
Optimizing the configuration structure under the new guidelines. In the current context of moving down long-end interest rates and “asset waste”, China Life (601628.sh) – a narrow profit cut, marketing reform deepening has continued to increase bond-type asset allocation over a six-month period, increasing the ratio by 1.5 pt and stretching assets over a longer period of time.
At the same time, the company continues to optimize its equity and alternative asset allocation structure and stabilizes its capital.
Life in China (601628.sh) - Old Age Opportunities, Promotion of Marketing Reform - Life in China (601628.sh) - Short-term Performance Under strain, Sustained Strategic Transformation - Life in China (601628.sh) - Size and Growth Added with Double Values
Investment proposals: The company continues to pursue its transformational goals of “three insistences”, “three upgrades” and “three breakthroughs” and the core end-of-debt and asset-end indicators continue to be repaired. We maintain the company’s profitability projections, which are projected at 2024 to 1: China’s life income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 2: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of Chinese life attributable to the mother. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future