The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre □ a lithium battery company with a high-quality gene: the chairman of the board is a lithium battery expert of 863 and has laid the foundation for research and development.
□ Lithium primary batteries have a wide variety of products in this area, and after 10 years of grinding, the company has been customised from set-up to spare parts, guaranteeing the company’s barriers to production.
So, the new application layers are coming out of order, and as long as there's a signal signal, the battery is needed. Port-consumption and power cell positioning high end: consumer battery (triple column) positioning high end electric power tools, with tti (global diy home powering tool no); power cell anchoring the overseas high end mainframe plant (Demler Ben).
The e-smoking is already a star business, with industry maintaining a 30% growth rate over three years, and the return on investment is clear. The ability to access strategic-producer-products is strong, with full enforcement.
Three high-quality genetics explorations □ the state’s electronics industry has developed earlier in the country. With the opening up of reforms, the state has developed tcl, Desai, Huayang, and the diaspora group, making electronics the backbone of the state’s industry, with a 20% gdp.
In 1999, he was appointed Deputy Director General of Desai New Energy Ltd., responsible for cell phone battery development. In 2001, he was created with the following major executives: Prof. Esun Ping (Professor of Chemistry, Wuhan University), Liu Jianhua (former colleague, former co-worker).
cto), Wang Shi Feng (formerly in liginott, responsible for producing and operating intelligent manufacturing), □ company products are divided into lithium primary and lithium electron batteries. Lithium ion batteries can be divided by application into consumption (small batteries) and kinetic batteries. In cell shape, they can be divided into square cells, cylindrical batteries and soft-pack batteries.
Lithium primary cell: □ Lithium ion power cell: □ small-scale lithium ion consumption cell:
□ Lithium primary batteries have always been a powerful business for companies, with Māori rates standing at nearly 40% over the years and growing over the past decade; Lithium electron batteries have grown rapidly in the last three years, and Māori rates have fluctuated considerably since they are new and contain two consumer and power cells. The e-smoking business has grown 13 times over the last seven years.
Since 2010, the lithium ion battery has been a new business, divided into power cells and consumer batteries, with revenue exceeding lithium primary batteries in 2017, but a lower Māori rate; electronic smoke (Mcwell) is a star business, with 37.6% of the company ' s shareholdings, while McVeil ' s revenues have increased sixfold in three years.
Two-point business plate analysis - Lithium primary battery: a powerful business with a huge potential of □ billion latitude lithium primary batteries, with the largest share of smart meters, in terms of downstream applications, exceeding 30%, followed by the field of intelligent transport, where the global leader is saft.
□saft describes the 100-year-old French saft operation, which is divided mainly into nickel hydrogen cells, lithium primary batteries and lithium ion batteries. Nickel hydrogen cells account for 50% of the business, lithium primary batteries for 32%, and lithium electronic batteries for 17%. By application, the industrial sector (mainly spare batteries such as telecommunications, storage, delivery) has a market space of about 25 billion yuan, 80% of which are still lead acid batteries, and others.
The use of nickel hydrogen batteries is predominant, with saft accounting for 70% of the world. Lithium primary batteries are used mainly in smart electronic devices, including smart meters, wireless sensors, data collectors. The overall market in this area grew by about 5% in the last five years, and it's likely to increase as the five-gs network arrives. The market space for smart meters is $5 billion, with saft at 50%. The main competitor is the country's billions.
Altitude lithium energy and Japanese maxell and vitzrocell (Korea).Saft's recent financial data, 2-point business section analysis - lithium primary batteries: powerful business, with great potential
After 10 years of development, from equipment development to all critical parts, to self-designed production and operation, and the establishment of a higher moat, the company’s profit margin has been assured. After entering the lithium battery industry in 2001, it took only one year to complete a self-developed high-level production line and become the best in battery production.
In 2010, the complete automation of lithium cell fluids increased the consistency of product quality. As a result of these technologies and innovations, the hundreds of millions of latitudes could become industry-based enterprises that automated the process. In the area of smart equipment and process automation, the hundreds of millions of latitudes could accumulate considerable amounts of lithium.
□ China’s smart meter will keep growing at a high rate, the meter has reached the replacement stage, and the smart water watch has only just begun to be replaced. We have a very strong international competitiveness of smart meters.
Through these flashpoints, the deeper reason is that, as intelligent applications increase, there will be a need for lithium cells as long as there is a sense, information exchange, and signal processing. With the expansion of 5g, with the gradual penetration of critical devices for the network, the application of lithium cells will expand at multiple levels.
New battery requirements for lot application cpc+Smoke alarm
Two-point business block analysis - small batteries: accurate positioning, guaranteed speed of increase □ downstream applications of small batteries are still dominated by mobile phones, notebooks, electric tools, electric bicycles, ground sweep robots, wearing equipment, drones, vr, electronic smoke, etc. The speed of growth in recent years has been higher in the areas of electrical tools, unmanned smoke, drones, etc.
□ Small batteries are the strongest in Japan and Korea. Sdi's small batteries earned 16.9 billion yuan in 2017, lg earned 5.5 billion yuan, and the people's milwaukee aeg were released 25.3 billion yuan.
What's the matter with you, Hart homemade eppiré?
The 3.5g cylinder of Lithium at 100 million latitudes will be used in electric tools outdoor processional
♪ Handtools inventive layout ♪
♪ Handtools ♪ ♪ powerools ♪ ♪ Handtools powerools ♪
Products measuringtools and small batteries. Their important clients are tti.
I don't know, outdoor accessors handstools
The industry of production tools continues to be dominated by transnational corporations, and the market for electrical tools in our country is dominated by exports and supported by internal sales.
Multi-national manufacturers of electric tools (house tools, non-industrial). 120 sub-brands under the banner. Revenue in 2017 was US$ 6.1 billion, yoy10.6 per cent, with a Māori rate of 36.7 per cent and a net interest rate of 15 per cent. A growth rate of more than 10 per cent over 10 per cent over 10 years was very difficult to achieve. 2-point business plate analysis - e-smoking: industry grew by more than 30 per cent.
The e-smoking market is growing at a very rapid rate: 12 billion dollars in black smoke sales in 2017 and 5 billion dollars in unburned e-smoking sales. By 2023, both areas are expected to continue to grow at a high rate of about $75 billion.
□ The penetration rate of e-smoking is currently around 5%. Non-burning e-smoking does not have tar, but only nicotine, thus reducing the risk of smoking. Even with some news appearing that is not favourable to e-smoking, the advantage of e-smoking is clear, and the penetration rate is unstoppable.
□ The pattern of competition in the market is dominated by McWall, Faint Technology, and AvePuss, where the Māori ratio of e-smoking companies is over 30%, and there is a trend towards a gradual increase in revenues of three major e-smoking companies at an average rate of 190%.
Two-point business section analysis - e-smoking: McWell is already a star company, and McWell’s clients are major international customers. Four of the five major tobacco companies worldwide are company customers (the imperial brand alone is not company customers). The top five sales revenue in 2017 was 51%.
□ The company has a patent technology for fogization, which is very well recognized by the market. The speed is amazing. The net profit is $430 million. It's a star business on the new three.
Michael's profits increase by 6 times over 3 years, 2-point business plate analysis - power cells: anchor high-end customers, strategy is clear □ 1 billion latitudes of lithium ion power and storage cells, of which square iron is 2.5gwh, cylindrical 3.5gwh, soft
Three-dollar 1.5gwh, square-triple 1.5gwh, covering a full range of different power areas, such as new energy vehicles, commercial vehicles, and passenger vehicles. □ rectangular lithium phosphate batteries are primarily located in commercial vehicles and storage energy. From 2015, the company started moving into power cells, and the client made progress on a two-point business block analysis - power cells: anchor high-end customers, with a clear strategy.
The three-dollar soft-pack line of Lithium at latitudes is located primarily at high-end customers around the world: Daimler and Ford. The soft-back line in Huezhou is now 1.5g, expected to be operational in 2019, increasing post-partum capacity to 3g. The line meets the 6sigma standard and works with the depth of a joint venture with sk. The line is all imported into Korea.
□ Daimler’s cooperation is progressing rapidly: it is already in phase d, and delivery is expected to start in March 2019. □ A large-volume battery has been developed in collaboration with Ford, and is expected to become a major supplier soon.
These four can produce 120,000 units. There are two types of batteries, eb301 and eb311. With the construction of the Beijing Mercedes 2 factory in 2018, it has produced 900,000 engines per year.
And this time, the Mercedes's new electric motor vehicle capacity consisted of two large units of eqc (code n293), h243 (eqa), x 243 (eqb).
The factory is located in the Beijing economic and technological development area; the factory that was built in v295 is located in Beijing in Seonyo, where it was upgraded from the traditional line of production of medium- and low-end vehicles owned by the original North gas, introducing Mercedes high-end electricity.
Three high-quality genes explore the uncertainty of a company growing up. Beyond the obvious strategic options, it may be more of a retreat than a retreat.
Factors that cannot be quantified, such as value orientation, internal management, and talent incentives. Beyond industry research, we try to analyze companies from the following dimensions: products and intelligent manufacturing levels.
Strategy and implementation \checkmark is based on traceable and verifiable principles. Whether the company's strategy is on the ground or not.
It can be validated from products, from finance. We feel that the strategy and its implementation itself are extremely important, and that the product is the best consideration in implementing the strategy, and finance is the next test.3 Quality genetic exploration — the level and direction of R & D
□ billion latitude lithium energy was developed from the director himself and from the technology legacy of Wuhan University. Liu was himself an expert in 863 and the director's identity ensured the height of the research and development. □ Liu Jin-seong: Chairman of the Heezhou billion latitude lithium energy company.
The Polytechnic University received a Bachelor of Arts (Chemical), Master of Science (Electrochemistry), Doctor of Engineering (Physics and Chemistry of Materials) 1993 in the National Centre for the Engineering of Newly Repository Materials and participated in the industrialization of the 863 nickel hydrogen batteries. 1994 in the post of Chief Engineer, General Manager of the Greater Wuhan Wukumoto Chemical Power Company Ltd. and led the development of the aaa, aaaaa and d, respectively.
In 1999, he was the Deputy Director-General of Desai Energy Technology Ltd. of Desai Group, Hue County, who led the development and production of battery assembly products such as cellular batteries, alkaline batteries and chargers.
In 2001, Lithium Energy was established at 100 million latitudes. □ Esunhei: Professor and PhD student tutor, Faculty of Chemistry and Molecular Sciences, Wuhan University.
Expert in the evaluation and supervision of major projects for electric cars, expert in the evaluation of projects for energy conservation and innovation in new energy vehicles, strategic and new industries such as the National Development and Innovation Commission; participant in the development of the National Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan, organized by the Ministry of Industry and Communications; chair of the national "973" project, the National Fund for Natural Sciences and the National "863" project.
3 Quality genetic exploration - □ ongoing patent for inventions: a search reveals that the company has 282 patents for inventions. Of these, 143 projects have been authorized. With the exception of one battery, the second battery is concentrated in the manufacture of positive and negative materials and equipment.
As you can see, the ability to make equipment is very important for companies with lithium batteries, which is one of the manifestations of the competitiveness of billions of latitudes.
□ billion latitudes of lithium are produced through anchoring high-end customers and high-end suppliers. Wang Shifeng has been responsible for quality control, 6Sigma project management, and is highly intelligent, with some insight into the height of the company’s manufacturing.
Lithium primary batteries: The company ' s production line is designed on its own and is highly intelligent, thus ensuring Māori rate and product entry into the power cell industry, the tri-dollar battery line has been imported, and although domestic equipment is now significantly outpaced by imported equipment, the company is international-class in terms of production line input.
Soft production lines, in order to ensure quality, and more jointly with sk, sk personnel have been stationed from the beginning of the production line to the present day. □ 1gw production line workers at the current 1 billion latitudes are less than 150 and belong to the first-line level of domestic power cells.
In terms of enforcement, the company’s production lines are being built at the same time as the customer’s opening and the opening of the product’s market, which, in short, is very effective and efficient. In 2016, the iron and steel-shaped lithium began to be produced, and in 2017 it reached production.
Golden Dragon's first supplier. Lithium in mouth came out of 1.3g in January-November, a ratio of 6.8%, and was ranked fourth. The passenger car came out of 0.87g, ranked third, after catl and byd.
3 Quality genetics exploration -- strong implementation, efficient employee motivation: the company has already done three periods of employee holding. Coverage of most of its staff. Wide-flash LIS-1 asset management is planned to be acquired through the secondary market between 4 December 2015 and 22 December 2015.
Phase 2 is intended to be purchased on the secondary market between 25 October 2016 and 31 October 2016. Phase 2 is intended primarily for newly introduced managers.
□ Assumption 1: Assumption movement due to the ability of the company to deliver
5gw □ in 2019 and 2020 for power cell delivery assumes 3: Māori rates for lithium primary batteries are stable and falsely maintain a Māori rate of 40 per cent in the future;
Assumption 4: Assuming that the next three-year rate for the next three years will be applied annually □ 18 years of capacity climbs in consumer batteries, 19 years of capacity will be fully released, 19 years of capacity will be fully productive, with the consumer batteries locked in large customers, at risk; 3) the consumer battery will be productive or otherwise at risk.
The Southwest Securities Corporation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
There is no conflict of interest between the company and the author, to the extent that they know it, and the securities evaluated or recommended in this report, requiring disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.