23 years of fast-track performance: the q4 drop point is on schedule and the 24-year trend is basically upwards.
Q$/+16.6 per cent price split, q4 sports shoes sold at 540 million pairs/+ about 4 per cent, we measure RMBasp at 106/+6 per cent, we expect company brand customer orders to resume + orders transferred from the supply chain to the head plant, drive the trend of q4 orders to improve production capacity.
The company’s profitability has been continuously repaired, with 23q4 net interest rate of 15.7%/+0.66pt, non-repatriated, still showing performance resilience in the inventory cycle. Twenty-three years, in the context of a high base with overseas brands, there has been short-term volatility in the number of corporate orders, benefiting from the upgrading of customer and product structures, single.
Prices have risen significantly, with companies selling 190 million pairs of sneakers throughout the year - 13.9 per cent of the same value.
It is clear that, with the return of orders to old customers as they go to the vault well, the increase in the share of older customers will be accompanied by an increase in the productivity and profitability of the company, while the company reserves its staff and steadily expands its production, responds to the growth of orders from future brand clients, improvements in the overseas consumer environment and stocking weeks for brand customers.
< < Wally Group: q3 meets expectations, profitability is expected to accelerate ahead of the industry after the end of the period. < Profit predictions and investment proposals: Companies demonstrate resilience, demand in the process of industry going to banks
With a new brand of client volume output, a revival of old customer orders, a shift in supply chain orders to the head, the company < <q2 outperforms its colleagues, and the share of the off-stock cut-off point is expected to continue to rise, while the company’s new plant climbs up and builds new production capacity progresses steadily.
Anticipating better demand + de-storage + valuation repair, Wally is the focus of the first team mark < < Wally Group: slightly over-expected performance, medium- and long-term industrial upgrading logic constant >--2022-
The lead manufacturing firm, with its strength in scale/client/managership, will continue to exchange Pacific securities on the 17th floor of the 500th floor of the State Building on North East Park Road in Shanghai.
988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102 Pacific Securities Institute.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.