q3 performance continues to be highly innovative, with expansion meeting the growth in the demand of the ai 3-quarterly report rating 2024, Quantium electricity shares (002463.sz)
Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, $9.011 billion was collected and high-end circuit boards were printed with artificial intelligence chips.
54.67 per cent longer; net profit on maternity is 708 million yuan, an increase of 53.66 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-repatriation is 695 million yuan, an increase of 60.28 per cent in the same year. Income on the single quarter, net profit on maternity and net profit on non-repatriation are higher than innovation on the same quarter. Stock has increased by 209 million yuan to 2,691 million yuan in the current quarter, an increase of 53.83 per cent from the end of last year.
q3 Māori is 34.94%, an increase of 2.82 pct over the same year; Ring Chandler wins, actively expanding production capacity to meet the growth in downstream demand. The company intends to use $4.3 billion for its own or self-financing.
The Industrial Smart Chip Approximate High-end Printed Circuitboard project was expanded to produce approximately 290,000 m2 of artificial, Smart Chip Approximate High-end Printed Circuit Sheets, with a total construction period of 8 years, to be implemented in two phases. Of this total, the first phase invested approximately 2.68 billion yuan, with 180,000 m2 of high-density interconnection plates per year, and is expected to be implemented in two phases.
The total investment of $1.62 billion is expected to be completed by the end of 2032 with high-density interlocking layers producing 110,000 square metres per year, with an additional $1.8 billion expected after the completion of the project and a net profit of $285 million expected. The implementation of the project will further expand the size of the company’s operations, optimize the product structure and enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
Investment proposals: With the development of the one, the global head cloud service provider continues to add the relevant input to facilitate cloud infrastructure development and data centre upgrading. At the supply end, it benefits from a strong demand for the one-related product, with a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
Pcb, as the “mother of electronics”, is expected to benefit from the development of the ai and the climate is expected to pick up. In addition, the continuous penetration of the ai will accelerate the upgrade of the switch, and the company's 800g switch products have been bulked in the first half of 2024 and are expected to support the public.
The Division’s performance is expected to continue to grow in the future. It is expected that the company will achieve separate harvests by 2024 to 2026. I am personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
At its peak, the Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, with its Master of Electronics and Communications Engineering, and its Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, were employed in the Ministry of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.