3-quarter review 2024: bright profit performance, ai 29 October 2024
The wave continued to strengthen corporate performance, with profits of $1.81 billion, or +105.8 per cent, of the same year and +105.8 per cent, resulting in operating income of $3.6 billion, +55 per cent, ring + 26 per cent, net return to the mother, $710 million, +54 per cent and ring + 13 per cent.
This is mainly due to a strong demand-driven order, and a surge in the structural demand for pcb in the emerging computing landscape, which boosts the profitability of this segment of the company’s business. The first half of the year, the pcb sector’s stock improvement and demand recovery led to a positive growth of the pcb market as a whole.
According to a significant increase in the share of high-end gpu products from Trendforce, NVdia, the overall share is expected to reach about 50% in 2024, an increase of more than 20% per year. In addition, the production capacity of 3nm and 5nm of power on the station has gone up.
The company has continued to increase its research and development inputs in the areas of data communications, high-speed network equipment and data centres. 800g switchboards, oam/ubb2.0 products have been delivered in bulk; gpu-type products have been certified at step 6 hdi and ready for production; and the next generation common server product based on pcie 6.0 has begun
Technical certification has been completed for products that support 224gbps speed rates. The company, as the head of the country’s digital pcb, is the first to benefit from 800g switches and ai servers, and it is expected that the demand for the ai group will continue to contribute to the increase.
On October 25, 2024, the company issued an “Advocacy on investing in a new artificial smart chip package for high-end production of circuit boards” to be printed with $4.3 billion in own or self-financed packages of artificial intelligence chips for high-end production.
The total construction period is planned to be eight years and will be implemented in two phases.
Assessment: The benefits of the emerging computing landscape are growing, the profitability of which is about 2.68 billion yuan, the annual yield of 180,000 square metres of high-density interconnectivity sheet, and the projected total investment in the second phase is 1.62 billion yuan, the annual yield of 110,000 square metres of high-density interconnectivity sheet, the forecast.
The company will further expand the production capacity of high-end products and better match the client's assessment of the high-end performance of the one with high-end capacity.
Emerging computing scenes such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc., provide medium- and long-term profitability forecasts and investment ratings for high-end printed circuit boards: based on the company being the head of the domestic pcb and a related new product, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.