Pcb q3 with high innovation and a coded build-up of ai-related capacity
On 29 October 2024, the q3 quarter realized operating income of 3,587 million yuan, an increase of 54.67 per cent in the same year and 26.29 per cent in the ring; The net return profit of 708 million yuan, an increase of 53.66 per cent in the same year and 13.03 per cent in the ring.
\triangleright Market Data: October 28, 2024
As a result of the structural demand for pcb in emerging computing scenarios such as artificial intelligence, high-speed computing servers, the company ' s end-of-life inventory increased accordingly, with its inventory at the end of the third quarter at $2.69 billion, an increase of 49.25 per cent over the same period.
The product structure continues to be optimized, and profitability is expected to rise again. With the rising ratio of higher performance, higher-higher and higher-density interconnected pcb products, the company ' s Māori ratio of 35.86 per cent in the previous three quarters increased by 5.29 pcts, with a net interest rate of 20.31 per cent, an increase of 4.89 pcts, and 34.94 per cent in the first three quarters alone.
Looking ahead, the company’s profitability is expected to increase further with the bulk of products such as oam/ubb 2.0, gpu class 6 hdi, and 800g switch. Add-a-i-related capacity to meet emerging calculations such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc.
The project's total construction period is 8 years, with a 10,000 square metre of high-density interconnectivity sheeting, with an estimated annual operating income of about $3 billion, net profit.
The implementation of this project will further expand the size of the company’s operations, optimize the product structure, enhance the firm’s core competitiveness and improve its economic efficiency.
Tung Van Dan, a foreign cloud company continues to invest more in the construction, and the demand for the i server, hpc, etc., remains strong. The company, as a digital pcb tap, fully benefits from high-end hdi, high-speed pcb.
With regard to structural demand, performance is expected to accelerate by maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating. Industry and market competition risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk; technology upgrading and innovation risk; raw materials for \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.