Aai engine is dynamic, investing in the medium- and long-term growth of the Jail.
The Division achieved business income of $9.011 billion, yoy+48.15 per cent; a net return profit of $1,848 million, a strong engine power and a promising performance. The corporate coefficients have a strong headline in the field of pcb, a strong partnership with the head of the i industry chain, and research and development and design capabilities have been maintained globally.
The lead, which has established a high level of excellence on ai servers, high-speed switches, pcb, etc., achieved a high rate of performance in the first three quarters of 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company had a full inventory of 2,691 million yuan, yoy+53.83 per cent, and construction work was under way.
The company \triangleright convened a board of directors in 2021 to consider the adoption of a semiconductor chip on new investments.
Project for the development and manufacture of high-density interlocking layers in the field of high-frequency high-speed communications for the next generation. The original project was recently adjusted, with the agreement of the Board of Directors, to a project for the expansion of high-level high-density interlocking layers for the production of new artificial intelligence chips with high-end printed circuit boards.
The project will be implemented in two phases, with a total proposed investment of RMB 4.3 billion, of which RMB 2.68 billion will be invested in the first phase and RMB 2.68 billion in the second phase.
In 2023 and in 2024, the performance forecast for the first quarter of the year was a review of the snow and snow on the slopes of the ire revolution and the productive industrial chain.
I'm overachieving, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up,
I'm sorry, cindasecuritiesco.
In November 2022, the group joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., and stored chips, simulated chips, servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.