• Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the company achieved operating income of $3.587 billion in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 54.67 per cent from the previous year;
In the area of profits, the company has achieved a net profit of $1.806 billion in non-repatriation during the last three quarters, an increase of 105.8 per cent.
The increase is mainly due to good orders and higher sales in the first three quarters. The company’s core product, the company’s new artificial intelligence chip package pcb extension, highlights the company’s confidence in the future one’s industry.
Based on the trend in the pcb market, the company actively embraced the development of the ai wave and decided to expand the production of high-density interconnectivity layers to meet the medium- and long-term demand for high-end printed circuit boards from emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence.
1) Total investment in the first phase is approximately RMB 2.68 billion; annual output is about 180,000 m2 of high RMB billion, net profit is about RMB 470 million. 2) Total investment in the second phase is about RMB 1.62 billion; annual output is about 110,000 m2 of high high
According to omdia data, the current high-speed growth of gpu and other accelerated chips for cloud computing and data centre artificial intelligence will eventually slow, but will not be released until the industry changes.
Market size has grown from less than $10 billion in 2022 to $78 billion in 2024, and Omdia is expected to eventually reach $151 billion by 2029. The server pcb product needs to be synchronized with the server chip, with product life cycle one.
In 3-5 years, maturation usually occurs in 2-3 years. With generations of chip platforms requiring upgrades in signal transmission rates, data transmission losses, cabling density, etc., the server pcb product should also be upgraded. According to the widely integrated technology offer, different server chips, different products.
Structures, corresponding to the pcb layers, with the pheromones and thickness ratios changing with the chip variations and overlaps. • Automobile electrodynamicization and intelligence are increasing demand in the pcb industry
The main force of the pcb output growth was the increase in the penetration of electric vehicles, with the average pcb value per car in pure electric vehicles (bev) being about 5-6 times that of conventional fuel vehicles, with the pcb value in the vehicle, the highest being the power control system, which is about half the value of the pcb, and the bms in the power control system.
In the light of the light quantitative trend of electric vehicles, the future phase-in of fpc (flexibleprinted circuit boards) will further increase the pcb value of the power control system.
As automatic driving levels and penetration continue to rise, the average number of electronic products, such as cameras and radars, will increase, with the pcb currently dominated by 4-8 floors, while the self-driving system has a high unit price of hdi.
Three times the four-8 floors, with hdi prices up to tens of dollars for lidar (lightdeactionand ranging, light) more than 1.3 self-driving systems, and major end-points for printing circuit boards for future vehicles using the core product of pcb for the enterprise communications market and automobiles.
In 2024, h1 accounted for 73.81 per cent and 22.09 per cent of operating income, respectively. We expect the business income of companies in the corporate communications market to print circuit boards to be 2024e-2026e, and the business income of the automobile application market to print circuit boards to be 2024e-2026e to be $2.4 billion, respectively.
Two hundred and twenty million yuan, $3 billion, an increase of 11 per cent, 5 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively, from the same year. From the company’s current Māori ratio, the business communications market’s Māori ratio, using printed circuit boards, continues to rise from the high industry climate and speed of its clients.
The main supplier of pcb on the server, considering the profitability of the company ' s products and the continuing demand for the product, the company ' s under-required research and development, the competition in the pcb industry, the pcb core fund management, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, etc., has eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.