On the right, Metomic, thorium, thorium, thorium, thorium, thorium, thorium, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs.
Collon Pharmacy (002422) incident review
The Cullen Pharmacy Industry issued an announcement that the company had recently obtained the chemical “right metomic injection fluid of hydrochloric acid” (1ml/100ug national prescription h20183150, 2ml/200ug national prescription h20183149) and “septic injection fluid” approved by the National Drug Supervisory Authority.
(100ml/5mg country drug approximation h20183157) Importation of medicines. 1. Right metomics and thorium phosphoric acids were approved on the same day, and a team of high-quality generic drug-research and development ladders came to take over the Colon pharmaceutical industry today, with company right metomics and thorium phosphoric acids receiving drug registration.
We think it's important to get two registered batches of priority products at this time, and the Klembu-based pseudo-pharmaceutical ladders, which we think is just a thick, thin-haired night before the outbreak, will soon be producing intensive products in the next 2-3 years.
It will also provide new growth points for corporate formulation plates and fluid plates, bringing back the vast research and development capacity of the Collon Institute, which has been certified as having been approved through a consistent evaluation and, in fact, a posteriori advantage.
Simultaneous pharmaceuticals promote innovative medicines, covering tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular, neuropsychiatric, diabetes, anaesthesia, and several major diseases in the country.
Space measurements: Right America is close to 2 billion markets, four competitions, with 25 per cent of the city, are expected to reach 500 million revenue levels in the future; thorium phosphate announcement data for 2016, 574 million yuan (supposing that companies only counted approved specifications), if based on a sample of doctors
Performance points establish equity incentives to provide security, and R & D cross-border market occupancy rates are expected to reach 100 million income levels in the future.3 The Collen Pharmaceutical Industry (002422), three-quarterly report on performance:
The turning point is now in place, the three drivers are gradually being realized, and the equity incentive is providing a guarantee of performance. 2016-10-28 The source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
Right-hand Metomia analysis: large varieties, higher speeds, and currently Heung-Ri’s family. Right-right metomy injection is a highly selective adrenaline agonist, used to calm patients’ trachea plugs and mechanical vents for full-body anesthesia, combined drug use during round-up surgery, and stability with creative tests or treatments.
Anaesthesia, icu, auxiliary examinations, ophthalmology, pediatrics, etc.
Diagram 1: Right Metomi determines the pattern of competition, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Aphids are injected with a third generation of diphosphate. Compared to the first or second generation of diphosphate, a single dose of this product achieves stronger and more sustainable treatments, increases bone density and reduces the risk of initial and re-emerging fractures in various parts. Each year, the drug is given, easy to use, and the patient is dependent. The phosphoric acid injectors are the only diphosphate that has been shown to reduce the risk of relapsing and mortality and are the only anti-septic that requires injections only once a year.
Osteoporosis drugs are widely recommended for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in clinical departments such as osteoporosis, osteoporology, endocrine, kidney internals, rheumatology, geriatrics, etc. Based on pdb data, the sample hospital sale of thorium thalphosate injections in 2017 was 570 million, yoy-3.9 per cent as a result of adaptive disorders.
The Chinese osteoporosis population will gradually increase and knowledge of osteoporosis will increase, as will penetration in the future; according to the competition bureau, 59 per cent of the market is dominated by the primary Novartis research product, aclasta/reclast, and there is now an import-substitution trend as domestic generics are marketed, of which 30 per cent are now marketed.
Table 2: Americium phosphate injectors approved for production, Eastern financial and intellectual sources, Colonite Pharmacy (002422).
Figure 2: Americ acid competition patterns 2. Foresight 2018, firm orientations are clear. Incentives are set to set ultra-high ratings. From 2018 onwards, the core barriers of individual segments of the company will gradually show a competitive advantage and will benefit from environmental protection, consistent evaluation policies and priorities in the future.
Chuanning’s core competitiveness lies in the difference in the price of raw materials, the world’s largest fermenter, environmental advantages, and especially environmental advantages. The core competitiveness of Trunchin’s continued profitability lies in the steady high output of the Cullen process.
The bulk of the plate, which remains stable but constantly optimized, increases the value added through internal proportional adjustment. The number of varieties approved in 2017 for his intestinal nutrition and infusion, and the rapid release of his own large channel, the profit return, is faster.
Increased concentration of the whole infusion industry is evident among the strong, and the large infusion plates are expected to show strong performance in 2018. The formulation plates are growing at a high rate.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: 600 million profits in 2018, 1.4 billion profits in fluids, close to 100 million profits in preparations, 900 million profits in research and development (costed by 800 million, capitalized by 100 million), 700 million profits in 2019, 1.5 billion profits in fluids, 300 million profits in agents, 1 billion in research and development (costed by 850 million, capitalized by 150 million) profits in companies.
3. The company is leading the national research and development effort, and the rapidly changing research and development system will continue to outpace expectations that in 2017, seven important generic drugs (table 1) from Colon will be produced continuously (with the current approval of the right metomy and americ acid, marking the Institute’s harvest period).
Reassembly monoclonal antibody injection fluids embedded in anti-skinned growth factors human rats into clinical iii phase, kl-a167 initiation of clinical i phase, recomposition of anti-vegfr2 monoclonal antibody injection fluids, vegfr2 vegfr2 approved clinical treatment, vessel protein nanoparticles, ILRC fluids hydrochloric acids, allipa long-acting clinical clearances, signalling research and output into Colon's drug research, copying a virtuous cycle for innovation: also innovative patenting overseas success
The authorization and innovation of the adc project, which is a Chinese-American double paper, marks a solid step towards internationalization of research on drugs in Collon. Table 3: Production of batch varieties during the reporting period
Collon Pharmacy (002422). The right metomicine, thorium, phosphoric acid, successively approved, was followed by Colon ' s generic pharmaceutical concentration harvest. Table 4: Companies declared production of generic pharmaceutical varieties in 2017 Table 5: Companies ' emphasis on pharmaceutical promotion of consistent evaluation varieties in 2017 (production phase)
In 2017, the company modeled pharmaceutical promotion priorities (clinical phase) The main development thinking of the Collon Institute was very systematic and clear, with imitation drug promotion for innovation. The research ahead was based on the development of high-quality generics and cornerstones, covering tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular, neurotic, diabetes, anaesthesia, etc., with high incidence and high lethality in the country.
Orient’s financial and intellectual sources: The right metonite, the thorium, and the successive approvals of thorium phosphoric acids, led to the introduction of a model of the drug’s concentrated harvest period in the field of disease. The generic aspect of pharmaceuticals, with the sequence of subsequent approved products (30-50), will greatly improve the company’s business performance and profit structure.
The company’s fluid plate is stable, the Trunching project is losing, the research and development process is steadily advancing, and the formulation plate will be resilient in the future. We judge that the point of success of the company is now 38x, 29x, and 23x, respectively.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom, the East's source of wealth and wisdom, the Colum Pharmacy (002422).
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
Its in-depth research and insights provide an analysis of its own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.