Collen Pharmaceutical Industries (002422), 3-drive full-scale energy, with the southwest securities research and development centre starting in 2018.
Recommended logic: 3-drive strategic drive: 1) 1st major infusion: industry capacity cleared, package upgraded Antibiotic whole-industry chain: Kawaning environmental solution to full production + core product price increases, 2018 performance reversed, conservatively contributing nearly $500 million net profit, optimism amounting to 1.1 billion yuan, 3) 3rd innovation R & D: corporate R & D power
In the country’s first echelon, with high-intensity R & D investment in the harvest period for the last five years, more than 10 generics will be marketed each year beginning in 2018, nearly half of which is the first heavy-pound product, and in 2020, innovation. We believe that 2018 will be the turning point for corporate performance, with a combined growth rate of over 40% over the next three years.
First, the big infusion restructuring + value returns and profitability rises. After the company took four drugs, the big infusion industry had a market share of more than 55% and was the absolute leader of the big infusion. After five years of adjustment, the industry was able to clear its output, and its profitability began to rise significantly in 2017. The company had the full range of product ladders and the widest production network.
With structural adjustment (upgraded from low-mori plastic bottles to high-mori non-pvc soft bags) and a return of value (low-mori plastic bottle prices are gradually raised), we expect to contribute $1.4 billion in 2018, second round, a price increase for the Kawaning+ product, and a loss break in 2018.
Environmentally soundings, production losses are imminent. In a tight environment, the prices of the company’s core varieties are on the rise, and performance will burst in 2018. We measure conservativeness as a net profit of $500 million, neutrality as a net profit of $800 million, optimism as a net profit of $1.1 billion, and the Trunchin project as the second most stable cash flow business of the company.
Third, R & D is in the country’s first echelon, and innovation is in the harvest period. In the last five years, the company has invested nearly $3 billion in R & D, ranked third in 2017 in all a-stock pharmaceutical listings, rising to 7%, and the company’s R & D power is already in the country’s first echelon.
More than 260 generics and ndds drugs, more than 60 innovative drug studies, leading the product ladder in the country. 1) Simultaneous pharmaceuticals: 21 to be produced, corresponding to about $35 billion in the domestic market, near half of the company's diversity progress. First or second, approval is expected in nearly two years: 2) Innovative drugs: three small innovators are reported.
Beds: Four new drug delivery systems have been approved for clinical treatment; four biomolecular varieties are in the clinical stage, of which egfr is in the clinical iii phase, with the country’s first stage of progress. More than 10 generic drugs will be marketed each year starting in 2018, and innovative drugs will be marketed in 2020, with innovation research and development entering the harvest period.
It should be 51 times the overall value. We're looking at a three-point drive, and the company's performance began to break out in 2018, giving it to the Cullen Pharmacy (002422): Big Infusion Rehydration + Trunchin Loss, 2018 q1 over-expected.
Colum Pharmacy (002422): Big Infusion and Specialized Pharmacy
The market is not aware of the company's R & D strength and its product ladder. We believe that after five years of intensive R & D investment, the company's R & D strength is in the first line of the country, with R & D in 2017 accounting for the third place in a pharmaceutical company. Pharmacy Network shows that the company's R & D combined strength was in the eighth place in 2017.
1) i.e. 21 to be produced, corresponding to about 35 billion yuan in the domestic market, nearly half of the company's number 1 or 2 in the country, which is expected to be renewed in almost two years: 2) Innovative drugs: 3 innovative little molecules reported to the clinic; 4 new drug delivery systems approved; 4
More than 10 generic drugs will be marketed each year, and innovative drugs will be marketed in 2020, and innovative research and development will enter the harvest period. At the end of the year, fewer than 40 domestic firms, and statements from major companies, show that the profitability of the industry is back on track, and we expect that the profitability of the company’s large infusion operations will continue to grow at a rate of more than 15%, mainly through: 1) structural improvements: packages are moving from plastic bottles to hair.
Non-pvc soft bag development for profit; 2) Return of value: step-by-step price increases for plastic bottles are restored to 2010 levels; 1) price increases for large liquid products are higher than expected; 2) price increases for the core products of the Trunchin project continue to run; 3) company repounding medicines are marketed: 4) companies are developing clinical progress on new medicines and clinical trial data are higher than expected.
The risk of less than expected or significant losses in the production of raw materials as a result of the Choonning project or a further environmental shutdown: the risk of below-expected performance as a result of the downside or small drop in the price of core raw materials in the Trunchin project: the risk of below-expected progress in the development or marketing of generic and innovative medicines: the risk of new marketed products being released or below-expected.
The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry was established in 1996 and, after more than 20 years of development, has become one of the most varied and well-packaged pharmaceutical manufacturers in China's liquids industry and one of the largest pharmaceutical groups with the most well-developed domestic industrial chain.
The company was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in 2010 and the company's largest shareholder is Mr. Liu Jin, the company's chairman, with 26.3% of the company's shares. The equity incentive scheme holds 0.52% of the shares, while the company buys 0.15% of the shares to be used for employee incentives, and the company has sufficient incentives.
(a) The first engine: to consolidate and strengthen the overall advantages of the injecting-agent product cluster, including \triangleright, through continuous industrial upgrading and variety restructuring, and to maintain Collen ' s absolute leading position in the area of infusion;
Second engine: global access to antibiotics through innovative development and use of high-quality natural resources such as water, coal, by-products of agriculture. \triangleright to build competitive advantages in the entire chain of antibiotics from intermediates, raw materials to formulations
Third engine: build up enterprises by building up research and development systems and diversifying technological innovations for high-technology content drugs, such as \triangleright small-molecular drugs, new delivery systems and biotechnological drugs
The company's main business is divided into three major sections around the “triple drive”: Large Infusion: The company's completed production base covers South-West, South-West, South-East, China-East and North-East.
The table contains four quarries to supplement the entire northern part of China, while the company has also built the entire industrial chain of Kazakhstan, covering the Central Asian region: the Ishai Trungin project is an intermediate, the Sichuan Nodi pharmaceutical and chemical company and the Guangxi Köln company are the raw ingredients, and the Hunan Kölnyang branch is an antibiotic agent.
Innovative research and development and formulations: the company's domestic R & D system, with the Chengdu Collen Institute of Medicine at its core, the Suzhou and Tianjin Research Branches at its two-wing, and the United States of America's New Jersey and Santiago International R & D systems.
In addition to the parent company, the core companies that have a significant impact on performance are Quantico plastics, Hunancollen, Ishacochinin, and Stones.
Great delays: the major infusion operations and the soft bag operations of the four major drug camps, although only 20 per cent of the holdings, are profitable. Annual compound increases in corporate income and net profit returns were 17.8 per cent and 10.3 per cent, respectively, in 2008-2017. The development of the company was divided into three main stages: 1) by 2013: hospitals were banned from producing large infusion formulations and implementing gmp recognition in 2002
Certification management, large infusion boom, with corporate and parent net profit compound growth rates of 21.2 per cent and 21.2 per cent, respectively, in 2008-2013, with a steady increase in corporate income from large infusions, while profit margins were held back by the environmental failure of the Ishakawaning project, and the return net profit fell to $580 million in 2016: 3) 2017 to date: the Trunchin project gradually lost its output and lost a great deal.
The liquid sector has been exposed to the bottom of the water industry and has seen its revenues rise by 33.4 billion yuan, compared with 33.5 per cent, and the net profit from maternity by 750 million yuan, compared with 28.4 per cent, as the large infusion industry has regressed, the environmental protection of the Ishakawaning project has been approved through production and new drugs, and the company has become fully well-driven.
In terms of income structure: In 2017, the income from the Great Han fluid amounted to $7.58 billion, or 66 per cent, from the Trunchin project to $1.85 billion, or 16 per cent, and from non-infusion formulations (mainly Esciplana herbate, rehabilitation of new liquids, abdominal fluids and plastic water needles) to $1.90 billion, or 17 per cent.
In terms of Māori contributions: in 2017, Māori contributed about $4.83 billion, or 82%, of the total. Māori contributed about $1.040 billion, or 18%, of the non-IDUs (including non-IDR formulations and the Trunchin project. Given the real loss of $749.7 million in 2017, the actual Māori contribution of non-IDR formulations should be close to 20%.
2 1st wave, large infusion structure improvement + value return, profit capacity up 2.1 major infusion clinical applications are extremely wide, and the package is being upgraded to non-pvc soft bags with a large volume injection fluid commonly known as large infusion (largevolumeparential, lvp), usually meaning capacity greater than 50 ml
The liquid sterilizer that is imported directly into the body by an intravenous drip is an important branch of the injection. The infusion has the characteristics of a large volume of direct infusion in the body, its rapid efficacy, its reliability and its suitability for first aid, and its clinical use is widespread. At the same time, when compared to its formulation, a large-volume injection injects the drug directly into the veins into the body blood, it can be distributed over time, so it can be delivered to the whole body.
The quality of liquid products, which are essential for clinical safety, must ensure sterile, heat-free, insoluble particles, long-term storage stability, heat-resistant sterilization, with relatively high requirements for the production environment.
The main forms of packaging currently present in the country's market for the large infusions are: boulders, plastic bottles, non-pvc.
The advantages and disadvantages of the three types of soft bags (including straight soft bags) and the different forms of infusion products are as follows: Table 3: Classification of large infusions by clinical use, in the different forms of packaging described above, the bottles, because of their long history, their stability, the habit of use by medical personnel and their low cost
The plastic bottles are becoming one of the main forms of packaging of the fluids, not the pvc, which is technologically safe and efficient, and the fully closed fluids avoid secondary contamination, in line with the nationalization of the plastic bottle production equipment and the accompanying fungus, the irrigation equipment, etc., and the ease of transport.
And environmental requirements are a major development in the technology of large infusion. According to the structure of the Cullen pharmaceutical industry, we now expect that there will be about 10% of large infusions, about 50% of plastic bottles, and about 40% of non-pvc soft bags. 2.2 The big infusion industry will hit the bottom, and there will be a marked increase in profitability in 2017.
The development of the large infusion sector was divided into five main stages: before 2000, the industry was extremely unregulated and there were more than 400 manufacturers; between 2000 and 2002, the State enforced gmp certification and the initial increase in industry concentration; during the period 2003-2012, the full coverage of the national health insurance led to the release of demand, while the industrial package was upgraded from glass to plastic bottles;
In a policy environment of “restrictiveness, restriction of delivery,” the market for large infusions has shrunk sharply, while tendering and bargaining have led to a period of micro-interest. In the winter of the industry, small- and medium-scale enterprises have gradually withdrawn from the market, and we expect that by the end of 2017 we will have large infusions.
There are fewer than 40 firms (one in the same group). According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries and the China-Yuan-Girl Annual Report, the bulk of the infusion was around 10 billion bottles of bags in 2016. We estimate that the share of the top4 was over 80%, with the collen drug industry and quartz 4 in the list accounting for 57.7% of the market share in the United States, and we believe that the concentration of the industry will increase even further, with the company being the home country.
Large infusion is an absolute leader. While sales have been growing steadily over the years from the sales of large infusion enterprises, Māori rates and gross profit contributions have mostly increased year by year, indicating that the industry is at the bottom, and the profitability of leading firms, such as us, has increased significantly.
The main reasons are considered to be: 1) product upgrading: the high ratio of non-pvc soft bags (including straight ones) has increased, the price of non-pvc soft bags (including straight ones) has been more than two times that of plastic bottles and the Māori rate has been more than 50%; 2) value has returned: industry has taken up a meta/bottle with a medium price lower than 0.8-0.9 yuan. From 2009 to the present, material prices, manpower costs and gmp production have been set up.
The price and cost of all inputs have increased substantially, but the price of the bulk is not rising or falling, the bulk is sold cheaper than the mineral water, many small and medium-sized enterprises, the bulk of the main fluids, the price and cost have been reversed, and the price of the industrial plastic bottles is gradually returning as the industry becomes more productive and concentrated. 2.3 The strongest product mix + the widest production network, and the backbone of the bulk fluids continues to grow steadily in certainty.
According to data on the operations of the major infusion enterprises, there has been a steady increase in the volume of major infusion sales. In the light of the increase in the number of consultations in the country’s medical institutions, we expect that sales in the major infusion industry will be at an all-time low and will continue to increase in the number of places in the future, in line with the growth in the number of consultations in the country’s health-care institutions, at between 2 and 5 per cent.
Industry growth has focused on structural change: 1) upgrade and return value of packages converted from plastic bottles to non-pvc soft bags; 2) upgrading of products developed from basic to therapeutic fluids. In packaged materials: companies own the country’s best package of large liquids, except traditional glass and plastic bottles, public
The annual National Science and Technology Progress Award has a price-fixing advantage in bidding. Soft bags are usually twice the price of plastic bottles, 50-70 per cent of soft bags and 10 per cent of plastic bottles; today, the number of corporate glass bottles (mostly therapeutic fluids) is about 6 per cent, the number of plastic bottles (mostly ordinary fluids) is about 50 per cent, and the sum of soft and unattachable bags is about 50 per cent.
At about 44%, and 80% of the large infusion packages abroad, there is much room for upgrading the company’s package structure.tri-chamberbag Collen has taken the lead in the country in confronting the technical difficulties of the non-pvc multi-layered commolymbrane-segregated fluid bags, producing them.
Three floors of squeezing fluid in three rooms. The three-room envelopes are separated from two unplugged pvc soft bags into three separate cavity chambers with glucose injection fluids, amino acid injection fluids and fat milk, and the three-chamber bag innovative bag design and process techniques enhance the safety of all intestinal nutrition products.
Sexuality and accessibility, while ensuring the efficacy of the treatment and the safety of the patient's medication, are the ideal options for people in serious clinical situations.
Plasticampoul, Lake North Collen, is a fully-owned subsidiary of the Cullen pharmaceutical industry, the first domestic firm in the country to be registered with polypropylene plastic enzymes. Compared to traditional glass enzymes, polypropylene is open.
Production of dust and dust, increased occupational protection for health-care personnel and effective reduction of the incidence of medical-origin infections; easy to break and easy to transport storage; integrated production using formulation, filling, sealing and meeting end-of-life requirements above F0 values of 8.
Polypropylene is a great advantage in terms of safety, convenience and environmental protection, which must replace the glass acetylene, which will become the dominant form of water pin packaging in the future. In the area of products: currently, therapeutic fluids account for 26-28% of the company ' s major fluids, of which therapeutic fluids are produced.
The Māori rate is significantly higher than the average Māori rate. And with the introduction of the company ' s high-end therapeutic fluid product, the Māori margin gap has increased year by year, from 2.7 percentage points in 2013 to 9 percentage points reported in mid-2017. The company is now actively developing new double-room bags and multi-bedroom fluids (e.g., the first double-room bags approved for listing) ... for production and approval.
More than 10 clinically approved intestine nutrients. That is, with the introduction of products such as high intestine nutrients, the company's big infusion is profitable, the combination of stone four drugs forms the most powerful production network in the country: the big infusion is characterized by large quantities, volume and quality, and because of its relatively low weight and unit value, the big infusion has a relatively short economic transport radius.
On November 17, 2017, the company and, through its wholly-owned company, Kleen International (02005) stockholdings reached 20%, became involved in the management of the stone 4 drug. The main advantage area of the stone 4 drug is Hebei, which covers the north China area, and is complementary to that of the company, i.e. the public.
With the exception of the north-west, the division has achieved national coverage, with a much better regional coverage than other large infusion enterprises. Given the moderately high concentration of major infusions abroad, we believe that companies will further increase their market share through strong alliances with quartz.
Return to normal: 3) Structure: The ratio of non-pvc soft bags (including straight soft bags) to higher-end therapeutic fluids is higher: the Department, as the country ' s absolute leader of the largest infusion, combined with the strongest product ladders plus the most full production network, is expected to sustain more than 15 per cent positive growth in the company ' s large infusion earnings.
In the second case, at the end of the year, there will be a significant improvement in the performance of 2018 and a steady increase in the market for 3.1 antibiotics. The whole industry chain layout will become another cash flow business. The company has become a leader in the big infusion industry, and the big infusion will make a net profit of more than $1 billion a year.
The construction of a complete industrial chain from antibiotics intermediates to raw materials to preparations began in 2011 with a sample hospital sale of 22.7 billion yuan in 2017, which, after amplification, is expected to be more than 120 billion yuan, with a steady growth in industry in recent years since the use of antibiotics was restricted in 2012. We believe that the company's agreement with the sale and clinical use of the major fluids and antibiotics products is based on the company's agreement.
With the same effect, the entire industry chain of antibiotics will become another performance growth point and a stable cash flow business for the company, with the company ' s antibiotics intermediate operating mainly in Ishasha Trunchin, and the raw materials in the primary branch (mainly in penicillin), Sichuan Node and Guangxicolon (mainly in the form of cephalics), and the preparations in the main.
Ishao Trungin, a fully-funded subsidiary of the Colon Pharmaceuticals industry, was established in April 2011 in the Eining Park, a national economic district of Holgos, covering an area of 1,219 acres, with a total investment of about $6.5 billion. The Ishashakawa ton antibiotics intermediate project was developed using the state-of-the-art technologies of domestic and foreign biomagnetization, chemical extraction, enzyme decomposition, control and energy-efficient environmental protection, which is Xinjiang Uighur.
The Trunchin project is divided into two phases: a project on sulfur cyanide: production of sulfur cyanide, based on agricultural by-products such as corn starch, corn syrup, soybean powder, vegetable oil, etc.
The Tsunning Project has been fully completed and the first phase has been completed for almost two years, but the second phase has not been fully achieved due to environmental concerns.
With a production deficit of only $13.92 million in 2016 and a loss of $74.97 million in 2017, the second phase has now passed the environmental test, which is mainly for penicillin, and the Guangxi branch, which is mainly responsible for the production of sorghum-based drugs for the Tshon Ning II 10,000, with a loss in the first half of 2017. As the operation matures, we expect that the  project will be significantly reduced in 2018, and Guangxi will lose it.
3.2 Large amounts of money have been invested in the environment, the second acceptance has passed, and the performance of Kawaning in 2018 will be significantly improved. The most severe environmental law in history was officially enacted in 2015. With the stringent implementation of new environmental standards in 2016-2017, the entire industry was under unprecedented environmental pressure, and antibiotics raw materials were reshuffled.
The period has been characterized by a lack of productivity and a lack of revenue from the smell, which in 2014 - 2017 has hampered the company’s overall performance. The environment-friendly “3 waste” facility system built with the Trunchin project covers more than 300 acres, invests more than 1.7 billion yuan, the environment-friendly “3 waste” system covers more than a quarter of the company’s total area, and environmental inputs account for 25 per cent of the company’s total investment in the project.
This is the largest single-body environmental investment project in China’s pharmaceutical industry ever. On March 12, 2018, the two-phased project in Kawaning successfully passed an environmental inspection, which meant that environmental problems were solved by the Trunchin project, which had been a drag on the company’s performance for years.
Sulphur cyanide erythrocyte profile: The mother ' s core for the production of big cyclic esters is the basis for large cyclic esters such as erythrin, tasteless erythrin, ammonium acetic methin, erythrocycin, Achitrocin, Kramoxin, Telilimoxin, etc., and can also be used as a veterinary drug with a wide market space.
Supply-demand relationship: global demand for the industry is around 9,000 tons, with a high concentration of industry supply, mainly from companies (3,000 tons), Xiandong Sunpowder (4,000-5,000 tons) and Ningxia Qin Qing Yuan (3,000 tons, starting in December 2017) Prices and cost judgements: industry is in a tight supply balance for environmental reasons, price trends are upwards, current prices are up to date
\triangleright 370/kg, with further space for upscaling. On the cost side, the company has started to grow corn, using slags, etc., in the 7-acca profile: the mother nucleus that is most commonly used in cerebral bacterium.
Cytocinases, high efficacy, low toxicity, low allergic reaction, etc., play a very important role in anti-infection treatment. Supply-demand relationship: industry demand is about 6,000-7000 tonnes and currently has over 8,000 tonnes of domestic production capacity, of which companies \triangleright
Prices and cost judgements: The industry is currently oversupplying, with the latest price of $480 per kilogram, and the \triangleright grid going further requires a further contraction of industrial capacity. The short and medium term of the company lies in the region closer to Central Asia.
The advantage is that imports of soybeans reduce production costs and company costs are expected to decrease to $270 per kilogram.
Major intermediates in Rasilin, Kravicaric acid and Amosilin. Supply and demand relationship: the penicillin industrial salt industry requires 60-7 million tons, domestic production capacity is expected to be around 100,000 tons, and major enterprises such as Henanhua Star, Stone Pharmaceutical Group and China North are either cut off or significantly reduced due to environmental problems, and actual production is slightly below demand;
Tens of thousands of tons), innermontine pharmaceuticals (5,000 tons), national medicine Wichida (7,000 tons), and other 3,000 tons in total. Prices and cost judgement: the industry is currently in a tight balance of supply and prices are in a position to move further.
(Note: 1bou approximately 0.65 kg) The Trunchin project has introduced the project as a local priority, benefiting from a five-year tax exemption (projected until 2019). Considering that there is still room for cost decline and room for price increases, we measure the net profit contribution of the Trunchin project as follows:
Conservative situation: full output, current bid prices and cost systems remain unchanged, contributing nearly 500 million yuan in net profits; \triangleright neutral: full output, current bid prices are constant, costs are reduced to the target cost, contributing nearly 800 million yuan in net profits;
\triangleright, in conjunction with Guangxi Collon '2018, where there was a significant reduction in the loss of , we judged that the second edition of the whole chain of antibiotics in 2018 would be significantly improved, contributing at least $500 million to the company ' s performance, making it the company ' s second most stable cash cow business.
4 Third, R & D is the country's first team, innovation is in the harvest period, and innovation R & D is a source of long-term growth momentum for pharmaceutical companies and the third most important driver of corporate development. Guided by the "3-D" development strategy, the company established the Collon Pharmaceutical Institute in 2013 and established it after Dr. Wang Jing Wing joined forces.
The research and development approach “Innovative Medicines for the Future”, which is based on generic drugs, focuses on global unsatisfied clinical needs, new targets for disease and advances in new technologies, advances in chemical small molecules, biomagnoses and new delivery systems (ndds) for China and the global market, and focuses on global subversive innovation, breakthrough treatment.
The company has now developed a national research and development system with a central research institute (Changdu) as the core, a southern research institute (Suzhou)/North research institute (Tianjin) as the two-wing, and an international research and development system in the United States with a research institute (West Santiago and East New Jersey).
Since 2011, the cost of corporate R & D has increased significantly, with a cumulative investment of nearly R & D = 3 billion yuan in 2017, with all a share of publicly listed companies ranked third, rising to over 7%. Over 2240 R & D staff at the Collon Institute have initiated research on more than 320 drugs, more than 260 of which are generics and ndds.
Drugs, more than 60 innovations: More than 90 leaders from well-known firms in the country and abroad were introduced, and a scientific, well-structured and internationally integrated innovation research and development team was successfully built. Based on the pharmaceutical research and development strength of PIDN in 2017, the company’s research and development capabilities are in the first ranks in the country.
Table 7: Pharmacy Network drugs development ranking 2017 (Remark: Health dollar eliminated and Leather Group R&D costs)
In terms of treatment, companies cover anti-cancer, anti-infection, central nervous, and intestinal nutrients. In contrast, innovative and biopharmaceuticals are concentrated in the anti-cancer field, with seven anti-cancer varieties, four in one and two in the other.
4.1 Domestic generics: more than 10 varieties will be listed each year, with no shortage of heavy-pound products. In 2017, a total of 6 varieties were marketed, an evaluation of the consistency of three varieties of generics was accepted, one of which was accepted, and 21 different varieties of generics are in production readiness.
The harvest is already under way and is expected to take place in almost one to two years, with nearly half of these products being heavy-pound products. According to the pdb database, these varieties were sold at a total of $8.6 billion in 2017 in sample hospitals, and are expected to be sold on a scale of about $35 billion after scaling up, with more than 10 products on the market, with firm-wide counterfeiting and development clearly entering the harvest period.
4.1.1 Injecting sodium Parishe: The company’s first example, 300-500 million meta-grade varieties are used mainly for post-operative pain treatment, and are one of the essential medicines for clinical multi-module pains.
Since it was listed, it has been recommended for extensive treatment for post-surgery pain in general surgery, gynaecology, orthopaedics, orthopaedics, etc.
Colon's injection of sodium Parished was the preferred type for the review, which was marketed in November 2017 as a national model, and although a number of companies are now reporting that the company is expected to have a significant advantage at the earliest until the end of 2018. The company's 4.1.2 acetamino amino acid (18) injection fluid: a single double room bag, 1 billion meta-level varieties
The AAA IDU is a nutrient infusion and was first listed in Germany in 1995 by Fersenius Cabi, the world’s first marketed supplemental substance for an aminoamide. Since it was listed, it has been widely used by various national and international authorities, and it is one of the most important conditions in a human body that requires amino acid, in a state of stress such as surgical trauma, burns, infections, etc.
A significant decrease in plasma and musculoskeletal alam amphetamine levels has led to protein synthesis disorders, intestinal membrane atrophy, immuno-deficiency and increased risk of infection and death. Various clinical studies and analyses have shown that external supplementation of anamphetamine has been effective in improving the mechanical inhibition state, preventing the contraction of enteroline membranes, reducing the transfer of intestinal bacteria and intratoxin, thereby reducing infection rates, reducing infection rates and reducing the incidence and
Disorders, reduced hospitalization and lower mortality rates, and improved clinical outcomes for patients. High levels of AAA aminoamide injectors, direct injections can stimulate blood vessels and AAA is a single nutrient component, which is often given at the same time as other amino acids in order to prevent their transformation into other amino acids, in order to better perform the clinical function.
So, clinical use usually involves five times the amount of diluted fluids (commonly used amino acid solutions) that are ready to be fed. Neither the original product nor the domestic market can be given a direct bet, while the company’s product is the first two-room bag product, which, under external forces, is connected to the two cavity chamber to be given a direct bet, and the agent-type advantage is clear.
At present, acetylamide is widely used in the country, providing national health care coverage for type B. Although the amount fell in 2017, the sale of sample hospitals has remained stable at around $900 million in recent years, and is estimated to be around $3 billion after amplification. The first three aces are, in the pattern: Warei Pharmaceuticals (150 million, 17 per cent), Companies (140 million, 16 per cent) and Congenital Medicines.
Industry (130 million yuan, or 15%). Because of the high number of multi-bag barriers, Heisco and the companies in the country only have approved related products, we believe that the company is expected to take a larger share of the product. We believe that this species is expected to contribute more than 1 billion yuan. 4.1.3 fat-amino acid (17%) injectable fluids: i.e., 800 to 1 billion species.
The fat emulsifiable acid (17) glucose (11%) is injected with a fixed proportion of fat milk, amino acid, glucose and electrolysis for nutritional support for people who are unable or inoperable or forbidden to nutrient via mouth/intestinal tract, to meet the nutritional needs of most patients.
The “one-size-fits-all” nutrient infusion using the industrialization triple bag is the current trend and the recognized best form of intestine nutrient treatment. The three-litre package formulation of the “one-size-fits-all” is fixed compared to the “three-litre” in the sequence of infusions, multiple vials or hospital-made kits, i.e., it can be used immediately, shortening the formulation time, reducing the risk of mismatching, and reducing metabolic complications and infectors.
The product, originally developed as Faisen Yuskaby, was first marketed in Sweden and Denmark in 1999 under the title perikabiven, with 1440ml, 1920ml and 2400ml. More than 85 countries, including the United States of America, the United Kingdom and China, have so far registered.
Since it has been listed, the treatment of patients with cancer, severe pancreas, severe burns, obstructive yellow brooms, complex surgery and icu has been widely recommended by various national and international authorities for large-scale surgery. The product was approved for listing in China in 2004, with a commercial name, Kavin, for the National Health Care Group B. 2012-2017
The sample hospital market continued to grow in size, amounting to 510 million yuan in 2017, or 11.5% of the year, with a compound rate of 6.5%. The pattern was largely dominated by foreign monopolies, with Fison Yuskaby accounting for 87% of the total, amounting to 440 million yuan. The company announced that the Chinese market would sell around 1.330 billion yuan in 2016.
Only Heisco was approved for this product, but no other domestic enterprises have declared it, and we believe it is expected to contribute between $800 million and $1 billion. Figure 31: Fat milk + amino acid + glucose patterns in 2017 (in billions) 4.2 Innovative Small Molecular Drugs: 3 pounds of products declared clinically
The Collon Institute Innovation Centre currently has 44 research varieties focusing on neoplasms, liver diseases, infections, etc., and has completed 2 clinical declarations. 4.2.1kl100137 fat milk injection fluids: new intravenous drugs, $2 billion in innovative drugs
Anaesthesia includes all-round anaesthesia, local anaesthesia, anaesthesia and muscular laxation, which is divided into intravenous anesthesia and inhaling anaesthesia.
According to data from the National Statistical Office, the number of inpatient surgeries has increased every year in recent years, reaching 5,082,000 in 2016, with a compound increase of approximately 9% over the last 10 years. The volume of surgeries has led to a sustained increase in the size of the narcotics market, which, according to the sample hospital data, reached 2.07 billion yuan in 2017, of which almost 70% are intravenous and is projected to be a national intravenous drug.
At present, clinically commonly used intravenous anesthesias include papol, ester, right metomitone, and mida sulfon. Propentol is the most widely used anaesthesia in clinical settings, accounting for nearly 80% of the market for intravenous anaesthesia, but low blood pressure still exists.
The risk of an adverse reaction, such as respiratory suspension, injection pain or haemorrhage intravenous arthritis. Kl100137 fat milk is a new, fast short-lasting I.V.P. drug developed by the company itself and a product of the company ' s first approved clinical trials of new small molecules. Non-clinical studies show that the species is used by activating the gabaa receptor.
Anaesthesia, characterized by rapid efficacy, rapid induction and stability, non-accumulation after sustained injection, awakening rapidly, no visible respiratory and cardiovascular inhibition, overdoses that can be reversed by Felmasini, is superior in efficacy and safety to Propofol and Rimazulon, while kl100137 is a fat-milk-injecting fluid, which is clinically available without reprogramming.
Kl100137 was approved for clinical treatment at the end of 2017 and is currently in the process of clinical preparation, and is expected to be marketed around 2020, with a potential for 2 billion pounds of heavy weight products in the case of pethol. 4.2.2kl07002:1 anti-cancer drug, $2 billion in innovation.
The treatment of chemotherapy is still the cornerstone of today's treatment of oncological drugs, with more precise efficacy, but there are obvious adverse effects and oncological resistance at the dose. Kl070002 is the company's first autonomously developed new cellular, autonomous intellectual property, anti-cancer drug, which was approved for clinical treatment in June 2017. The company's non-clinical research data indicate that it is more active than it is.
Gisita and Kapaytabin, etc., have significant synergies with the Solafeni association; the pancreas cancer model for the Gisita Ribbon resistance has been effective; tolerance is good, the toxic spectrum is similar to that of the Gisita Ribbon; oral drugs are available to improve patients' drug dependence, etc. According to the hospital data, Kl070002 anti-degenerative oncology drugs were sold close to $5 billion in 2017, and are expected to be scaled up close.
20 billion yuan, of which 670 million yuan and 940 million yuan could be sold to the sample hospitals in the target countries of Gisita and Kapayta in 2017, after which the product could be marketed and become a 2 billion-volume heavyweight product. 4.2.3kl130008 capsules: treatment of rheumatism arthritis, between 10 and 20 billion ounces of innovative drugs.
Small molecular targets are one of the dominant trends in research and development in the field of rheumatism. Jak-stat signals are an important mechanism for immunisation.
Advantages, providing new treatment strategies for the treatment of rheumatological arthritis, so the Jak inhibitor has the same treatment status as the biological agent in the foreign authority guidelines. kl130008 capsules are the company ' s autonomously developed, intellectually owned, innovative little molecule jak inhibitor, to be used in the wind.
Wet arthritis treatment is currently at the clinical review stage. Preclinical research data show that the kl130008 mechanism is clear that efficient and selective suppression of jak stimulant activity has been achieved while significant mitigation of rheumatic arthritis conditions has been achieved, and that it is well-equipped and currently stands at $2.86 billion in the country's sample hospital for anti-inflammation and anti-rheumatological drugs, which is estimated to be more than $10 billion after scaling up.
Jak inhibitors for the treatment of rheumatological arthritis are now on the market Xeljanz (Tofaitib) and oliumiant (Barricke Nibaricitinib). According to ims, the global sales of taupulega in 2017 amounted to $1.46 billion, an increase of 52.6 per cent compared to the 52.6 per cent recorded in March 2017 for imports of taupules, which were approved in the country and are now only for companies and positive weather.
Production is declared, and all the other businesses are clinically active. The Torote is the first to be marketed, and the kl130008 capsule will be primed, and we think that the kl130008 capsule will become a 1-20 billion-volume heavy-pound product. 4.3 Biomolecular drugs: four heavy-pound products are clinically active.
In the areas of mature targets, new targets for oncology immunization, adc drugs, 24 projects have been initiated and phased in: the first in the country to declare a cetuximabiosimilar (cetuximabiosimilar) is nearing completion of the i-Clinical Study: the Ramorumarbbisosimilar (Ramucirum) at the end of 2016.
Clinical declaration in March of year: pd-l1 Innovative Mono-Responsive Project declared clinically in March 2017 and planned to declare innovative projects in the second half of the year 4.3.1 Reorganization of antivegfr2 monoclonal antibody injection fluids: first-time clinical treatment, 1 billion grade products vegfr2 antagonizers are recognized as the preferred drugs for second-line stomach cancers, and the mechanism of action is to suppress oncological vascular production and their adaptive kits
Ceramza, the first global target developed by the Imclone, which focuses on biopharmaceutical development, was vegfr2 (the intravascular growth factor receptor 2), an antibody drug, designed to contain tumours by curbing oncological production, in November 2014 in the United States, Japan and Europe.
The Alliance has approved the listing of the only second-line drug for the treatment of stomach cancer that does not require screening of patients, which has been recommended by the authoritative guidelines as the stomach, the second-line preferred drug for cancer, as well as treatment for rectum cancer, non-small cell lung cancer. According to the ims data, the global sales in 2017 amounted to $760 million, a 28% increase from the previous year, and is expected to be overtaken in the near future.
One billion dollars worth of heavy-duty products. So far, no anti-drugs have been marketed in the country (not including Hong Kong and Autain), the original research is in three stages of clinical phase, the same targets are in clinical phase, companies, long-range pharmaceuticals and Hwang Hanlin have been approved for clinical treatment, and other firms are still in a state of review. The company has developed a restructuring of the anti-vegfr2 anti-aminolic acid sequences and
Cyramza is consistent with better prescriptions, stable process, manageable quality, and highly similar to non-clinical efficacy, drug substitution, safety features and cyramza. We expect the species to be a biosimilars or a 1 billion grade heavy weight product. 4.3.2 Reassemble the anti-surveillance factor subreceptor (egfr) human rats with a single cloned antibody fluid: ii period order
Part, billion-dollar species of surface growth factor receptor (epidermalgrovethfactorreceptor, egfr), a glycoprotein, one of her family members of the skin growth factor receptor.
Cell surfaces, egfr-guided signals play an important role in the physiological processes of cell growth, enrichment and polarization. The mutation causes excessive expression and sustained activation of egfr, so cells are divided indefinitely and uncontrollable, leading to the formation of tumors.
The cetuximab was listed in Switzerland in 2013 as the first unique needle to be marketed worldwide, and the lag1 antibody drug of egfr growth factor receptors, imclonone (in 2008).
As an egfr inhibitor, the drug is currently being used to treat transient rectum cancer, and there are non-transferable cervical and non-small cell lung cancers. According to pdb data, the global Westwards has been stable in recent years, at around $1.7 billion.
After entering China in 2006, the sample hospital in 2017 was about 220 million yuan, magnifying it by more than 800 million yuan, an increase of about 18% over the same year. Companies declared a variety of products that belonged to the biological analogue of the West Tosshaw to successfully declare the product as their first liquid agent, and are now the fastest-growing in both the three-stage clinical phase, while others are at the clinical review or preparation stage.
The company ' s product specifications are the same as those of the West Tosso unlisted in the North American region, the clinical use of which does not require dilution of formulations, direct intravenous drips that effectively avoid the risk of secondary contamination in the clinical process, increase the patient ' s drug safety, and significantly reduce the burden of work on the medical staff and prevent mismatching.
Treatment brings with it new options, and a sample of hospital products is expected to become a 1 billion grade heavy weight product. 4.3.3 Injection of recombinant human platelets to produce pelican-fc blended proteins: clinical report, 1 billion-dollar scale.
Romiplostim (Chinese common name: Romištin, English commercial name: nlate) amino acid sequences are identical to those of a biological group. Romištin can increase the number of blood plate counts by combining it with the extraneous area of c-mpl from which the cell produces the receptor (c-mpl).
Global sales amounted to $640 million a year. Romitstin was used mainly for second-line treatments for immunocellulin reduction (itp), offering new options for treatment of intolerant or poorly answered tp patients with sugar cortex hormones, and having high efficiency, low frequency of delivery, better safety, etc.: in addition, preliminary clinical studies showed a reduction in cits due to chemotherapy.
There is a potential clinical value and a greater advantage in safety than other drugs (reorganization of rhtpo and reorganisation of il-11). Only three drugs are currently listed in the country to re-organize human blood platelets to generate a vegan fluid (rhtpo), and hospital data show that sales in 2017 were over $500 million, an increase of 23.7% compared to the 23.7%, and are projected to be close to 2 billion in size.
Euros. The Romitsting mechanism is the same as the inner source tpo, but it can effectively reduce the likelihood of immunosupplasticity and increase drug safety compared to the recombinant rhtpo, due to the lack of tpo sequences from the internal source. Meanwhile, the Romístins integrated the antibody structure and significantly increased the half-life of the drug.
The country’s only three companies, Ted and Chiru Pharmaceuticals, are now in a clinical phase, with good competition patterns. Given that Romitstin will replace tpo, and that the company’s use of Bacillus is more cost-effective, we believe that the product is expected to contribute 1 billion tons of revenue to the company’s listing.
4.3.4 pd-l1 human-sourced monolithic resistance kl-a167 injection fluids: during clinical i period, the heavy weight star product pd-1/pd-l1 target is one of the transmission routes of the immuno-censor (immunetecheckpointinhibitors) and belongs to the t cell immunomunomuno-repressive signal circuit, like the “brake” of oncological immunisation. Currently, the pd1/pdl1 target has become oncological immunisation.
The hottest target for treatment is to cut off activated co-repressive signals by unplugging the brakes. Three of the antibodies are on the market, Tecentriq, Bavencio, Merk and Pfizer, and Imfinzi, with precise and breakthrough treatments in multiple malignant tumours.
The company’s announcement predicts that global sales of pd-l1 will reach $2.5 billion in 2020. All three of the pd-l1 units currently imported have been approved for clinical treatment at the iii stage, six companies in the country have declared for clinical purposes, and only companies, Koning Jerry, Henry and Stone Medicines have been approved for clinical treatment and are currently in the clinical phase.
The reported kl-a167 effects on the oncological immune target pd-l1, with a completely new sequence. Non-clinical research data show that kl-a167 is effective when combined with pd-l1, with a clear understanding of the effects of multiple physical tumors such as colon cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and better tolerance and safety than traditional chemotherapy.
Innovative small molecules and biotechnological drugs that can be used in conjunction with kl-167 can be used in the future for joint drug research with kl-a167, which, when successfully marketed, will provide better drug options for treatment of high malignant tumours in the country, such as non-small cell lung cancer, liver cancer, rectum cancer, and stomach cancer. We believe that when kl-a167 is marketed, it is likely that it will become more than 1 billion pounds of weight products for companies.
4.4 New delivery systems: Four platform technologies, four products reported as clinical, and currently Colon has a total of 17 projects on four technical platforms, four of which have been declared as clinical, in lipids (liposome), nanoparticles (nanoparticle), microcrystal, microball (microsphere) and two of which are currently declared as clinical.
The company has been able to compete well in the new delivery system. 4.4.1 ILRC injection fluids: approved clinically, 500-100 million in volume.
Eliukang is a soothsayer, which can be specifically combined with the sophoresis enzyme so as to prevent the soothing of the amphiboles by repairing the dna gap, leading to cellular death, a cell poison analogue and a wide spectrum anti-cancer drug. Eliukang, as a first-line treatment drug, has received treatment guidelines for non-small cell lung cancers, small cell lung cancers, dietary cancers, etc.
After that, global sales peaked at $1 billion, with sales reaching around $500 million in 2017, and currently about $500 million in sample hospitals in the country, which, after magnification, are expected to be common injectables. The main negative side effects of the general injection type should be neutral particle cell reduction and diarrhoea, with long-term applications that are unsustainable.
The lipid body is a target drug carrier, a new agent for the delivery system. It has a cellular structure that enters the body, which is predominantly consumed by the mesh interior system and activates the autoimmune function of the organism, and changes the distribution of the packaged drug, which results in the accumulation of the drug mainly in tissue organs such as liver, spleen, lung and bone marrow, thereby increasing the treatment index of the drug and reducing it.
According to China’s pharmaceutical network, more than a dozen products have so far been marketed, and in addition to the lipid vaccine, the fat drugs listed are mainly cytotoxical anti-cancer drugs, such as Eliacone, Doroby Star, sugar schnapps, sophoxin, spring salin and violinol, in addition to painkillers, and the anaesthetic Bubicaine.
The anti-fungular mesinb. Currently, the univyde type of the Ili-Little-Little-Little-Little agent was approved by fda in 2015 for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. According to the ims database, the product has been marketed for more than $100 million over two years. As the adaptive condition increases, we think it should be.
The product is expected to be a $1 billion heavy weight product. Imports are not currently on the market, seven companies in the country have been approved for clinical treatment, and 4.4.2 is injected with violet supremol/Dosita (teprotein combination): together, it can be up to $3 billion, violet supremol (teprotein combination) was developed by the United States company abraxisbioscience and acquired fda in 2005
Abraxane's first approved treatment for transferary breast cancer has been expanded to non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. As the adaptive disease continues to grow, sales of this variety have increased, reaching $1.16 billion globally in 2016, and are expected to outpace $2 billion by 2020.
5 billion United States dollars, or about 23 per cent of the protein type, are expected to rise to 40 per cent by 2020. Uttarphosol (the protein combination) is an optimist for the traditional Uttarphosol type, which has the advantage of better treatment, good water solubility, and minimal toxic side effects than the traditional ones.
In the anesthetic media, ricine solvents enter the patient easily cause more severe allergy by-products; while the pattern of the violet glycerine is reduced by allergen side effects, it still requires desensitization before entering the human body, and it is easy to accumulate large fats in the body to metabolize, with other side effects. The protein type does not require desensitivity, precisely because of its low side effects.
According to pdb data, sales in 2017 were $2.04 billion for the country’s sample hospital, of which $1.29 billion for the green leaf pharmaceutical, and $1.29 billion for the same type of Dosita, also known as polyvine, for the domestic sample hospital.
One hundred million yuan, after magnification, is expected to be 8 billion yuan, and the Dositas are expected to be estimated at 4 billion yuan, with great potential for a protein-type market. As a highly improved varieties of traditional agents, the advantages of this form (the protein combination) have long been recognized in the market and there is a relative gap in the domestic market, with some of the major domestic drug manufacturers making subsequent declarations that have become popular imitations.
According to Pharmacy Network data, since January 2013, when the 5 species declared by the Haizheng Pharmacy industry were accepted, there are seven companies that have declared the product in the country and will still be developed and declared. From the analysis of the declared information, since the original study species have not yet been approved for a second adaptation in the country, domestic firms generally make declarations simultaneously under the 1.6, 3.4 and 6 categories:
Category 1.6 and 3.4 are declarations of new adaptive conditions that have not been approved in the country and have been approved abroad, and 6 are declarations of approved adaptive conditions in the country. The fastest-growing group has been approved, Hen Swe medicine has been certified as a priority, and the company, in addition to the purple filamental (teprotein combination), is in the Dosita competition (teprotein combination) with exclusive declarations.
Review of approval status. We believe that the market will be expected to be a 1 billion-dollar heavyweight product, and the exclusive Dositas will be expected to be over 2 billion-dollar heavyweight products.
Aliki is the world’s first-listed dopamine (da)-5 hydroxamine (5-ht) system stabilizer for the treatment of schizophrenic fissures, which, while significantly improving the symptoms of schizophrenic schizophrenia, does not have the usual side effects of other antipsychiatric drugs, such as weight gain and non-autonomous muscle activity, and is recommended as a lined drug for an authoritative guide to schizophrenia at home and abroad.
This includes oral preparations, short-acting fluids, and long-acting muscle injections. Ali  long-acting muscle injections, once a month, were developed jointly by Daesuka, Japan, and Lingbei Pharmaceuticals, Denmark. Fda, United States, approved treatment for schizophrenia in 2013, with a commodity called bilifymaintena, specifications.
For 300 mg/bottles and 400 mg/bottles, they are now on the market in the United States, the European Union, and Japan. Compared to oral preparations, short-lived effects, or arm tricho injections, there is a significant improvement in patient dependence and a reduction in disease recurrence.
At present, there are no Alysium muscle injections on the market, the original researcher has submitted a request for a clinical registration of imports in the country, and the Ko Lon Pharmaceuticals industry is the first company in the country to obtain clinical approvals. In 2017, the Alyssium oral formulations sold at about RMB 1 billion in the country, and a specialized drug marketing system was set up, modelled on pharmaceuticals and innovative medicines.
The company's third driving force is entering the harvest period, and each year from 2017, it will be receiving a large amount of specialist medicines, and from 2020, innovative drugs will be placed on the market, for which it is actively developing a rational and efficient specialized drug marketing system, which will be based on a headquarters-based division of the country's provincial administrative regions into five regions plus the north.
In Kyoto, Shanghai, a regional director with a manager or assistant is now at the administrative level. The goal is to have a regional director's team in each of the two districts to complete the process.
Professionals, together with members of the company’s former marketing system, form a complementary team of management systems that rapidly improve technical and tactical capabilities. At the same time, in 31 provinces (autonomous regions), each province has a professional provincial extension manager of more than three members, which promotes the Collon brand through a professional academic process.
To target hospitals and sections. The company has established academic extension teams for product lines such as psychiatry, intestinal nutrition, Tianshuin (rehabilitation of new fluids), pain control, anaesthesia, and safe fluids.
There are 34 extension teams in place for each of the provincial and district companies. The extension staff of the company's formulation plates have clinical and medical background, and after training at the company's central market department, they are available at the provincial level.
Academic outreach meetings, desk outreach meetings, together with provincial extension managers at headquarters, will complete the extension of existing products, thereby ensuring consistent implementation of the company’s overall marketing strategy and marketing policy.
As a result, academic brands have been effectively established, and at various national and authoritative academic meetings, Collon ' s academic culture has been demonstrated, with sample hospital sales increasing by 20 per cent in 2017 at a much faster rate than North and Kyoto pharmaceuticals, and on the basis of the above analysis, income and Maori, we make the following assumptions:
3) The Trunchin Project: As for the previous calculation of net profits, assuming a small increase in the prices of existing products from the plant in 2018 and remaining fully productive, due to the differences in the characteristics of the company ' s business and its cumulation effects, we assume and select the following assumptions and calculations for net profit from the parent company ' s large infusion business: after 2013, the company maintained a large infusion of Maori at around $3 billion.
3) The net profit from the Trunchin project is calculated by reference to the performance of the Trunchin project, without taking into account a substantial increase in the value of the core product, and as the cost falls, the net profit selection formula is: net profit from the company ' s return = net profit from the large liquid return + net profit from the non-revenue formulation from the mother + 1.16 billion yuan and around 2.16 billion yuan.
(2) Average arithmetic values of beta values for the most recent 60 months of the beta-based industry in the beta coefficients (Senwan classification); 3) tax rates: maintain a steady tax rate of 17 per cent; and I value the company ' s performance in 2018 by segment, taking into account the different characteristics of the company ' s business:
2) Trunchin Raw Materials: We expect to make a net profit of 450 million yuan in 2018, cf. comparable company ' s estimate in 2018) Non-infusion agents, i.e. i.e. i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., we expect to make a net profit of 360 million yuan in 2018, cf. comparable company 4)) are working on the valuation of innovative pharmaceutical species: a relative valuation of the company ' s research on innovative drug varieties, we refer to the classic overseas variety
The value of the M & As case (not taking into account successful marketing of the product), i.e. p=ps*s, p is estimated for the market value of the product, ps is forecast for industry relative to p/s (i.e. the peak sales of the purchase price/product) and s is forecast for the peak sales of the evaluated product.
Based on the system of valuation of overseas innovations, we value the company ' s research on innovative medicines, based on two assumptions:
1) Domestic innovations are mainly “me-too” products, with a much higher probability of listing than similar products abroad. Therefore, companies have a significantly higher valuation level for pre-clinical and clinical varieties than for products studied in the same period abroad, applying valuation methods for overseas clinical, inter-clinical and marketed products:
In some cases, the amount is much lower than the number of new innovative drugs approved overseas (fda approves an average of about 30 new drugs per year); as a result, the scarcity of domestic innovations is significantly better than overseas, the premium is higher, and the ps valuation should be more applied.
p=ps*s*, (a probabilities forecast for the future listing of the species), giving the company a three-fold ps. Through this valuation, we get a total value of $11.3 billion for the innovation medicine that the company is currently in the clinical phase.
The impact, taking into account the impact of price valuations and R & D inputs to be marketed, can be largely offset. We see that the three-way driver's project, which spent a lot of money on environmental issues, still does not provide 100% assurance that it is not facing a further round of shutdowns, resulting in significant losses in the raw materials industry.
(a) The company's core product prices, which are likely to continue to rise in the context of environmental tightening, cannot exclude the risk of short-term supply oversupply, with low prices leading to underperformance;
The company's current main varieties are still dominated by generics, which are subject to price reductions and hospital re-arrangement in future bidding processes. The company has been approved in recent years for some of the new varieties that will be approved in the next three years and will be sold in the future.
Third party data from the hospital sample hospital (pdb) and Emmes (ims) are used extensively in the present analysis. These data are sample hospital statistics, not actual industry and company data, and there are errors in actual data. They are merely non-existent and will not be directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.