Three business blocks are expected to work at the same time.
The Collon Pharmaceuticals Industry issued its annual report 2017, which in 2017 realized business income of 11,435 million yuan, an increase of 33.49 per cent; the net profit attributable to the public sector owner of the listed company was $749 million, an increase of 28.04 per cent. The net profit attributable to the public shareholder of the listed company was $139 million, an increase of 667.8 per cent. The net profit attributable to the public shareholder of the listed company was $263 million. The net profit attributable to the public shareholder of the listed company was $0.25 million.
The company issued a first-quarter report in 2018, in which it achieved operating income of $3.932 billion in q1 in 2018, an increase of 61.45 per cent in the same year; it was attributed to $1 billion, an increase of 78.16 per cent in the same year. The company achieved an increase of $0.27 in the pers. The company announced a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) in 2018, with a limited stock of 2,1632,000 shares in the total share to be awarded to the target of incentives.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East in 2017, with low performance, costs, etc., q4 income points established.
The shift to equity accounting for current gains and losses will result in an increase of about $750 million in investment returns for the 2017 period, which, taking into account deferred income tax charges, will result in an increase of about $575 million in net profits for the 2017 period and a reduction of other combined gains of about $750 million. Research and development inputs from corporate innovation-driven strategies continue to grow.
The second stage of the pilot production of the Ishachuanin antibiotics intermediate failed to release capacity as expected, resulting in a lower-than-expected loss of $74.975 million in 2017. Corporate marketing reforms under the two-counting policy led to a larger increase in sales costs. 3.74 billion were sold in 2017 and 1,254 million in 2016.
The increase in the size of the financing, the exchange rate changes, and the decrease in the capitalization of interest on the completion of construction in progress have led to a significant increase in financial costs, with $553 million in 2017 and $293 million in 2016, an increase of 260 million.
High-speed growth boosts overall income-side growth. But it is mostly the result of the constant restructuring of the fluid plate, the replacement of soft bags with plastic bottles, high-end replacements with low- and medium-end alternatives, high-mori replacements with low-mori, high-mori.
Non-infusion plates: the sales revenue from plastic water needles increased by 105.24% over the same period, sales from Tianshuin (rehabilitation of new liquids) increased by 137.01% and sales from Palot (acetic acid) increased by 185.22%. Formulation plates increased faster than expected. Non-infusion plates came mainly from marketing reforms under a two-vote system, and sales costs will continue to rise in the future as the product lines of the formulations become more abundant; and management costs will continue to increase.
The company ' s performance in the first quarter was significantly higher: in 2018, the company earned $3.932 billion in q1, an increase of 61.45 per cent in the same year; and in the net profit of the mother, $383 million, an increase of 98.91 per cent in the same year. The income and profit side were significantly higher.
In terms of profits, the company earns $383 million in a quarter, with Kawaning contributing more than 100 million in a rough split, and the bulk of the fluids more than 400 million, with an overall net increase of about 51 million. R & D investment is close to 200 million.
The management cost was 9.73 per cent, down 4.45 pp from 14.18 per cent in the same period last year, and further down from $157 million in financial costs in the first quarter. q1, an increase of $69 million from $98 million in the same period last year.
The company announcement of the restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) for 2018, with a limited stock of 2,163.2 million shares to be awarded to the target audience, will gradually show a competitive advantage from 2018 on the core barriers of each of the company's sections and will benefit from environmental protection, consistency evaluation policies and priorities in the future.
Chuanning’s core competitiveness lies in the price differential of raw materials, the world’s largest fermenter, environmental advantages, and especially environmental advantages. The core competitiveness of the Trunchin project’s continued profitability lies in the steady high output of the Cullen process.
The bulk of the plate, which remains stable but constantly optimized, increases the value added through internal proportional adjustment. The number of varieties approved in 2017 for his intestinal nutrition and infusion, and the rapid release of his own large channel, the profit return, is faster.
Increased concentration of the whole infusion industry is evident among the strong, and the large infusion plates are expected to show strong performance in 2018. The formulation plates are growing at a high rate.
In 2018, Chon Ning 600 million profits, infusion 1.4 billion profits, in formulations close to 100 million profits, in R & D 900 million (costed 800 million, capitalized 100 million) in R & D, in 2019 700 million profits, in liquids 1.5 billion profits, in formulations 300 million profits, in R & D 1 billion (cost 850 million, capitalized 150 million) in R & D, and in-country leadership in R & D investment, the rapidly changing R & D system will continue to outpace expectations.
Colon has invested more than $2.746 billion in research and development since 2013, and currently there are 320 different types of research at the Collon Institute, of which more than 260 are generics and Ndds drugs, and more than 60 are innovative medicine studies. In 2017, the company invested $846 million in research and development, an increase of 37.94 per cent over the same period last year.
As a result of the consistency evaluation, two innovative small molecular drugs were approved for clinical treatment, recombined anti-skinned growth factor human rats with monoclonated antibody injection fluids for clinical iii phase, kl-a167 for initiation of clinical i phase, recombinant antivegfr2 monocrocone antibody injection fluids for recombinant clinical treatment, U.S. supremoline proteins, metrics for hydrochloric acid, aleulyte for long-acting microcrystalized clinical approval for clinical treatment, marking the research and output of Colon drug studies, i.e., i.e., copying and copying.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East drives a virtuous circle of innovation, while at the same time the successful overseas licensing of innovation patents and the introduction of a Chinese-American double paper on the adc project represent a solid step forward in the internationalization of Colon’s drug research.
Table 1: Types of production batches acquired during the reporting period Table 2: Companies declared production of generic pharmaceutical varieties in 2017
Table 3: company model drug promotion convergence evaluation varieties (production phase) 2017 Table 4: company model pharmaceutical priority promotion varieties (clinical phase) Sources of financial growth in the East
The main development ideas of the Collon Institute are systematic and clear, so that generic medicines can be used as a catalyst for innovation. The development of quality generics and cornerstones in the early stages covers a number of high-prevalence and high-lethal diseases in the country, such as tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular, neuro-neurological, diabetes, and anaesthesia.
In addition to the generics mentioned above, Collon’s main focus is on the innovation of small molecules, biotechnological drugs, and ndds (newdugdeliver) innovation molecules.
Kl0700002 (convicted clinical treatment): kl070002 is a chemical anti-cancer drug (oral treatment) developed entirely by my company. Its antima spectrum is wide, with clearly defined effects of multiple physical tumours such as pancreatic cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer, stomach cancer, rectal cancer, prostate cancer, bladder cancer, liver cancer, etc., and is significantly better than the one-line treatment drug available for pancreatic cancer, liver cancer, non-small cell lung cancer or combined medication.
kl100137 fat milk injection fluid (licenced clinically, used for allergic induction) kl130008 capsule (proclaimed clinically, small molecular target to wind-like) monooplasty), a168 - reassemble antivegfr2 (remollium monogenesis).
With regard to the Ndds, the source of financial growth in the East, research has focused on efficiency reduction and targeting of classic chemotherapy drugs, the slowness, control, and long-acting formulations of excellent diabetes and mental illness drugs, and the progress of the previous project has been focused on the Dossy Tatoprotein nanoparticles, Alecone long-acting microcrystals, and the aluminum hydrate modules.
The company's fluid plate is stable, the Trentin project is losing, research and development is steadily advancing, and the formulation plate will be so resilient in the future.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
Its in-depth research and insights provide an analysis of its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies