Non-ferrous metal energy metal non-financial first-covering report
In the spring, in the spring, in the dawn of metal, in the world, the investment rating is: increase (for the first time) or not, the nymph phoenix. The company took root, the radiation world, and, after more than 20 years of development, it built a new one.
The energy industry, the new materials industry, the Indonesian nickel industry, the African resource industry, and the recycling industry are five major business blocks. With the decline in metal prices of cobalt- and nickel- and lithium-tons of Māori at historical lows, companies are still able to maintain a better profit, and they are still in a better position to do so.
The current price of cobalt & nickel & lithium has fallen to the bottom of history, with a basis for rising, and the company’s performance is expected to increase significantly once prices rise.
Cobalt: The price of cobalt is expected to rise significantly at the base of the long-cycle historical price. Cobalt price increases are based on demand, supply contraction, and liquidity easing. Cobalt prices are currently at the bottom of the long-cycle history, and global liquidity is easing, supply to the end affected by the ban on Congolese gold, and demand is expected to return to the mainstream overnight batteries before they are in solid form.
Indonesia’s nickel supply dominates the world, accounting for 60% of the world’s total supply in 2024. In 25 years, Indonesia’s mining quota was 298.5 million wet tons, an increase of 9.8% over 24 years.
But at the same time, Indonesia has a series of mining policies, with the cost of nickel rising. Nickel prices have now fallen to 75% of the global cost of nickel, close to the division line, and high nickel prices have started to decline. While the balance of supply and demand is still in excess, excess margins have narrowed, with the winding-down of high-cost mines and the rising cost of Indonesian nickel, one at the bottom of the nickel price.
Lithium: Production ends well, waiting for demand to be released. Lithium price increases are based on the mismatch between supply and demand, the contrast between the intensity of the gap and the height of the price increase. From a long historical cycle, the current lithium price is at the bottom of the history, considering the balance of supply and demand.
In addition, the price of lithium carbonate is expected to be $80,000 per tonne in 2025. Considering the timing of production, the last round of capacity, which is two years and nine months, and the current two years and four months of capacity, we believe that even if this product is expected to be completed longer, it will be finished and that, once demand improves, lithium prices are expected to rise.
Profit forecasts and ratings: We expect that the net profits of companies that were owned by their parent companies in 2025-2027 will be comparable to the average of 15.06x, 11.85x, and 9.80x, respectively, for the head companies associated with the same sectora. Cobalt & Nickel & Lithium is currently at a low historical price, and its performance is expected to increase significantly once prices rise.
Lithium is in historically low prices, and once prices rise, the company’s performance is expected to increase significantly. For the first time, it is covered, “Intensifies the company’s roots in the country, radiates the world, and, after more than two decades of development, it has built new energy industries, new materials industries, Indonesia’s nickel industry, Africa’s resource industry, and five major ventures in the recycling industry. Cobalt and nickel have fallen as a result of metal prices.
Lithium ton has been reduced to a historically low level, and the company is still able to maintain a better level of profitability, reflecting a very strong level of profitability. The current price of cobalt and nickel and lithium has fallen to the bottom of history, with a basis for an increase, once prices have risen, the company 1.
In 2002, Zhejiang China Friends Cobalt Company Ltd. was established in the Zhejiang commune as a high-technology enterprise engaged in the development and manufacture of new energy-based lithium and cobalt-based materials. After more than two decades of development, the company built overseas resources and countries.
International manufacturing, global market business patterns: new energy industries, new materials industries, Indonesian nickel, African resource industries and recycling industries have been built; operations cover nickel and cobalt lithium resource development, non-ferrous metal green refining, lithium electric materials development, manufacturing, and new energy and lithium electric materials for resource recycling. The company’s first shareholder is the Chinese-friends-in-law and the second largest.
Since its inception, the company has been focusing on the development of the new energy-based lithium-materials industry, and has insisted on “uptake control of resources, central capacity, central capacity, and the development of the new energy-based lithium-materials industry.”
The three-pronged approach to the development of the Lower Markets, which adheres to the competitive strategy of “products lead and cost lead”, continues to deepen the global layout of industrial integration, creates a comprehensive and integrated competitive advantage for industrial integration, and seeks to shape new patterns of industrial integration and productivity.
Figure 2: Cobalt & Nickel & Lithium long-cycle price base, corporate cluster 5
A breakdown by huayanuansecurities shows that, as a result of the growth in nickel sales, the company ' s nickel and lithium operations continued to grow and its copper operations remained relatively stable. In summary, the company ' s copper operations remained relatively stable, while its revenue and its Maori growth were mainly due to nickel and cobalt and lithium operations.
From the point of view of sales, copper and cobalt sales have remained stable, lithium has begun to be released but small, nickel sales have continued to grow steadily, and from the point of view of the tons of copper and the tons of cobalt, nickel and lithium have remained relatively stable, while the decline in the prices of metals has been a major cause of fluctuations in the company’s performance.
By falling to a low position, the company is still able to maintain its current profitability, reflecting a very high level of profitability, and once prices rise, tons of Maori may be significantly raised and there is scope for elasticity in performance. 2. Cobalt: at the bottom of long-cycle historical prices, cobalt prices are expected to rise significantly.
Cobalt price increases are based on demand, supply contraction, and liquidity easing. Cobalt prices are currently at the bottom of the long-cycle history, with global liquidity easing, supply contractions at the supply end affected by the ban on Congolese gold mines, demand at the end of the night before solid-state release, three dollar batteries are expected to return to the mainstream, prices are on a large scale and, once demand is released, cobalt prices are expected to rise significantly.
2.1. Through a historical review of the cobalt industry over the past 20 years, it can be observed that the cobalt cattle market has experienced three times in history, with an increase of around two years, namely:
This increase is due to the ease of global mobility, the shift of demand-side mobile phones from functional to smart machines, the need for lithium cobalt acid, the ban on cobalt mining exports during the civil war on the supply of gold: (2) June 2016-May 2018: cobalt at $10.8/lb=$44.08/lb, an increase of 308 per cent:
The reason for this increase was the release of China’s new energy vehicle demand, while the triple replaced the phosphate lithium as the main power cell. (3) July 2020 to May 2022: cobalt at $13.9/lb – $40.13/lb, an increase of 189 per cent; last year’s sharp increase in the demand for new energy vehicles; or accompanied by a contraction in supply (the mining ban on the Congolese civil war of 06-07);3 liquidity.
The rise in prices was accompanied by the accumulation of sub-industry collages and social funds (e.g., cobalt 27), which accelerated price increases, high profits driven industrial capital to laid cobalt mines such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and rapid increases in supply, accompanied by excessive prices that contributed to a reduction in demand, and prices began to fall when supply growth exceeded demand growth, thus creating a full price week.
2. The Democratic Republic of the Congo has experienced an outbreak of internal conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and a ban on mining exports.
On 24 February, the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced a four-month moratorium on cobalt exports in January 2025 following the outbreak of civil conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the announcement by the Democratic Republic of the Congo of a four-month moratorium on the export of cobalt, aimed at containing the continued fall in prices caused by the oversupply of cobalt metals on the international market, which was considered the first time that the country had interfered with the cobalt market balance through administrative means. On 14 March, Prime Minister FARDC made a series of recommendations, including a “effectively managed” ban on exports.
“Towards Indonesian cooperation” to “better control” the supply and prices of cobalt on the global market. On March 27, FARDC General Felix Tzissekdi stated that, in order to maintain high prices for power cell materials, the Government would consider extending the ban on cobalt exports for a period of four months. The global cobalt supply was highly concentrated, with 78 per cent in 2024, 11 per cent in Indonesia and 11 per cent in both countries combined.
Supply amounted to 90 per cent. In 2024, Congolese cobalt production amounted to 20.06 million tons, or more than 6.69 million tons of global supply if exports were prohibited for more than four months or affected the supply, or 26 per cent of the global supply, or if the supply contracted further, in the case of the United Nations Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Liquid lithium cells still exist: caps in energy density, safety risks from lithium crystals, circulatory effects from thickening of the membrane, lack of life, low-temperature performance limit scenario applications, etc., compared to the fact that solid-state batteries can be effective with their superior performance.
Overcoming the limitations of liquid lithium batteries. Thus, the development of solid-state batteries is not only a key path to addressing existing technological bottlenecks, but also an important direction to meet future needs for diversification applications.
ion conductivity problems, fixed interface problems and circular performance problems are resolved, and the forward view network expects its industrialized time node to be around 2030. According to the forward view network, the Blue Book of High-Quality Development of Solid-State Batteries 2025, the global output of solid-state batteries is expected to reach 614.1gwh, and the full-state battery market will be 17.2 billion yuan by 2030.
In the solid-state battery system, the three-dollar material is superior to the lithium phosphate battery and is expected to revert to the positive material.Figure 17: Global market size for solid-state batteries (2024-2030) (in billions of dollars), with an overall excess of cobalt supply and demand in 2025-2030, without taking into account the ban on Congolese gold mines and subsequent effects.
But excess margins have been narrow. Against the backdrop of the current easing of global liquidity, supply ends have been reduced by the effects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo gold mine ban (taking into account the four-month short-term supply-demand balance shift from surplus to shortage), demand ends are on the eve of solid release, three-dollar batteries are expected to return to the mainstream, prices are on a high footing, and cobalt prices are expected to rise significantly once demand is released.
Nickel: The price base is strong, the supply of Indonesian nickel is still high worldwide, with production accounting for 60 per cent of total global supply in 2024. In 25 years, Indonesia mined a quota of 298.5 million wet tons, an increase of 9.8 per cent over 24 years, while Indonesia is implementing a series of mining policies with nickel costs.
The current nickel price has fallen near the global nickel cost range of 75%, and the high nickel price has begun to decline. While it remains surplus, the excess margin has narrowed further, with the winding-down of high-cost mines and the rising cost of Indonesian nickel, the nickel price base has been further consolidated, either once it is produced, or when price elasticity has been released.
3.1. Indonesia’s nickel supply dominates the world and continues to grow but at a higher cost of tons, with Indonesia increasing 1.51 million tons and the rest declining 160,000 tons.
Indonesia’s supply is still increasing, but mining policy has led to higher costs. Indonesia’s nickel mining industry has adopted a quota system, with a 25-year mining quota of 298.5 million wet tons, an increase of 9.8 per cent compared to the 271.89 million wet tons in 24 years, and an increase of 220,000 tons of nickel, estimated at 2.2 million tons in 24 years. Meanwhile, the Indonesian government has implemented a series of mining policies: 1 simbara system to track nickel sales in real time;
(b) 3pnbp tax system adjustments, with overall tax rates raised and step rates raised, for example, from 10 per cent to 14 to 19 per cent for nickel, with overall cost increases.
Nickel prices have fallen near the 75% split line, and high-cost mines have been shut down. Currently (25 April) nickel prices have fallen to around $15.5 million per ton, near the 75% split line for global nickel costs, and high-value nickel mines have started to cut production, mainly in Australia and New Caledonia, producing 210,000 tons in 2024, down by 46 per cent from 180,000 tons in 23 years.
As nickel prices continue to be low, high-cost mines are expected to close further. Figure 24: The current price of nickel (25 April) fell near the 75-per-cent split line, and the price base was stubble.
While Indonesia has a modest but modest increase, while the high-cost mine has been shut down, the overall supply has declined, and as the cost of the Indonesian nickel mine has risen, the nickel price base has become more solid, either once it has been produced, or when it has released price elasticity.
Lithium price increases are based on the mismatch between supply and demand, and the intensity of the gap reacts to the height of the price increase. From a long historical cycle, lithium prices are currently at the bottom of the history, considering the balance of supply and demand, with a projected yield price of 80,000 yuan per tonne of lithium carbonate in 2025. And considering the timing of the completion of the capacity, the last round was two years and nine months, and we are now two years and four months old.
Considering that even if the current cycle of production is expected to be longer, it will be finished and that once the demand improves, lithium prices are expected to rise to 4.1. The mismatch between supply and demand determines the price of lithium, and through a historical review of the lithium industry over the past 10 years, we can see that there have been two lifetime cycles of lithium giant cows.
The reason for this is the high demand for new energy vehicles in China (China has put in place a series of policies to support the development of the new energy automobile industry) and the concentration and disruption of supplies (1319 per cent higher than the peak floods caused by the heavy rains in South America in late March 1515, which severely hit the production of lithium production in the salt lakes of South America); (2) September 2020 to November 2022: the cost of lithium is 40,000 yuan per ton — 567.5 million yuan per ton):
The reason for this increase is that the global demand for new energy vehicles is being pumped into industrial chains, and the pre-supply price of lithium has delayed many firms. Expansion plans, limited capacity for new production globally, and the new crown epidemic in 2020 have led to the postponement of several lithium mine and salt lake projects.
Supply and demand gap: the gap determines the elasticity of lithium prices. For the first cycle, lithium prices peak at $170,000 per tonne, while for the second cycle, lithium prices peak at $170,000 per tonne.
The core difference between the peak lithium price of the cycle, which is 570,000 yuan per tonne, is the difference between the supply and demand gap, with 260,000 new energy vehicles in 2015, and 215.336 million new energy vehicles in 2021 and 2022, respectively, which corresponds to about 10 times the demand for lithium carbonate in 2015.
Chain-up banks, faster price up, faster price up, faster price down at the stage of lithium prices. From a long historical cycle, lithium prices are now at the bottom of history. 4.2. Production capacity is clear, waiting for demand to be released.
At the current peak in lithium capital expenditure, demand increases are expected to slow in the future or will slow down, and the future cycle of lithium prices is expected to demand 1.43 million tons of lithium carbonate, or 126,000 tons of it, in 2025. According to the full cost curve, 80,000 yuan/tt of tax-free lithium salt is supplied at a total cost of 1.34 million tons, with a demand of 1.43 million based on positive material estimates.
Tons, taking into account the current stock of more than 100,000 tons of lithium salt, some of the stocks of lithium concentrate and the amount of lithium recovered, the supply of 80,000 yuan per ton, or the amount of lithium salt needed to satisfy it, is expected to be 80,000 yuan per ton in 2025. Considering the timing of the production, the last round of production would be two years and nine months, and the current output would be two years and four months, we believe that even if this round of production were to be completed,
It is expected to be even longer and to be at the end, and lithium prices are expected to rise as demand improves. 2) Geopolitical risks. Corporate mineral resources are located in such places as the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zimbabwe, Indonesia, etc., where geopolitical risks arise or have an impact on the company’s performance;
3. Risks of safe production. There is a risk of safety accidents in the mining and smelting operations of companies, in the event of a safety accident for profit or for a greater impact; 4) risk of market space deviations. The market space measurements in the report are based on certain assumptions, if actually relevant.
My own personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers is not as good as expected. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the person’s remuneration has been, is or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.