"Four Bottoms" Growth Capable: The upstream nickel smelting project has successfully reached production and the advantage of integrated moats has been significant. 1) Nickel: 24q1 flight project has achieved a rapid growth in the nickel plate, with nearly 230,000 tons of nickel intermediates in 24 years, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, nickel products.
90,000 tons, stable over the same year; 3) cobalt: 24 years of cobalt products arriving at about 47,000 tons (including internal self-supply), with the same increase in the rapid optimization of the expected contribution cost of the construction of the lithium sulphate production line; 5) pre-drive & positive material: 24 years of lithium positive preponderance
Tens of thousands of tons (including internal self-supply and equity interests), as a result of companies’ initiatives to reduce some of the low-profit products and optimize the product structure, the volume of lithium-electric materials came down in the same proportion. Prices: nickel prices are easy to rise and fall at the bottom, and Congolese gold policy disturbances are expected to push the cobalt price hub upwards.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo has suspended the export of cobalt raw materials to the bottom.
Prices, coupled with the continuing decline in industry stocks, supply tensions are expected to drive the cobalt price hub up, benefiting the company from depth. Project construction is progressing steadily to create a high-quality business layout. 1) Upstream resource end: nickel: the company has been involved \triangleright
2. The nickel reserves of the three-quarterly reporting sites wbn, scm, ajb, wkm and tms in 2024 were further thickened. Nickel smelting: 120,000 tons of nickel metal volume humid smelting project was completed at the end of 2024q1 and production capacity was gradually upgraded to achieve a steady excess output;
The 60,000-ton nickel-metallurgical smelting project continued to outperform, connecting the scm mine to the full line of the slurry pipelines of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) reporting in 2024, further reducing production costs; the 45,000-ton high-ice nickel project in Huaco, which operated steadily; and 120,000 tons of annual production.
The nickel metal volume pomalaa wet-water project, which started construction in the first quarter of 25 years; 60,000 tons of nickel metal produced annually;
The first phase of the Sorowako wet-land project was steadily under way, and the construction of the industrial park in Pormara was prepared in an orderly manner. Lithium items: the arcadia lithium mining project was run in an orderly manner, bringing about an output of about 400,000 tons of lithium concentrate, an increase of 41 per cent compared to the previous period, and the production capacity was significantly enhanced. The 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate project began construction in January of 25 years, with the completion of the project leading to the production of lithium concentrate to lithium.
Quarterly evaluation in 024: The downside price drags off performance, the integration of the salt metal, and a significant reduction in the cost of lithium salt production. 2) Downstream lithium power source end: in Indonesia, 50,000 tons of sulfur are expected to show its advantage in humanization - 2024/04/26
The Acid Nickel Project was completed as a pilot project, with a power capacity of 50,000 tons of pre-thirty-dollar drive-over project almost completed in November, and the 25-year, first quarter of 25 years, with the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) achieving a bulk supply at its three-quarter reporting point in 2023, marking the company's new energy source of lithium materials - the physical layout of which took root in Indonesia; in South Korea, with lg
Assessment: Deduction of non-profit expectations, industry low point of over 66,000 tonnes of positive material projects that have been partnered with 2023/, partially produced and delivered in tonnes; in Europe, Hungary ' s positive material phase of 25,000 tonnes advanced in an orderly manner to create favourable conditions for opening up the Euro-American market.
Investment proposal: The upstream resource layout of the company is well structured to build a solid moat, and downstream lithium and international resources and vapours \triangleright are 11 x, 9x and 9x respectively, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating.
\triangleright net profit of 3,795 million yuan, an increase of 22.71% over the same period. \Quarterlyly, 2024q4, the company achieved a two-quad project that contributed to the increase in nickel production and a record business performance.
2.1 By contrast, the Huairai project has achieved production, the nickel product has increased significantly, and the nickel product project has increased its capacity and its share of revenue has increased significantly. In 2024, the nickel product together achieved a harvest of 120,000 tons of nickel metal volume humid smelting project, the main department of China Flying, achieved production by the end of the first quarter of 24 years, with 60,000 Chinese fares.
Tons of nickel intermediates were delivered almost 230,000 tons in 24 years, up 50 per cent from the same period the previous year, and nickel products were exported about 18.43 million tons of metal (including internal supplies), an increase of 46 per cent in the same year, while the company and the freshwater valley, Indonesia, grew 46 per cent.
The Ford Automobile Partnership ' s 1.2 million tons of nickel metal permalaa wetland project, which began construction in the first quarter of 25 years, and the Sorowako wetland project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel per year in collaboration with Indonesia in the freshwater valley, are well under way, and the construction of the Pormara Industrial Park is well under way; copper products are being harvested.
56.43 billion yuan, an increase of 15.40 per cent in the same year and an increase of 1.89 pct to 9.26 per cent in revenue collection, mainly from copper, which continues to consolidate industry leadership; 3.06 billion yuan in lithium products, an increase of 134.48 per cent in the same year; and 3.06 pct to 5.03 per cent in revenue collection, mainly from the operation of the Indian arcadia lithium mining project.
The production of some 400,000 tons of lithium concentrate was achieved, an increase of 41 per cent over the same period; and the pre-trillion drive generated $6,744 million, mainly due to the company ' s initiative to reduce some of the low-profit products and optimize the product structure.
At the bottom of the nickel price, it is clear that the destabilizing effects of the export policy of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which benefited from the overprice of cobalt, are expected to yield an opportunity to rebound, benefiting from an increase in the self-supply ratio driven by the capacity release of nickel humid projects and a significant increase in the Māori share of the nickel plate. In 2024, the Māori share of the pre-contribution drive was 11.94 per cent, a decrease of 7.72 ptt, and the Māori share of the positive material was 6.41 per cent.
/mbcobalt/lme nickel/pre-diversion (6 systems)/positive material (6 systems) of $7.51 million, $12.21/lb, $17058/t, $761,000/tonne, $1281,000/tonne, respectively, with variations of positive materials (3 systems) of $774,000, $11.82/lb, $15001/t,
Figure 9: Net corporate interest rates versus Māori rates Little change in cost and R & D costs, decrease in management costs by $222 million over the same period, major share payments are recognized in administrative costs, sales costs, R & D costs and operating costs, respectively, for the beneficiaries, leading to management
In terms of financial capacity, companies attach great importance to the security of the financial chain, strengthening cash flow management, and giving priority to supporting profits.
High-contribution, cash-back operations, project-building capacity, and company-operated net cash flow continued to improve. In 2024, the corporate asset structure remained stable, with a corporate asset liability rate of 64.38 per cent; the company achieved 2.2 ring ratio, with the project having a stable post-partum production ring.
Figure 20: Quarterly Three Fees by Company 2.3 In terms of subsidiary 2.3, Indonesia’s plate continues to contribute to the incremental contribution The subsidiary Huaiwei Cobalt, Huaco Cobalt and Hua Fei Cobalt are the company’s leading unit of production of nickel metals upstream.
In 2018, the company launched the development of the Indonesian nickel resource in the red-earth, and has gradually advanced the deployment of the Indonesian nickel resource project. First, in 2018, the company launched the first project, China, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel metal per year of hydroxide cobalt moisturizing, and China, which has achieved a sustained post-partum surplus since the first half of 2022.
The project, the Chinese project full process, was put into production in the fourth quarter of 2022, and at the end of the first quarter of 23 years it was almost achieved. The Chinese-flying project, which reached production by the end of the first quarter of 24 years, now holds 51 per cent of the company ' s share. In 2024, nickel intermediates delivered nearly 230,000 tons of metal, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The company ' s 1.2 million tons of nickel metal permalaa wet-water project, in collaboration with the Fresh Water Valley Indonesia and Ford Motors, moved ahead in an orderly manner and began construction in the first quarter of 25 years; the Sorowako wet-water project, in cooperation with the Freshwater Valley Indonesia, produced 60,000 tons of nickel per year, was steadily under way and the construction of the Pormara industrial park was well prepared.
Figure 26: Net profits of the company's main subsidiary (millions of yuan) 3 lithium electric materials integrated layouts to build solid moats and grow up in the future The company owns the most complete integrated industrial chain of the lithium electric positive materials industry, from mining materials to closed loops
Smelting ends, followed by ex-drives to positive materials, combined with resource recycling plates, are the firm's core advantages. The lithium electric material industry presents a typical feature of “resource development abroad, R & D manufacturing in China, and market-based customers worldwide.” Technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements of the industry, so public.
In recent years, the Division has continued to extend the distribution of the integrated industrial chain from the leader of the cobalt industry to the company, which has completed the space layout of its headquarters in Kiryu, which is located outside China, in the manufacturing base in China and in the global market. It has created an industrial chain of integration from resource development, colour-based refining, research and development of new energy materials, from the centre to the downstream, with cobalt nickel.
Resources development, green smelting, tri-dollar drivers, and positive materials are made to the new lithium energy industry ecology for resource recycling. Companies are expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transition, reduce profit-cycle volatility, and have a clear advantage over their counterparts.
Upstream resource layout one: deep-dry Congolese gold, which guarantees a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources. At the end of the resource base, the public copper and cobalt resources are concentrated on the African resource plate, with its own mines as its core, supplemented by external procurement. On the self-financing side, the company owns the p527 mine and the Kambove through its subsidiary cdm, mikas.
As of the year 2024, the company Pe527, Rusuxi mine owned 75.7 million tons of copper ore resources, containing 45.24 million tons of oxides; the p527, Cobalt and Cobalt Ruku, 22.433 million tons of mineral resources and 130.53 million tons of deposits (including additional vulcanized mines).
Minerals are purchased by the local FARDC trading system, mainly from local mining and mining companies. Combining ownership and outsourcing allows the company to control its rich cobalt and copper mineral resources and to build a solid back-up for the company’s supply of raw materials.
cdm, mikas, will produce rough hydroxide and electric copper products mainly from mining, ore-smelting, including wet smelting. The domestic manufacturing base smelting capacity is mainly derived from some copper smelting and smelting of new cobalt materials. The company currently owns 21,400 tons of rough hydroxide in Congolese gold.
Cdm ' s 66,000 tons and mikas ' 30,000 tons of copper/copper capacity, combined with domestic copper and cobalt smelting and refining capacity, have created an annual capacity of approximately 110,000 tons of copper and 39,000 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt business has provided a moat river for the expansion of the company ' s capacity.
Upstream resource layout two: low-cost wet nickel in Indonesia, the core of the company’s future growth, Alpha. The Division’s nickel and cobalt layout in Indonesia consists mainly of nickel mines, garden services, energy security layouts, and accompanying wetting and fire smelting production performance layouts, which help the company to form a deep moat.
The company has been involved in five mines: wbn, scm, ajb, wkm, tms, the Pomalaa project with the fresh water valley, and the sorowako project, which provides a solid raw material guarantee for the company’s nickel and cobalt smelting project.
1) Vidal Bay nickel industry project: the project has a nickel metal resource of about 9.3 million tons of metal, company equity participation, technology penetration of 15.39 per cent and corporate equity resources of 1.43 million tons; 2) hln project: May 22, 22, company subscriptions equal to 10 per cent of hln ' s equity
Debt, hln-controlled jpi holds 51% of the scm nickel. The scm nickel mine is close to the company’s China project, rich in nickel, with a combined nickel resource of 1,445 million tons and a cobalt resource of 1 million tons.
hln holds 49% of the csi smelter and 29.4% of the bsi smelter. hln holds 98.3% of the cei hydroelectric plant and 32% of the ikip industrial park.
The Division successfully completed ajb and wkm with a few equity transfers from the two Indonesian mining projects, further increasing the company ' s nickel reserves. Mhp and high-ice nickel have been completed with 60,000 tons of wet-law projects in China, and 45,000 tons in Waco.
The high-ice nickel project, the Chinese-flying 120,000-ton wet-work project, and the acquisition of an arctic-fire project, with a total production of about 6000-ton nickel-metallurgical smelting project in 2023, with scm and slurry pipelines all connected; 2) the Waco 45,000-fire project: April 22
Returned to the country on a monthly basis with the completion of the 450,000 tons of nickel-rich high-ice nickel project in 2023; and (c) tons of intermediate nickel production capacity, in collaboration with the fresh water valley Indonesia and Ford Automobiles, with an orderly advance of the 120,000 tons of nickel-metal-rich pomaa wetland project, which was launched in the first quarter of 25 years.
The sorowako wet system, which is working with Indonesia in the fresh water valley to produce 60,000 tons of nickel per year, is well under way. Upstream resource layout three: titanium to complete the final puzzle of energy metal resources.
The layout is one-size-fits-all, of which the Lithium Resource Project is a Lithium Mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Lithium Mine Project in Zimbabwe, both of which are high-quality lithium mines and are expected to be at the core of the company ' s future expected performance.
The first lithium project under the company’s flag is the manono mine under the avz flag, which is still in the early stages of development. In 2017, the company took the lead in acquiring shares in Australia’s avz. As of 30 June 2022, HWAY held 6.14% of the shares in the avz company, the second largest in the avz.
Shareholders, avz holds 75% of the shares in the manono oxide project, and calculates the company's interest in penetrating the manono project by 4.72%.
First, its total resources amounted to 401 million tons, its average grade of lithium oxide was 1.63 per cent, its stock was 132 million tons and its average level of lithium oxide was 1.63 per cent. The initial build-up of the avz project had an initial capacity of 700,000 tons of lithium concentrate/year, while its capacity of 46,000 tons/year of lithium sulphate was constructed for 29.5 years.
The company’s first-held lithium mine project was the arcadia lithium mine, with a synchronized planning of 50,000 tons of lithium salt smelting and refining of capacity. As of October 2021, Arcadia project jorc (2012) was published by Foresight as a standard resource of 72.7 million tons, lithium oxide grade 1.06 per cent, and tantalum pentaoxide.
Level 121 ppm, lithium oxide, 770,000 tons (19 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and pentaoxy-ditonic metal, 8,800 tons. According to the company ' s June 2022 announcement, the arcadia lithium mine project invested $270 million in the total amount of $15,000 per day after the project was completed and disposed of the original mine, yielding 230,000 tons per year.
Lithium glyphosite and 297,000 tons of lithium flint concentrate, accompanied by lithium smelting capacity in the country, construction of a project to produce 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, based on the Guangxihua-Yansury industry, for a two-year construction period of 389,000 tons of lithium flints, with a total investment of $2.11 billion.
The company announced on March 20, 20, 20, 2023 that the company had completed the installation and commissioning of the entire production line of the Company’s prospective lithium industry, which was responsible for the disposal of 4.5 million tons of ore a year.
The first product was successfully produced by a full-line and in-source test product. The Prospective Lithium Arcadia Lithium Mining Project, the largest single-body investment project in Africa in the Chinese-American cobalt industry, was launched in February 2022.
And input, one of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region. In 2023, the African region ' s Bambwaarcadia lithium mining project was completed, and the Guangxi region, with 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt per year, reached production targets in the first quarter of 2024. In 2024, Zimbabwe,
The arcadia lithium mining project operated in an orderly manner, resulting in an increase of approximately 400,000 tons in lithium concentrates, or 41 per cent, compared with the previous year, with a significant increase in production capacity, while the company planned to start construction of the 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate project in January of 25 years, which, when completed, will result in a significant reduction in the integration of lithium concentrate into lithium salt mining.
Lower production costs for lithium salt. Downstream layout one: 10 years before triple, with continuous expansion of the sword to global integration. Companies are steadily moving forward with the expansion of pre-triple production capacity through self-construction and joint ventures.
In 2018, the company joined forces with lig chemistry to set up a pre-positioning drive for Joaquin, with 51 per cent of the shareholding in HWAS, with 20.51 per cent of the actual interest in the cobalt industry.
In recent years, the company’s pre-triple drive capacity will be released, and production capacity will increase considerably. Downstream layout two: the acquisition of BAM technology, and the acceleration of the volume of material.
An enterprise, Tian Zimbamo, quickly cut into the tri-dollar orthodox material market, invested in integration projects in Guangxi, to reduce the cost of the various links and raise the gross material-rich ratio. The company raised funds through a fungible loan, and it built a "50,000-year high-purity battery-grade nickel production line, 100,000-year production line for sulphuric acid from China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
Tons of high nickel power cells are used in the production line of pre-triple drive materials and 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year in the production line of solid materials. An internal return of 20.18 per cent is projected for the project, with a projected investment recovery period (including a two-year construction period) of 6.49 years and an additional 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells in the production capacity of the three positive poles after delivery.
Downstream layout III: The active layout of the lithium battery recycling operation, which creates a ring of lithium electric material. The company ' s son, Hwa Yu, State and resource regeneration entered the first and second batch of the list of companies that meet the industry regulations for the integrated use of used power batteries in new-energy vehicles.
Through the development and acceptance of regenerative treatment of decommissioned batteries, a strategic cooperation model for waste-for-material exchange has been established with a number of domestic and international whole-of-carrying companies.In May 22, companies and the BMW Group developed innovative cooperation for the recovery and use of power cell materials in closed loops;
Joint venture with lig chemistry in Korea to deepen cooperation on positive materials operations; in July 22, the company reached a cooperative intention with lig new energy sources to regenerate used power batteries. As business opens up, the company is forming from cobalt and nickel resources development, green smelting, pre-drive and solid materials manufacturing to resource recycling and recycling.
The current corporate recycling business model is a ladder-based and waste-for-material model with an annual capacity to process 65,000 tons of used battery material. The company has innovations in commercial models such as remanufacturing through recycling network systems, staircases, exploitation, resource use, waste-for-materials and battery maintenance, and so on.
The BMW, the public, Toyota, the lig new energy sources, the first gas, the second gas, the upper gas, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, and the second.
The company is also actively engaged in the internationalization of the 50,000-ton nickel sulfate project in Indonesia, the 50,000-ton pre-drive project in China, which was largely completed in November, and the bulk supply achieved in the first quarter of this year, marking the root of the company's new energy lithium-emitting integrated layout in Indonesia; and the collaboration with lig in South Korea.
In Europe, Hungary’s positive material phase of the 25,000-ton project has advanced in an orderly manner, creating favourable conditions for opening up the Euro-American market. The project is the group’s first ex-expatriate capacity, with a seamless link from resources to materials, and a park complex.
On October 18, 2024, China's friend, Cobalt Industries New Energy Materials (Indonesia) Ltd., a major project to produce 50,000 tons of high nickel-powered batteries per year for pre-removable materials, completed the construction and delivery ceremony, which was successfully held at the Indonesia-Dabai Industrial Park, the first Chinese friend to invest in it.
The new energy lithium battery trio project was built and put into production, opening the pace of international manufacturing of Chinese-American products. The energy project covers an area of approximately 65,000 square metres, with a construction area of about 70,000 square metres and construction started in April 2024, and completed in only six months. On February 28, 2025, Phase II of the energy project was fully mechanically completed.
The ceremony was successfully held at the Dube Industrial Park, where the first Chinese friend to invest in a new energy-based lithium battery, trio-materials, was fully built in phase I and II of the industry-wide chain project. The project, which binds high-quality North American customers, will be accompanied by a gradual climb in production capacity, and the slope is expected to contribute to increased profits.
Figure 29: Favourable project aerial pictures 4 profitable projections and investment proposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1) Risk of a sharp fall in product prices. The profitability of a company’s products varies with the fluctuations in metal prices, if (2) the company’s fund-raising projects are not as advanced as expected.
3. Demand is not as high as expected. The company has a larger number of construction projects, its capacity is growing rapidly, and if downstream markets are struggling or demand is growing less than expected, it leads to an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, resulting in higher costs, higher production than expected, and a disruption to the company’s profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.