Incidents: On 14 August, Shandong Gold published its mid-2018 report. During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 26.19 billion yuan, an increase of 0.96 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to the shareholders of Shandong Gold (600547.sh) listed companies were 612 million yuan, a decrease of 0.93 per cent in the same year; and basic earnings per share were 0.33.
Gold production has risen backwards and corporate performance stabilized. During the reporting period, the company continued deep-drawing gold mining, smelting, etc., with the main products being standard ingots and various specifications, an increase of 24.80% over the same period. The gold plate subsidiaries of the company largely made profits, with Shandong Gold Minerals (Lizhou) Ltd. achieving net profits of $396 million, or 60.66 per cent of the company ' s net combined profits, and Shandong Gold Minerals (Linse) Limited achieving net profits of $161 million, or 24.62 per cent of the company ' s net consolidated profits.
Māori rose slightly, and cash flows remained robust. During the reporting period, company operating costs increased by 0.41 per cent, less than operating income. \triangleright, which benefited from production costs, was well regulated, with company Māori rates reaching 9.37 per cent, an increase of 0.49 percentage points from the same year. Moreover, the net cash inflows for sales of commodities have increased significantly, resulting in company operating activities.
During the reporting period, the Argentine currency peso depreciated sharply, whereas under Argentine law, losses on exchange could not be deducted before the corporate income tax, resulting in a substantial increase in the company’s income tax on the Belladro mine acquired in 2017.
In addition, as a result of the acquisition of the Belladro mine, the company's subsidiary, Shandong Gold Mining (Hong Kong), Ltd., lost $279.73 million. In addition, the size of corporate financing increased, bringing the financial cost to $356 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 115.10 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In the interest-raising cycle, both nominal and real interest rates are rising, and the price of gold is affected by real interest rates in the United States. In the long run, the United States, with strong or high inflation, increases in real interest rates during interest-raising are lower than nominal interest rates and will ease the pressure on gold prices.
The uncertainty of economic recovery, geopolitical issues, and the growing prevalence of Trump trade protection policies will raise the need for gold to avoid risk. We remain cautiously optimistic about the medium-term price of gold.
\triangleright calculates the price by 34 times, 29 times, and 25 times. Although the company’s overseas projects are not profitable as expected, the overall performance is stable given the successful completion of the company’s production plan.
Cinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Risk factors: production of mineral gold below expectations; risk of gold price fluctuations; increased production costs; disruption of production due to sudden events such as natural disasters, environmental protection, etc.
\triangleright, the front page of the company's financial data \
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. M.A. in Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for non-ferrous metals research.
This report has been prepared and published by the CSRC. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the SUD and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is available only to specific customers, not to the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.