In the Ninder era (30,750.sz) power cell sales peaked worldwide, and lithium unicorns were ready for launch.
The company is now on the market. The Ninder era was founded in 2011, and the company has been growing rapidly over the past seven years along with our new energy automobile industry. According to the offer note, the company sold 11.84gwh of power cell systems in 2017, for the first time beyond the pine to become the world’s number one power cell industry. At the same time, the company has entered the BMW, the public, etc.
The supply system of the entire company is rich in high-quality customers.The average sales price of the power system is $1.41/wh, a decline of 31.6 per cent compared to the previous year, but the Māori rate is still at 35.25 per cent.
The cost of its power cell system has been contained at about $0.91/wh, a 19.5 per cent decline in the same year, with limited investment in the Ningbomé bonded port area at the cost of the company system, reducing the control of the cost of some of the raw materials that benefit from the increased efficiency of production.
The dependence of large clients has decreased and the three-dollar battery has been significantly released: the top five clients of the company, Woo-hung, Peking Pride, Wong Shih-chung, Ji Li, Ximen Kimlong and Dong Feng, respectively, have decreased from 79.5 per cent in 2016 to 79.5 per cent in 2016.
The Ningpo Alliance for Innovative New Energy Investment Management (NIEI) is at 51.9%, and there is a significant reduction in the dependency of large clients.
The main product of Zhenhua's new material is the trinity material, and Glencore is the world's largest cobalt supplier, which can be seen as a significant increase in the three-dollar power cell output of the Ningde era in 2017.
Lithium electric material pre-empts, and lithium resources secure supply: the ability of the company to produce lithium electric materials expands rapidly, downstream and positive.
Material manufacturers have a strong demand for the company's pre-triple drive product, with the company's sales rate of lithium electricity in 2017 reaching 113.36 per cent. The company's business of 2017 lithium is 27.00 per cent Māori, which is higher than the water in the lithium power industry.
Ping. At the same time, the company’s fully-owned grandchild company, Canada’s Canadian-era intention to acquire shares in the lithium industry in North America, will increase the number of holdings to the Permanent State Centre for Equity and Investment (with a limited stock of 6.776 million as shareholders in its holdings) and further secure the supply of upstream materials.
It is proposed to raise $5.35 billion to invest in lithium power projects and to increase the layout of lithium battery operations; in addition, the company intends to raise $5.35 billion for investment in the Lithium ion cell production base project and power and energy storage cells in the socially advanced manufacturing industry.
In addition, the company will upgrade its skills in the battery field by increasing its research and development input.
Technology research and development levels and competition. Companies are constantly increasing the layout of lithium battery operations, and the role of lithium power giants is growing.
I. Lithium Power Batteries of the Global Layout, the Unicorn, was established in 2011 by Ningde Age New Energy Technology Ltd., with its headquarters in Fujianinder, China, with R & D centres, offices and factories in Shanghai, Beijing, Jiangsu, Qinghai, Europe and North America, which are the world ' s leading power cell systems.
According to ggii, companies ranked first in the world in 2017 with 11.84gwh sales. Corporate clients cover high-quality car firms for domestic and foreign owners. In terms of domestic brand customers, companies maintain long-term strategic cooperation with industry leaders such as Woo-tung Group, Upper-Car Group, North Gas Group, Gilly Group, Fu-Bob Group, Middle Car Group, East Wind Group and Changon Group; and international branders.
On the household side, the company has entered the supply system of the BMW, the general public, and other leading international companies.
The company ' s main business consists of power cell system operations, storage cell system operations and lithium electric materials operations. Figure 2: The company ' s main product, New Energy Technologies for the Ninder Age, Inc., was established in 2011;
(c) In 2017, a branch company was established in France, the United States, Canada and Japan, with a power cell in the period of the joint venture.
In the Ningd era, the real controlling persons were the Quantinos (the founders of atl and catl), Li Ping (the chairman of the catl, the co-founder of the company), the shareholders in the company had invested in the Swiss court, directly holding 29.23 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the actual control of the Qun and Li Ping acted together, together holding 34.95 per cent of the company ' s total pre-issue equity.
The company's main business is power cell systems, which directly benefit from the growth in the production of new energy vehicles. Figure 5: Corporate revenue (billions of dollars) and growth rates over the past three years
Figure 6: Corporate net profits (millions of dollars) and growth rates for the past three years
The net interest rate has risen steadily, owing to greater cost control, with a 17-year net interest rate of 21.44 per cent, or 0.7 percentage points higher than in 16 years. The sales and financial rates of companies have declined, and management rates have increased as a result of research and development inputs.
87.01%, 12.91% and 0.09% of the company ' s power cell system, lithium battery material and storage energy system operations in 2017. Figure 10: Disaggregated Māori rate of operations.
(i) Rapid expansion of production capacity, with the largest global output of 16,657 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 19 per cent over 16 years. Corporate sales grew mainly as a result of the high demand for new and capable vehicles downstream. In 2017, power cell systems were sold at 11.9gwh, up from 16 years.
In 2017, corporate sales totalled 11.84gwh, surpassing pine and Biadi, and became the world’s number one. Domestically, the share of top ten power cell sales in 2017 was 80%, up from 78% in 16 years.
About 2 percentage points. Industry concentration continued to rise, with the Ningde era surpassing Biadi by 27%, leading by 6 percentage points over 16 years. Figure 11: Domestic power cell rankings in 2016
Figure 12: Domestic power cell rankings 2017
The company ' s productive capacity expanded rapidly, reaching 17.1 gwh at the end of 2017, an increase of nearly 10 gwh over 16 years, compared with the same year, and the company is proposing to raise $3.35 billion for investment in the Lithium ion power cell production base project at a total cost of $9.86 billion, which will build 24 production lines for a total of 24gwh power cell capacity with a 36-month construction cycle in three phases.
(ii) Decline in the price of power cells, leading the profit-making industry, and continuing decline in sales of corporate power batteries due to excess industrial capacity and lower costs driven by technology and scale, which is 19.47 per cent lower than in 16 years, and a 9.59 per cent decline in the company ' s Māori ratio as a result of lower costs than lower prices.
However, the company ' s Māori rate remains above the industry average because of its high cost control capacity.Figure 15: Comparison of Māori rates in comparable company power cell operations.Figure 16: Corporate power cell unit costs and sales price ($/wh)
(iii) Sustained investment in R & D, leading the technology industry, as of 31 December 2017, with 3,425 R & D technicians in the company, including 2 national 1,000 project specialists and 6 Fujian 100 project and innovators, the overall R & D team is large and strong in the industry, compared with 3,628 by the end of the third quarter
In addition, companies are increasingly investing in research and development, upgrading the technology of battery systems and reducing production costs. The company states in its offer note that $4.2 billion will be invested in power and storage battery research and development projects, divided into vehicle power cells, commercial power cells, commercial power cells, etc.
The storage of lithium batteries and the next generation of batteries in four directions leads to high energy density, high safety, long-cycle life, low-cost direction (iv) wide client coverage and reduced dependence of large clients.
The North Gas Group, the Gilly Group, the Fovo Group, the Central Motors Group, the East Wind Group and the Changon Group have maintained long-term strategic cooperation: in the case of international brand clients, the company has entered the supply system of the BMW, the general public, and other leading international cars.
The partnership is more sticky because power batteries require joint research and development by car and battery companies and, by validating access to the catalogue, requires significant time and cost inputs. Figure 20: Number of recommended catalogues in 2017
During the year and 2017, the company ' s top five clients accounted for 82.62 per cent, 79.49 per cent and 51.90 per cent of the company ' s operating income, respectively, and Woo-sung was the company ' s largest customer for the third consecutive year, with East Wind entering the array of the top five clients for the first time. (v) Positive material purchases accounted for more than 50 per cent, and there was an increase in the demand for lithium purchases of three yuan.
The purchase price of positive materials has increased year by year as a result of higher upstream prices for cobalt and lithium. The price fractions for diaphragms, electrolysis fluids and casings have fallen by 27.52 per cent, 22.77 per cent and 6.20 per cent, which has led to a significant decrease in the total procurement of these materials.
As can be seen from the volume of purchases, with national policies encouraging enterprises to produce high energy density and high-scaling mileage batteries, the company is still the largest supplier, 19.19 per cent and 16.90 per cent. Kodali is still the company ' s largest supplier, and Greenme is in the top five suppliers for the first time. For the third year in a row, the lead intelligence is the company ' s top five suppliers.
Among the top five suppliers of 2017, Greenmill and Zhenhua's new materials are mainly three-dollar materials, and Glencore is the world's largest cobalt supplier, providing raw materials for companies to produce three-dollar pre-drives.
In 2017, the company collected 2,471 million yuan, compared to the year 2016.
The company’s capacity and production of lithium (pre-triple drive) in 2017 were 135,000 tons and 131,000 tons, respectively, compared to 113.36%, which is a reflection of the strong demand from downstream positive material manufacturers for the company’s pre-triple drive product. As a result of higher prices of upstream raw materials, the company’s sales and costs of lithium electricity increased, with the company’s sales and costs increasing in 2017.
At the same time, the company actively deployed its upstream lithium resources to secure the supply of upstream materials, and the company’s fully-owned Sun Company, Canada, proposed to acquire 3.65 million shares of the North American lithium industry held by Gene International, which will be owned by the Canadian industry once the purchase is complete.
In addition, the company is about to issue the RMB 217,243,733 shares (as a proportion of the total share capital since the issue) to the public.
(As a case is no less than 10 per cent), $5.35 billion has been raised for investment in the Lithium ion cell production base project and power and storage power projections based mainly on the following assumptions:
2. Significant price increases for raw materials 3 - Industrial policy is not as high as expected Summary of forecast and valuation data in the financial statements