Newtimesecurities, the new world king of lithium electricity, China's first place in global sales of power batteries in 2017.
Minimum/highest in a year: company exited atl, started with auto-powered battery systems and storage energy systems, acquired Guangdong Bump in 2015 and moved into the field of battery recovery.
From its inception in 2011 until 2017, the world's top power battery sales will be number one, with the power battery king formed in just six years, reflecting strong corporate development dynamics.
According to ggii data, our power cell output in 2017 was 44.5gwh, a 44% increase in the same year; the additional power battery load was about 36.4gwh, a 29% increase in the same year; the power cell output was 72.5 billion yuan, a flat price, and the vehicle would be transformed from a policy-driven to a market-driven, with a stronger endogenous growth dynamic.
• The company’s core competitiveness is shaped by the global power cell king, and the company’s technology is strong and its core competitiveness is clear. The main clients are Yutong, upper gas, North gas, Gilly, Foy, Middle, East Wind, Chang An, BMW, and the general public.
A total of 390 trucks, 64 of them, far ahead of competitors, with a maximum system energy density of 151.4wh/kg, are in a position of dominance in the same industry. The company has a layout in all three modes, and is expected to grow in batteries in the future with its own fine-tuning process management, scale effects, and technological lead.
The company plans to build 24 power cell lines with a capacity of 24 gwh.
Power cell production. . ..the industry slightly exceeded expectations in the first quarter of 2018, and companies have shown a remarkable increase in the number of power cell loads driven by the release of new energy vehicles since 2018.
In January-May 2018, we achieved a power cell loader of 12.67gwh, an increase of 224% over the same period. The Department of Public Administration accounted for more than 42% of the load of 5.4gwh.
1.1. The company was born atl, growing up as a power cell tap. The company was born attl of the polymer lithium battery, with a higher starting point from its inception.
Power cell systems and storage systems started with the acquisition of Guangdong Bump in 2015 in the field of battery recovery. This has led to a pattern of power cells at the core, storage cells and battery recovery, and the company now has a whole-of-sector development of power and storage batteries, materials, cores, battery systems, battery recycling, etc.
And manufacturing capabilities, leading global power cell system providers, the company power cell system for 2015-2017, ranked the top three global power cell companies for three years in a row, and the world's number one in 2017. From its inception in 2011 to the world's top power cell sales in 2017, it was made in just a few years.
The power battery king is enough to reflect strong corporate development dynamics. Figure 1: Corporate development path 1.2, large-scale fund-raising, productive capacity plus parallel development of R & D
The company raised $5.352 billion for the Lithium ion power cell production base project and the Ningdian power and storage battery development project, issuing no more than 217 million shares of ordinary stock, representing no less than 10.00 per cent of the total stock of the company after its release.
The R & D direction of the company power and storage battery project is 1.3, the firm's equity structure is clear, and the foundation for bottom-up and solid development of the workforce is introduced.
The company actually controls Tsang and Li Ping. The ipo had previously held 100% of the company’s shareholders in the company’s holdings, and indirectly 29.23% of the company’s shares; Lee Ping-chung held 5.73% of the company’s shares, both of them acting in concert, with a combined share of 34.95%, after ipo
The total shareholding rate fell to 31.46 per cent. 70.59 million shares, with 8.91 per cent since the issuance of the new unit. We believe that the scale of the staff-holding scheme is large and its roll-out is conducive to the motivation of managers and corporate staff to attract and retain good managerial talent and industry.
The company is based in Fujianinder, with 23 holding companies, and has 23 holding companies.
There are 11 participating companies and one branch company. There are R & D centres at Headquarters, Shanghai Branch and the German era, and factories in Jiangsu era, Time Steam, Guangdong Bump, with offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Canada, etc.
Domestically, with a global profile of 1.5, the power cell support company has grown in high performance, and since 2014 has benefited from the increase in power cell loads as a result of the rapid growth of the domestic market for new energy vehicles.
In the long run, both the company's operating income and its parent's net profit increased significantly, with the company achieving gross operating income of RMB 199.7 million in 2017, an increase of 34.40 per cent in the same year; the mother's net profit of RMB 3,972 million, an increase of 31.44 per cent in the same year; and the impact of the decline in the company's Maori rate. In 2018, o1 achieved operating income of RMB 3,712 million, an increase of 155.20 per cent in the same year;
The net return to the mother is 413 million yuan, an increase of 36,365.3 per cent over the same period; the net profit to the non-repatriate to the mother is 269 million yuan, and the share of the pool system is higher than 87 per cent, a trend that we expect to continue in the future.
Figure 5: Significant increase in corporate gross revenue, composition of company-owned business income, Māori rate of company, net interest rate maintained at a high level
Cash/business income from sales of goods and services is on the rise.
Historically, changes in transport power systems have been at the heart of the technological revolution. At the end of the 18th century, in the early 19th century, coal and steam engine trains triggered an industrial revolution in Europe, ushering in the era of human industry; in the 20th century, oil and internal combustion vehicles helped to lift the economy of the United States into oil-based economic systems and materials.
In the twenty-first century, oil-type transport energy shortages and environmental pollution became two major challenges in the development of automobiles. As the world’s car holdings rose sharply, the spread of internal combustion vehicles was causing increasing damage to the human environment, and environmental protection was being raised and oil reserves were being stored.
Over the past decade, our oil production has remained largely stable, but growing demand has led to annual growth.
Oil imports have increased significantly. In 2017, oil consumption rose to 590 million tons, an increase of 5.9 per cent, and consumption has increased at a rate of nearly six years. Oil imports and external dependence have also been at an all-time high, with 396 million tons of crude oil being imported throughout the year, an increase of 10.8 per cent; and external dependence has increased by 67.4 per cent, an increase of 3 percentage points over the previous year.
According to the 2017 Development Report for the Domestic and External Hydrocarbon Industry, our oil imports are projected to break 400 million tons/year in 2018, with external dependence approaching 70%. With the global oil resource allocation pattern now firmly in place, our country, as a latecomer, has its own oil.
Production is under increasing pressure to access oil resources through oil trade and overseas shares if domestic demand cannot be met. In the context of the continued growth of total vehicle holdings, intensive efforts are being made to develop energy-saving and new energy vehicles, while reducing the consumption of single-cycle oil, increasing energy-to-oil substitution and slowing the growth of oil consumption.
In the first place, controlling the external dependence of oil is both an important step in our energy security strategy and an inevitable option for our vehicle energy strategy.
The combined self-sufficiency of the country ' s crude oil and oil products, external self-sufficiency, 2.1.2 and the increasing pollution from mobile sources, with new energy vehicles helping to relieve environmental stress, increased the country ' s motor vehicle holdings from 187 million to 310 million vehicles in 2009 - 2017, an annual average increase of 6.55 per cent.
The country ' s vehicle holdings increased from 76 million to 217 million, an average annual increase of 13.98 per cent. By the end of 2017, there were 53 cities in the country with more than a million vehicles, 24 cities with more than 2 million vehicles and 7 cities with more than 3 million vehicles in Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Suzhou, Shenzhen, and Zhengzhou.
In the densely populated areas of the east, mobile sources contribute as much as 20 to 40% to pm2.5 concentrations. In extreme adverse conditions, they contribute more than 50%. Over 100 million new motor vehicles and 100 million to 150 million tons of diesel fuel will be added in the next five years.
Figure 14: Cities with more than 3 million motor vehicle holdings by the end of 2017
The automobile industry is the backbone of the national economy, and it is a dual pole in the power of national manufacturing software and hardware, which plays an important role in economic and social development. In the area of conventional fuel cars, hundreds of years of technological accumulation in developed countries such as Germany, Japan, the United States of America, especially in terms of technical barriers to driving technologies such as engines and gear tanks, etc.
In 2016, the top six cars, the east wind, the first gas, the north gas, the south gas, the wide gas and the Gilly, made a total profit of US$ 11,723 million, less than the $16,899 million in Toyota; although the ownership of the autonomous brand market has increased somewhat, it has not yet reached 50%.
The profits of bicycles are far less than foreign brands, and there is a large gap between Chinese and overseas automobile companies. And new energy cars are a major upgrade and transformation based on driving technology. In the area of new energy cars, domestic and foreign car manufacturers are being pulled back to the same starting line, and future domestic automobile manufacturers can compete fairly internationally, helping to upgrade the automobile industry.
• To promote the development of the entire industrial chain of automobiles; 2.1.4 per cent of passenger cars; 2.1.4 per cent of new energy vehicles to promote power consumption, reduce the difficulty of co-connection and reduce the pressure on peak frequency
By the end of 2017, our renewable power generation had reached 650 million kilowatts, an increase of 14 per cent over the previous year; renewable energy generation had reached 1.7 trillion kilowatt hours, representing 26.4 per cent of total electricity generation; this had increased by 0.7 percentage points over the same period.
In 2017, 51.5 billion kilowatt-hours, 41.9 billion kilowatt-hours, and 7.3 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively.
The power grid has day and night imbalances, as in the case of the Shanghai power grid, which has reached 60% of its peak and Beijing, which has more than 40% of its peak load. Especially for new energy sources, such as nuclear power, demand that power be distributed day and night. Wind power plants are generally windy at night, making the situation even more difficult for the country.
At the same time, the volatility of renewable energy sources increases the pressure on fire power plants, combined with the fact that there is still a surplus of fire power, a frequent stoppage, and a low-deep-deep-deep-up small start-up, which leads to an increase in electricity consumption and further increases in electricity emissions. On the basis of this, the promotion of new-energy vehicles, especially pure electric vehicles, on the one hand, can be achieved.
Promoting the consumption of new energy sources for power generation, on the one hand, and new energy vehicles as storage equipment, on the other, can be seen as a capacity backup, reducing the difficulty of co-connecting new energy sources, and reducing the pressure on fire power for peak frequency. This is not the only reason for the widespread promotion of new energy vehicles, which will drive the country to use new sources of energy and new energy.
The development of the strategic and emerging industries represented by the source car, as well as the promotion of technological innovation in the country, the reform of the electricity energy system, the promotion of the transformation of our industry and the strategic transformation of our economic structure, are important 2.2. New energy automobile policies are being put in place, leading to industry-wide development.
With a view to accelerating the process of industrialization of new energy vehicles, the State has issued a series of policy documents that strongly support the health of our new energy vehicle and power cell industries.
At the same time, the state formulates policies to support the development of storage technology and industrialization. By issuing the Coded Conditions for the Automotive Battery Industry (Appropriate Draft), the state is fighting at the policy level for hundreds of millions of watt-hours.
At the political level, the state supports and encourages power cell companies to do their best. 2.2.2, the fuel-car ban policy has introduced a fuel-bus plan, and new energy vehicles have a strong future in certainty.
At present, many countries have adapted their development strategies to accelerate industrial deployment in new energy and smart-networked industries, taking advantage of the new boom, and some countries have established timetables to stop the production and sale of traditional energy vehicles. The United Kingdom and France will have a complete ban on fuel cars in 2040; Germany will have a ban on traditional internal combustion vehicles after 2030.
The Netherlands and Norway will ban the sale of fuel trucks in 2025; India will have a complete ban on the sale of fuel trucks in 2030. Although we have not clearly stated when the sale of fuel trucks will be banned, it is also seen from the policies issued in 2017 that fuel trucks will be tightened: (1) the National Development and Reform Commission has banned new fuel cars and increased subsidies for new energy vehicles.
(2) The Ministry of the Environment and others co-published the Programme of Work for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in and around Kyoto 2017, which explicitly prohibits all ports in Tianjin, Hebei and the Ring Sea from receiving diesel trucks or transporting coal by the end of September 2017.
The city enjoys more privileges, and so on, as well as a tightening of fuel-car policy. Table 3: Timelines for the ban on traditional-energy cars, while major domestic and foreign car manufacturers have launched their own stop-fired fuel-car scheme.
2.2.3. Subsidizing the downside to the elimination of backward capacity, and supporting the development of leading enterprises, since the start of the new energy car promotion pilot in 2009, we have been implementing a new energy vehicle subsidy policy, which has been adjusted by the State with the development of the new energy car market.
There is a trend towards a tightening of levels and a gradual increase in technical standards. Figure 17: The history of our new energy car subsidy policy 13 February 2018, " Guan " , issued jointly by the Ministries of Finance, Trade and Communications, Science and Technology, and CSD-4
The Circular on the Adjustment of the Policy on the Application of Fiscal Subsidy for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, which, inter alia, adjusts and optimizes the criteria for subsidies for new energy vehicles and rationally lowers the rates for subsidies for new energy passenger vehicles and new energy-specific vehicles, is to be implemented from 12 February, with a transition period from 12 February to 11 June.
Energy buses, new energy buses, are subsidized by 0.7 times the previous corresponding standard, and new energy trucks and special vehicles are subsidized by 0.4 times.
The subsidy policy encourages high mileage, high energy density, low-energy vehicle patterns. Continuing mileage and energy density.
A comparison of the new energy bus subsidy scheme (including) a one-fold subsidy for wh/km kg and a 1.1-fold subsidy for 0.15wh/km kg and below. The upper limit of the subsidy has been reduced. 2.3. New energy vehicles have developed east wind and power cells have sailed.
Thanks to the excellent performance of the United States, Europe, and China markets, the world’s first new energy vehicle penetration rate exceeded 1% in 2017, marking a new stage in the development of new energy vehicles. The global spread of new energy vehicles has been on the rise, mainly as a result of several catalytic factors: (1) based on power cell technology enacted by countries.
By 2020, we will have achieved a significant increase in battery performance and a significant reduction in the cost, with the prospect of a “oil parity” that will contribute significantly to the development of new energy vehicles around the world. (2) Traditional fuel-car companies have adjusted their strategic focus to provide new energy vehicles. Since 2016, the world’s traditional fuel-car giants have developed new energy vehicles.
In the future, as support policies continue, technological progress, consumer habits change, and the spread of support facilities, ggii expects to reach global new energy vehicle sales in 2022.
There is no doubt that China is the world’s largest and fastest growing market for new energy vehicles, and it is the main driver of growth in the global market for new energy vehicles. In recent years, our market for new energy vehicles has grown rapidly.
This represents an increase of 53.8 per cent, sales of 777,000 vehicles, sales of 53.3 per cent, penetration of 2.7 per cent, and an increase of 0.9 pct, the third year in a row in the world. According to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, by 2020 the annual output of vehicles will reach 30 million, of which the annual output of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million.
As the volume of new energy cars is increasing, power cell development is approaching gold. Global power tank demand has increased from 2.7gwh in 2012 to 69gwh in 2017, with a combined growth rate of 91% in five years.
It is the largest increment of the three major plates of consumer electronics, power, and storage. The global demand for lithium batteries for electric cars is projected to exceed 325gwh by 2022, a 3.7-fold increase from 2017 and a combined growth rate of 36 per cent in five years, slightly faster than that for new energy vehicles.
Global power cell demand, coupled with the high sales of new energy vehicles, opens up high-growth space for domestic power cell demand. According to ggii, in 2017, our power cell output was 44.5gwh, an increase of 44% over the same period; new power cell loads were added.
About 36.4gwh, a 29% increase in the same year; power cell production of 72.5 billion yuan, a 12% increase in the same year, is expected to reach 80 billion yuan in 2018. In 2020, the production of power cell is expected to reach 146gwh, turning into a market-driven, home-grown growth drive.
Figure 21: Power cell production in our country, which allows the market to move into the long term, leads to a build-up of battery demand. According to ggii data, our storage capacity was 5.5 billion yuan, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the year 2017.
The power comes mainly from household storage, power grid storage, and telecommunications base stations. The domestic telecommunications base can be influenced by a large area of 4 g and the establishment of the Chinese Towers company in 2015, and the use of lithium batteries in communications will continue to rise.
Access, in conjunction with the universal application of micronets and electric vehicles, storage technologies will be a vital link for the coordination of these applications, and the energy chain will be a key node for the entire energy Internet; the rise of the energy Internet will significantly boost the demand for storage power. The rapid advances in lithium battery production technology will reduce the cost of lithium battery products and increase the storage capacity of lithium.
Compared to the competitiveness of other storage technologies, the market penetration rate of lithium batteries in storage energy will gradually increase, and the market size of applications will increase.
2.5. Global competition is increasing, industry is concentrated in high power cell areas, and companies face global competition, with major competitors including pine appliances, Biade, Votema, lig chemistry, national highology, power God, Beke, Samsdi, and Chinese lithium, among others.
According to ggii, for the third year in a row, company power cell systems were ranked third in the global power cell industry, with sales exceeding the limit in 2017, and first in the world. The power cell industry was more concentrated, with companies alone accounting for nearly 30%.
Inner power batteries cr. 80%. Companies and Biadei form the first motor battery, with a combined market share of 43%, with companies selling close to 30% and far ahead of the second-highest Biadi. The second team competes relatively strongly, with companies producing more than 2gwh annually, including Watma and Gokko.
Figure 23: Share of domestic power cell market sales in 2017, with domestic new energy vehicle subsidies dropping, downstream car manufacturers turning down price pressures, sending upwards into the industrial chain, power cell companies being forced to lower prices while facing upstream raw materials as core suppliers
Cost pressures. According to ggii, power cell prices fell by 20 ~ 25 per cent at the end of 2017 from the beginning of 2017: the price of lithium phosphate batteries fell from $1.8 ~ 1.9 /wh at the beginning of 2017 to $1.4 ~ 1.5 /wh at the end of 2017. We expect to be in the industrial shuffle year in 2018, with industrial consolidation and medium and low.
End-use capacity is eliminated, market concentration is further enhanced, and companies benefit from this as power cell taps.3 The company’s core competitiveness is shaped by the global power battery king 3.1, the power cell is at the core, and the storage battery and battery are recycled in both wings.
In the entire battery industry chain, the company mainly produces cores, modules, battery bags, and valuable metals such as nickel cobalt manganese in used lithium ion batteries. Battery bags can be used as new energy motor cells and storage energy systems to store energy cells. Battery recycling is achieved for nickel cobalt manganese and can be used for the production of lithium ion batteries.
The company ' s power cell system consists of cores, modules and battery bags, and the product is based on square batteries and is mainly used in special vehicles such as electric passenger vehicles, electric passenger vehicles and electric animal currents. The company ' s power cell system is capable of meeting the triggers.
The company designs individual product programs, including custom-made or joint research and development, to meet the different needs of the client for product performance, depending on the customer’s requirements and application.
Electrical passenger vehicles: The product meets high energy density, \triangleright long-range mileage, and is safe and reliable, mainly using triple materials as positive material.
Intubation mixed power by vehicle (phev), mixed power by vehicle (hev) and mini-collusive power by vehicle (ss).
Pool solutions, widely applied to pure electric buses, plug-in hybrid buses, mixed power buses, such as urban buses, commercial buses, ferry cars, etc. Specialized vehicle areas such as electric animal currents: tri-material or phosphate lithium as positive material, applied
Diversified battery custom solutions to meet the requirements of logistics vehicles for light quantification, combined low cost and durable use. In the area of logistics vehicles, product applications cover vehicles such as light trucks, light passenger vehicles, minivans, etc.; in the area of specialized vehicles other than electric animal currents, product applications are used for sanitation vehicles, port trailers, etc.
Table 11: Major product parameters for power cell systems Corporate energy storage systems include cores, modules, boxes, and battery cabinets. Corporate energy storage systems mainly use iron phosphate lithium as a positive material, and products are dominated by square batteries and are used mainly in the areas of power generation, transmission and distribution, and use of electricity.
Large-scale solar or wind power storage, industrial enterprise storage, commercial buildings and data centres storage, storage, power recharge stations, communications base station back-up batteries, etc., capable of overcoming irregular output characteristics of wind or solar power generation, compensating for line damage, tracking plans for peak filling, and effectively increasing energy utilization of wind and photovoltaic systems
The balance between power use and power use can help to maximize the use of energy. Power generation: load regulation, smoothing new energy sources. Company provides accompanied systems, smooth wind and light \triangleright
Volcano output, overcoming the irregular output characteristics of wind or solar energy, effectively increasing wind and photovoltaic power transmission and distribution areas: power compensation, compensating for the loss of the line. Distribution grids are equipped with battery storage systems, low grain charge, power peak discharges, solving the problem of low-voltage equipment use, low-voltage peak loads.
In the event of a partial malfunction of the grid, the power is continuously charged using the storage system to ensure the normal transmission of electricity, in the field of electricity use: (1) the industrial and commercial storage capacity: the difference in the price of the peak valley, the energy savings. (2) the communications base station: the storage capacity table 13: parameters of the main products of the storage energy system
3. Battery recovery (lithium battery material) The company operates lithium ion cell material operations through Guangdong Bump, producing nickel-cobalt-manganese-value metals from used lithium ion batteries through processing, refining, synthesizing, etc., which produce lithium ion cell material before trinity drivers (nickel)
Cobalt manganese hydroxide, etc., allows nickel and cobalt manganese resources to be recycled in the battery industry. The three-dollar pre-drill is a raw material for the production of the three-dollar lithium ion battery material, which is also one of the key materials for new-energy motor batteries.
Table 14: Lithium battery materials products and applications 3.2. Technology is strong, raising core competitiveness. Corporate technology is strong. Through long-term technological accumulation and development, companies have established product R & D, industry and industry.
At present, the company has a complete system of dynamic battery development and production, with a number of core technologies, including nanograde material development, core design, module and battery packages, battery management system design, battery recycling, etc.
The company has undertaken the 12th Five-Year National Technological Innovation Project for the New Energy Automobile Industry, the 13th Five-Year National Major Research and Development Project for the New Energy Motors and the Smart Network and Equipment Project, and the State.
One of the first 10 power cell enterprises to be included in the catalogue of the Ministry of Industry and Communications ' s Standard Conditions for the Automotive Batteries Industry, and one of eight lithium ion battery enterprises ' Standard Conditions for the Lithium ion Batteries Industry, are national projects, such as the torch programme ' s Industrialization Demonstration Project.
3,425 persons, or 23.28% of the total workforce, including 2 national 1,000 project specialists and 6 national 100-person and innovative people in Fujian province, and the overall research and development team is in the forefront of the industry. At the same time, the company has established partnerships with leading research institutions and laboratories worldwide, covering the Chinese Academy and Qing.
China, China, China, North China, Shanghai, China Society of Chemical Industries, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
In the last three years, 23.28% were significantly higher than those of companies listed in the same industry. Sustained R & D inputs are a top priority for companies to maintain their core competitive power and maintain industry leadership.
A strong technology patent accumulation. A well-developed R & D system, a strong R & D team, and rising R & D costs have led companies to obtain good research. In 2015, 2016, 2017, companies were patented, and their subsidiaries had 907 authorized domestic patents, 17 offshore patents, and were applying for patents.
The company undertakes a number of major scientific research projects. According to statistics on major scientific research projects, the company undertakes several research projects at the national and provincial levels, and the research and development projects cover materials, core design, devices and processes, and electricity.
Pools, electrical and electronics, battery packages, storage energy systems, etc. 3.3. High energy density technological advantages. According to the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2018, system energy density of 140wh/kg will be a pure electric power multiplier.
Key indicators for cars. Over 300 km of continuous mileage, a pure electric power density above 140wh/kg per vehicle will be subsidized 1.1 times higher than in 2017. The longer the journey, the higher the energy density, the higher the subsidy. This means that downstream car manufacturers will receive a high subsidy for system energy.
Power cells with a density of 140wh/kg or more are much more desirable, and we expect their own battery suppliers to meet the energy density requirement. We expect system energy density of 140wh/kg to be the threshold for power cell competition, which would enable firms that cross that threshold to be eligible for a drastic shuffling in the future battery industry.
In accordance with the Circular on the Adjustment of the Policy on the Application of Fiscal Subsidies for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, the policy transition period will end on 11 June 2018, with the abolition of the catalogue of recommended models of 1-12 and 1-4 of 2017 as from 12 June 2018 and the subsequent sale of new energy automobile products in line with the new subsidy policy
Requirements. Although the old Recommended Car Directory has been abolished, it is still useful. Under no high energy intensity pressure from the old subsidy policy, the energy density of the battery system produced spontaneously by an enterprise is high enough to reflect the technology of an enterprise.
In the case of pure electric vehicles, there are only over 40 models with an energy density of over 140wh/kg for the supporting system, with nearly 20 battery companies providing them, of which nine were in the Ningde era. 3.4. Users are very sticky and have a clear client advantage.
The power cell has a longer cycle, from product itemization to marketing, programme design, trial, sample testing, joint testing, national tender certification, product characterization, review to the Department of Trade and Finance, and announcement. However, generally, downstream car manufacturers do not easily replace power cell system providers after entering the list of qualified suppliers.
It determines the long-term and stable supply relationship between the entire company and the power cell industry, with a strong customer sticker. In the case of domestic brand customers, the company maintains long-term strategic cooperation with long-term front-loading firms such as the Wootong Group, the Upper Steam Group, the North Gas Group, the Jili Group, the Foon Gas Group, the Middle Car Group, the East Wind Group, and the Changon Group;
In the case of international brand clients, the company has entered the supply system of the BMW, the public, and the few domestic suppliers that provide power cell solutions for international automobile brands. At the same time, the company has worked with new and emerging whole-car companies (including Internet car companies, smart car companies, etc.) to actively deploy smart cars.
A total of 273 new clients were added each year, contributing $4.238 billion. The sales of the top five clients as a percentage of the current company ' s operating income fell from 91.91 per cent in 2014 to 51.90 per cent in 2017.
The risk for a number of clients will be further reduced. Figure 27: Reduction in client concentration from year to year
Hand, with a maximum system energy density of 151.4wh/kg, advantaged in the same industry. 10 power cell company auxiliaries in 2017, technical advantage plus cost control should respond to price reduction pressure on power cells
The company ' s revenue from the company ' s power cell business increased from $715 million in 2014 to $16,657 million in 2017, with a compound growth rate of 185.54%. The company ' s Māori rate is higher than that of the industry ' s listed company ' s power cell industry.
Should. All declines in the Māori rate of company power cell operations in 2017 have led to a “no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-
The unit cost fell from $2.21/wh in 2014 to $0.91/wh in 2017, showing a decrease in unit cost by more than a drop in unit prices, resulting in a decline in the Māori rate. As technological advances and power cell full-scale industry and industrialization have developed, the price of power cell systems has been declining, and this is the new energy vehicle capacity and tradition.
Core elements of car competition. By 2020, as planned in the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology, system costs are 1 yuan/wh; by 2025, system costs are 0.9 yuan/wh; by 2030, system costs are 0.8 yuan/wh. Based on the current price decline, it is less difficult to achieve a system price of 1 yuan/wh in 2020.
There is an upward trend in sales of power cell systems, a downward trend in average sales and unit costs of power cell systems, and a decline in technological advances and prices of power cells, which are the main driving forces in moving forward in the new energy automobile industry.
Declines in battery prices, increased requirements for combined power cell capabilities, and power cell lowerings have three main pathways: (1) process improvements to reduce the cost of direct materials; (2) scale-up, capacity utilization, promotion, automation and reduction of direct labour and manufacturing costs; and (3) stairwell utilization and modularization
The company is well positioned in three major precipitation pathways, and is expected to take the lead in battery costs with its own fine-tuning process management, scale effects, and technological edges. Corporate power cell production is more efficient.
The significant advantages of size and client advantage are the continued growth in production and sales, and the continued high levels of capacity utilization and sales. The faster growth of power cell capacity in the second half of the year led to a decrease in capacity utilization.
The share of direct materials in the cost of the company’s main business is on the rise, accounting for the vast majority of the costs of the company’s main business, with the share of direct materials reaching 83.75 per cent in 2017.
The share of manufacturing costs and direct labour tends to decline, and the share of direct materials in the cost of the main business is on the rise.
However, positive material prices in the company ' s main raw materials are on the rise, but as the technology of the company ' s products continues to improve, the unit wh of the company ' s power cell consumes less raw materials; while the company, as a power cell leader, has a larger and more stable procurement volume and a certain scale effect, the unit cost of the company ' s products is generally lower.
The year’s surge has led to an annual increase in the average purchase price of triple-dollar materials. Negative material is graphite, with a downward trend in the average purchase price for 2015-2016; and company graphite purchases rose in 2017 as a result of supply constraints due to changes in the supply-demand relationship in the graphite market.
Average procurement prices for diaphragms have shown a downward trend, mainly due to the technological strength, scale of operations and productivity gains of the domestic diaphragm enterprises in recent years.
The average purchase price of the shell/cap is on a downward trend, mainly because of the purchasing scale effect of the company, which gradually produces the main energy source required by the company. Company electricity prices averaged 0.50-0.55 yuan per unit, and remained largely stable. As a result of the company ' s scale-up of technology, there was a decrease in the consumption of the same unit, 2015-2017.
The annual share of electricity costs in the cost of the main business shows a downward trend, with 2.2 per cent, 1.77 per cent and 1.42 per cent, respectively. 3.6 Joint ventures were formed by the consortium to boost capacity.
Billions of dollars, 51% of the company’s share, 49% of the company’s upper-gas management. The upper-age gas will be used mainly for the development, production, sale, and after-sale services of lithium ion batteries, lithium-polymer batteries, etc. At the same time, a joint-venture company will be set up with 300 million dollars, 51% of the company’s upper-air management share, and 49% of the company’s share.
The advantage of the company is that the battery, upper-gas group has the battery management system. The combination of the two can combine the technical experience gained in the battery and new-energy automobile areas to design power cell products that are more suitable for new-energy cars.
Through joint ventures with upper-carbon groups, companies lock in a major share of China’s new energy car market, relying on China’s market, and they will have a better sense of global and international competition.
In June 2017, the company partnered with the upper-gas group in the Yangtze area of Jiangsu State. The first phase of the project, with a total investment of $10 billion, will create a power cell production capacity of 18gwh, which is scheduled to come into production in 2018.
The annual annual sales of new energy vehicles will exceed 600,000 and, if calculated on the optimistic estimate of 50 kwh per vehicle, 30gwh for the target sales of the upper gas group alone, and 24gwh for the conservative estimate of 40kwh per vehicle.
At present, the company has a capacity of 17 gwh, based on the company ' s expansion plan (in the era of motor and investment projects).
It will exceed the company's target of 50 gwh of gross lithium electricity capacity for 2020 set in 2016, when the company's city will occupy 3.7, acquire Guangdong Bump, and recouper the Blue Sea with batteries, and in December 2013, the company will have an equity of 65.58 per cent at $400 million Guangdong Bump, with an additional investment of $68 million.
With 69.02% shareholding in Guangdong Bamp, the company has extended the industrial chain to lithium battery recycling.In recent years, the country has launched the Policy on Electrical Automotive Battery Recycling Technologies (2015 version), the Standard Conditions for the Integrated Use of Waste Motor Batteries in New Energy Vehicles, and the Waste of New Energy Vehicles.
Policies such as the Interim Measures for the Regulation of the Integrated Use of Battery Industry, the Guidance for Accelerating the Development of the Renewable Resources Industry, and the Interim Measures for the Management of the Recycled Use of New Energy Automotive Battery Battery, have actively supported the battery recycling market, which is still in its infancy.
With the rapid growth of the power cell market since 2014, we expect to gradually enter the recovery period after 2018, and the end-of-life of the power cell will increase year by year as the capacity of the power vehicle continues to grow. With the end-of-life of the power cell, the rules for the recovery of the power cell are clear.
The current market demand for positive materials for lithium ion batteries in the country will continue to grow as the demand in the power cell industry continues to grow. As a result, the efficiency of the use of renewable resources will be expanded through the use of nickel cobalt in used lithium ion batteries.
The recycling of valuable metals, such as manganese lithium, and the production of positive-polar materials for lithium-ion batteries to allow nickel-cobalt-manganese resources to be recycled in the battery industry to avoid the risk of shortages of primary minerals and price fluctuations and to achieve sustainable economic development is the cycle of the company-based lithium-cell industrial chain.
The company uses battery recovery technology to produce lithium battery material, the main product of which is a trinity pre-drill, which is divided into three phases of the pre-treatment process for used batteries, the wet process and the pre-diversion synthesis process.
The revenue from the company’s lithium battery materials is expected to generate incremental new dynamic energy. Figure 41: The company’s tax revenue from lithium battery materials is on the ground, and the sales of new energy vehicles in 2018 are expected to be higher than expected.
Statistical data, affected by the transition period of the subsidy policy, 32.80 million new energy car sales were completed in January-May 2018, an increase of 122.9 per cent and 141.6 per cent, respectively, of which 250,000 were net electric car sales, an increase of 105.1 per cent and 124.7 per cent, respectively, respectively, and 79,000 and 78,000 respectively, respectively, respectively.
The target of 2 million vehicles in the second half of the year, the annual passenger product, was expected to be successfully achieved. January-May of that year, we achieved 12,67gwh in power batteries, an increase of 224%.
In the catalogue of recommended applications for the 5-6th batch of new energy cars in 2018, the number of company-backed vehicles amounted to 644.
The announcement of double points, which are close to the test date, stimulates the sale of new-energy cars. On April 1, 2018, the "Asymmetric Approach to Managing Average Fuel Consumption and New-Energy Autobots in Cars" was officially implemented.
The Ministry of Information published a double-counting of 2016 and 2017, with an average of 142.91 million negative points in fuel consumption, 98.9 million positive points in new energy vehicles, insufficient positive points in new energy vehicles to compensate for negative points in fuel consumption, 1.6803 million negative points in average fuel consumption in 2017 and positive scores in new energy vehicles.
179.68 million points for new energy vehicles are higher than the negative fuel consumption. With the introduction of the two-point system for new energy vehicles, in particular, “The share of new energy vehicles in 2019 and 2020 will require 10% and 12%, respectively” New energy vehicles are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, stimulating the entire industry of new energy vehicles.
The demand for the chain will benefit the company as a power cell tap.5 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1, core assumptions and profit forecasting
As the number of company-backed customers increases and the concentration of the industry increases, we anticipate a rise in the domestic market share of the company assuming an average price increase of 20 per cent by 2018 compared with the average price of the driveover in 2017, taking into account the future of batteries (1) as the company expands its production operations, the amount of waste generated in the production process increases and the waste area increases.
Revenue from the sale of materials and materials has also increased accordingly, assuming that the “waste disposal and sale of materials” will increase from 2018 to 2020. Technical licences will yield $365 million in other business income, which will be a one-time, non-continuing income, assuming that the “technical licence income” will be zero/0/0/0 for 2018 to 2020, respectively.
The sale of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations and the price of batteries has fallen faster than expected.