New Energy Automotive Battery giant, Yellow Clan, was established in 2011 as the world ' s leading power cell system provider, product package.
Power cell systems, energy storage systems, lithium battery materials, etc... Corporate power cell sales reached 11.84gwh in 2017, becoming the largest global power cell sales, and the production of power cells in global and domestic markets was rapidly growing, driven by new energy vehicles.
Issuance of up to (million shares) in electric car power cell size of 69.0gwh, production of Chinese car-powered lithium battery, total equity (million shares) after distribution
For 44.5 gwh, ggii expects global demand for lithium batteries for electric cars to exceed the total stock value of 325 gwh in 2022, and Chinese production of lithium batteries for motor power will reach 215 gwh, up from 2017.
At the same time, our power-cell industry policy supports leading companies, and the downside of subsidies increases the pressure on batteries to lower the price of China-China investment, Goldman Sachs, and the booming securities and the shift of subsidies towards high energy density.
It is expected that the concentration and company occupancy rates will continue to rise.
Ningpo Joint Innovative New Energy Investment Management Partnership (Little Partnership) Lithium Battery Materials
The company was established in 2011 as the leading global provider of power cell systems, products including power cell systems, storage systems, lithium battery materials, etc., with materials, cores, whole-of-industry chain development and manufacturing capabilities such as battery systems, battery recycling and secondary use of batteries.
(i) Power cell systems: products include cores, modules and battery packages, dominated by squares Batteries, which can be applied to electric passenger vehicles, electric passenger vehicles, electric animal currents, etc.
The main ones are new energy wholes, such as Woo-tung, upper gas, North gas, Gilly, Fu-Vo, Middle, East Wind, Chang An, BMW, and the general public. In 2017, the company sold 11.4gwh, making it the largest power cell company in the world. Currently, the sales of power cell systems account for the company ' s revenues.
(ii) Energy storage systems: products, including cores, modules, boxes and battery cabinets, for use in power generation, transmission and distribution and power use, with the role of regulating the smoothing of new energy sources, compensating for line damage, tracking plans for peak-filling, etc., with customers mainly from grid companies, power generation enterprises, etc.
(iii) Lithium battery material: carried out by the subsidiary Guangdong Bump, which produces lithium separations from the production of valuable metals such as nickel, cobalt, manganese and other metals from used lithium batteries through processes such as processing, refining, synthesizing, etc.
Sub-cell material trio drive, etc., with customers predominantly producing lithium battery positive materials. Figure 2 Company power cell system product system, Figure 3 Company energy storage system product system
(1) New-energy vehicles continue to replace conventional fuel vehicles, which benefit from power cell demand, and new-energy vehicles, which can effectively address the energy crisis and environmental pollution, have gradually been replaced by fuel-fuel vehicles, as countries issue fuel-car-ban schedules and associated regulations.
In 2017, we launched the Parallel Management Approach to Average Fuel Consumption in Motors and New Energy Cars, which will be used for the annual production of conventional energy vehicles starting in 2019.
If you do not meet the criteria, the company will face penalties such as suspension of the catalogue of cars and cessation of production of part of the traditional model.
The cumulation policy will accelerate the production of new energy vehicles and guarantee our new energy sources. From 2011 to 2017, the global volume of new energy vehicles will increase from 51,000 to 162.1 million, and the volume of new energy vehicles in China will increase from 0.8 million to 777,000, respectively.
Tens of thousands, 2.7 times more than in 2017, and according to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, the annual production and sale of new energy vehicles in the country is planned to reach 2 million vehicles in 2020, 1.6 times higher than in 2017, with a three-year compound growth rate of around 37 per cent.
As a core component of the current new energy vehicle, the output of power batteries has grown rapidly as a result of the sales of new energy sources. In 2017, the size of the global battery for electric car powering was 69.0gwh, while the production of Chinese car-powered lithium batteries was 44.5gwh.
ggii expects global demand for lithium batteries in electric cars to exceed 325gwh in 2022, 3.7 times higher than in 2017; Chinese production of lithium batteries in motor vehicles will reach 215gwh, 3.8 times higher than in 2017.
Figure 8 Global Power Battery Demand Analysis 2012-2022 (gwh) Figure 9 China ' s New Energy Battery Production 2012-2022 (gwh) Policy promotes the integration of the power cell industry, leading companies ' advantage in upgrading our power cell industry policy to support leading companies.
The Battery Industry Development Action Programme sets a target of 100 billion W for total production capacity by 2020 and plans to form internationally competitive leading firms with a market share of more than 40 per cent of the planned flagship enterprises with a market size of more than 40 billion W.
The subsidy policy, inclined towards a vehicle with a higher energy density in the battery system, will drive the motor-cell energy intensity requirement to rise, contribute to the elimination of poor-quality production in the power cell sector, and further expand the advantage of leading firms.
The energy density threshold for vehicle power cell systems was raised from 90wh/kg to 105wh/kg, the model adjustment factor for 160wh/kg was increased to 1.2 times, while the model adjustment factor for 105-120wh/kg was reduced to 0.6 times; the energy density of the non-fast charged pure electric bus battery system was reduced to 0.6 times.
The scale threshold was raised from 85wh/kg to 115wh/kg; the energy density threshold for truck and specialized vehicle battery systems was increased from 90wh/kg to 115wh/kg. The Action Programme for Promoting the Development of the Automotive Battery Industry also suggested that the new lithium ion cell single body would exceed the energy ratio by 2020.
300wh/kg, system-to-energy struggles to reach 260wh/kg. The concentration of the power cell industry has gradually increased in recent years due to policy push, product price pressure, etc.
The share of the top three companies in the battery industry increased from 57% to 72%, while the share of the rest fell from 43% to 28%.
Lower, aesc, gsyuasa, etc., Korea’s lig chemistry, tristarsdi, ssk, China’s Ninder era, Watma, Gokko, etc. In 2017, the company became the world’s largest producer of power cell sales.
In 2017, the largest global sales of power cells, including companies, pine generators, Biadi, Watma, lig chemistry, reached 12 gwhh, 7.2gwh, 5.5gwh, 4.5gwh, estimated market share based on total sales of 69 gwh, etc.
Figure 11 Global power cell business sales rankings, 2016 (gwh) Figure 122017 Global power cell sales rankings (gwh) Figure 13 Domestic power cell market share, 2016 (%)
The competitive advantage of 1.4 companies: (1) the domestic new energy motor battery tap, with customers covering the entire company, the domestic customers of the company covering the Wootong Group, the Upper Gas Group, the North Gas Group, the Jili Group, the North Gas Group, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the.
In 2017, the company’s main clients were Woo-tung, Praid, Gilly, Kim Long, Dong Feng, and others.
In 2016, the company ' s top five customers accounted for a share of sales revenue of $1.8 billion. At the same time, the client concentration of the company ' s top five clients has been declining, with the sales of the top five customers accounting for more than 3,200 cars in the 12 new energy vehicle catalogues published by the Ministry of Trade and Communications in 2017.
Of these, more than 500 vehicles, or about 16 per cent, are equipped with power cells. The fifth batch catalogue in 2018 screened the models in one to four batches in accordance with the technical indicators of the new subsidy policy and included the 1977 models.
The company matched 60 of 346 new energy passenger vehicle products, or 17.2 per cent; 439 of 1,150 new energy passenger vehicle products, or 38.2 per cent, were matched to the 5th recommended list of new energy passenger vehicle models.
Figure 20 Number of new Recommended Catalogues for new vehicle models for the 5th Recommended Cataloguing, as the volume of new energy vehicles sold by downstream customers increases and the volume of company power cell sales rises. From 2015 to 2017, the number of company power cells increased.
System sales were 2.19gwh, 6.80gwh and 11.84gwh, respectively. According to ggii, public power cell system sales were ranked third in the global power cell industry for the third consecutive year and first in the world in 2017.
Positioning global suppliers and successfully entering the international branding customer supply system The company is committed to the global layout and is now in the supply system of international brands such as BMW, the general public, Daimler, Mercedes, Nissan, Honda, outside its domestic clients.
Car companies have also announced that they will work with companies, which have become globally competitive in power cell operations. Companies have established offshore subsidiaries in Germany (2014), France (2017), Canada (2017), the United States (2017), Japan (2017), and so on.
Table 3 Cooperation with foreign car companies The company has become a public meb platform provider and the meb platform is a public motor vehicle modular platform that can build a compact suv, medium suv and medium sedans.
According to the public’s plans for new energy products in China’s market, 400,000 new energy vehicles are planned for 2020, and nearly 40 new energy vehicles will be launched in 2025.
To 1.5 million. New energy products such as popular e-golfs, pure electric plates, etc. are now based mainly on mob platforms, which are expected to increase significantly in the future.
(3) A well-developed R & D system, team size and input are industry leaders, a well-developed company R & D system, and a larger R & D team and R & D input are industry leaders, contributing to a continuous increase in the level of R & D technology in companies.
There are 3,425 R & D technicians, 907 domestic patents and 17 offshore patents, and a total of 1,440 domestic and foreign patents are being applied for.
The area of vehicles is technologically advanced in terms of the technical route products of lithium phosphate and the trio-material products with high energy and power density respectively. At the same time, companies work with upstream suppliers, national manufacturers of equipment to develop new materials and custom-made equipment to improve production efficiency.
Table 4 Corporate Core Technology (4) Expanding Lithium Battery Recovery and Storage Services, and Building an All-In-Process Service System
With regard to lithium battery recovery, the growing market size of power cells will result in a rapid increase in end-of-life batteries, and the value of the lithium battery recovery business will become more pronounced. The company’s acquisition in 2015 of Hiroshima, East Bump, is the country’s leading recycling company for used batteries, which will have nickel in used lithium ion batteries.
Priced metals, such as cobalt manganese, are used for recycling of nickel, cobalt and manganese resources through the production of triple-front drivers through processes such as processing, purification, synthesis, etc. In 2017, the company ' s lithium cell material business achieved sales revenue of 2,471 million yuan, or more than 12 per cent of total revenue.
With regard to storage systems, the market penetration rate of lithium batteries in storage energy is expected to increase gradually as the production of lithium batteries progresses and falls in cost.
Table 5 applications of the company’s storage systems, II. Corporate analysis and fund-raising investment
2.1 The history of the company and its equity structure, the profile of the actual controlling person The company ' s predecessor, Ninder Age New Energy Technology Ltd., was established in December 2011 and changed as a whole to S.A. in October 2015.
29.23 per cent of the company ' s shares, in which the person in charge is the Xuan Quan and Li Ping, in which the group held 100 per cent of the company ' s holdings and 29.23 per cent of the company ' s shares indirectly, and the company ' s 5.73 per cent of the company ' s shares, in which the two persons were acting in concert, together
34.95 per cent of total pre-issue equity stock. Figure 29 Corporate equity structure (formerly ipo) 2.2 Corporate business profile and changes in revenue profit structure
Corporate ownership stands out, with power cell systems accounting for more than 80% of sales earnings.In 2017, power cell systems, lithium battery materials, storage energy systems, and other businesses respectively achieved fluctuations in the level of Māori sales by companies and improved net sales interest rates.
The Māori rate for systems, storage systems and lithium battery materials has declined, and the Māori rate for lithium battery materials has increased year by year.
And power and storage cell research and development projects. Of these, the Lithium ion cell production base in the lake's west, the project products consist mainly of power cell cores, modules and battery packages, which will produce 24 lifelines, with a total annual capacity of 24 gwh power cell products. 80 kwh per vehicle.
The research and development of company power and storage batteries is mainly directed towards new energy vehicles, new energy commercial power cells, storage cells, next generation batteries, etc.
These include specific R & D elements such as new materials, battery management systems, intelligent manufacturing processes, light-quantified battery technologies, optimal design of production processes, recycling development of batteries, battery structure development, development of key materials for next generation batteries.
III. Analysis of profitability, growth and asset liquidity indicators: financial position and profitability projections
It is assumed that sales revenue from corporate power cells, lithium battery materials, etc., will continue to grow rapidly, the risks of changes in policies in the new energy automobile industry, the risks of market demand fluctuations, the risks of company longevity, the risks of increased competition in the industry, etc.
5.1 A comparative analysis of similar companies in the country selects companies such as the leading power cell producers in the country, i.e., high-tech, 100 million latitudes of lithium energy, oriental finers, with an average of 29.64 times that of comparable companies in 2017 and 2018.
Table 8 Comparison of value levels and price ranges available for 5.2 companies with listed companies
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.