Events: On 14 July, the company issued a performance forecast, which is expected to achieve a net return during the first half of the year.
q2 needs to be released at an accelerated pace in the context of back-to-work. The company’s main business plate (concrete machine + lift machine) market is rising, the strategic new plate (digger + high-altitude platform) is doubling, and new and old business is growing and performing a lot.
Looking to the future, companies have built up their product competitiveness, high-level buy-ups, confidence, sound business, and high red rates. Overall, the value-investment attributes of companies are prominent, and data on downstream industry investment and start-up rates are relatively marginal, and the engineering and machinery industry is looking forward.
In view of the same rate of growth in downstream industry, the decline has been narrow monthly and marginal, with a projected positive shift in the rate of increase in q3 real estate and capital investment, and a prolonged industrial boom from a small break in working hours to a sustained release of the accumulated demand from the effects of the epidemic. Markets are worried about the South.
The floods will have a negative impact on the industry, and we believe that the floods in the south will affect downstream work in the short term, but in the medium term, the recovery of the disaster and, in the longer term, the country is expected to increase its investment in major water projects, leading to an upswing in capital investment and, in turn, to the need for engineering and mechanical equipment.
With a total investment of $1.29 trillion in the construction of large water projects, which will generate direct and indirect investment of $6.6 trillion, the market share of company-owned products (concrete plus cranes) has been rising, moving beyond industry.
1. In the report on the study of the company ' s events, Hua An Securities Corporation showed a sharp upturn. 1 Pumped vehicle: according to the Chinese concrete network, q1 in 2020, in the event of an outbreak, the combined strength of the unit has increased considerably.
As a result, the sales of the combined pumps were equal to +25 per cent. q2 under the back-up schedule 2020-07-09, sales continued to grow at a high rate, and we've judged that the sales of pump products for the first half of the year are expected to increase at a higher rate.
50% higher than the industry, with a reverse trend in the city, but with higher national production of spare parts such as pump chassis in the first half of the year and favourable prices for products, income will increase at a slower rate than sales. Looking forward to the second half of the year, the production capacity of imported chassis pumps is strained by the epidemic, with a number of customers moving orders to the second half of the year.
The company has sufficient orders and is expected to grow well in the second half of the year. 2 mixers: q1 lines have dropped much, q2 returns, equal to the previous six months. The industry is currently in the process of producing surplus cars, with the first three firms (China Federation, Trinity, Central) increasing their share.
Heavy lifting machines: the share of engineering cranes has increased significantly, and the towers have continued to grow at a high rate. 1 Engineering cranes: mainly car hangers, car hangers, track hangers, car hangers, etc. with high rates of domestic production of spare parts in the crane industry.
Not because supply chain problems affected production capacity, the company had a normal supply in the first half of the year, and because the crane was slightly behind the excavator, the car crane industry grew less rapidly than the excavator industry (24 per cent) in the first half of the year, the industry is expected to grow less than 20 per cent in the first half of the year, the company will catch up with the excavator in the second half of the year, and the company ' s vehicle cancellations are increasing more rapidly than ever.
After the industry, it is expected to reach 30%, with a marked increase in the share. Two towers: the towers benefit from assembly-style construction, with companies accounting for more than 40% of the stock at the top of the industry, according to the old high profile. As productivity continues to rise, sales of the company’s new and emerging business portfolio doubled in the second half of the year, and will become a new performance growth point in the future.
In order to go to the excavator, the company's soil mechanics are deep, as far back as 2008, and the plate, the company, is not without foundation and sediment, starting from scratch, not from 0 to 1, but from 1 to n. We think that the layout excavator is the best and last chance at this point, and it's the strategy.
As a whole, the company focuses on engineering and mechanics, with a clearer goal, and the excavator is expected to become a new performance growth platform for high-altitude operations: the plate is a brand-new product that the company has focused on nurturing. In 2018, the company was built on a mature technology base and domestic channels, and in 2019 it achieved about $500 million in revenue and 2020.
It's a year of high-cost downstream leasing, and we expect the company to double the volume of high-gate sales in the first half of 2020, raise the Māori rate from the current 20 percent mark-up rate of 6.6 billion, re-developing, and the company's growth momentum in the future.
On July 5, 2020, the company released a set of plans to raise up to 6.6 billion dollars to invest in the four smart manufacturing projects of "Duggers + Key Parts + Key Hydraulic Parts + Critical Hydraulic Devices" and to supplement the flow of funds.
The Bureau's dredging business is the firm's best and last chance to do a great job;2 from the point of view of the introduction of the war offer: the company's core operating level is involved in the offer, its interests are consistent, and investor confidence is enhanced;3 from the point of view of the dividends: since the company's listing, the accumulated cash share has been 34.58 per cent, and is in the forefront of the industry, no.
On the whole, the company will grow more robustly in the future, and its value attributes will be prominent. The capital complement will fall short of expectations, market competition will increase, product Māori rates will decline, and new products will be productive.
The rate of gross interest rates has been rising.
Haaanresearch Chart 6 shows a significant decrease in cost, internal control quality
A significant increase in the scale of R&D expenditure in 2019 A marked recovery in the turnover of inventory and receivables, improved operating efficiency A sustained improvement in net operating cash flows and a good return
Figure 10 Statistics on the sale of our major engineering machinery, 2006-2019
The rate of central-connected car cranes has increased significantly in recent years, and the engine industry has continued its booming cycle, and the auto crane industry has stopped falling back in April.
Figure 20 contains a lot of advantages over traditional buildings, and figure 19 shows a rising proportion of new buildings in the country.
Intelligent City digs up, the U.N.U.K. Airfields open.
ze 205e-h1 mixed power digs, the Central I.R.C. Excavation Industries.
Gardens, production tools, excavations under the Uinan Industrial Park, and the German treasures.
We're starting construction at the Mechanical Park. It's a Chinese-to-Chinese mix. It's a show.
The park project has contracted the power of the excavator and the acquisition of power-commotive technology.
Central U.S.U.S. soil machines, U.S. ze1250e excavators, 350 ze230e tracks.
The Chinese Federation has developed and has become a home-grown excavator for export to the Middle East.
Excavators and bulldozers, maximum tonnage hydraulic excavators, single sales records for the industry.
A new generation of digs, diggers, charts, 24 overseas earnings are bigger than raising space.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.