It's time to build up the four smart manufacturing projects called "Excavator + Chasing Vehicle + Key Hydraulic Parts + Critical Hydraulic Devices" while replenishing liquidity.
The Bureau's diggers, which this paper reproduces the history of the company's excavator business and which is analysed from the point of view of the value ratio of the engineering and machinery industry, the global flagship business layout, argue that the layout of the excavator business is the firm's necessary path to doing great things and is now the best and last chance to do so;2 from the point of view of the introduction of the war:
The company's core business has been involved in this offer, re-emerged, shared interests and investment confidence;3 from the point of view of dividends: since the company's listing, the accumulated cash share has been 34.58 per cent, in the forefront of the industry, with shareholders planning returns over the next three years, with companies proposing 2020-2022 years.
There are two ways to increase entry: either by increasing the market share of existing products or by broadening the product category, while the market share of existing products (concrete machines + cranes) is rising and becoming more ubiquitous.
As far back as 2008, the tile-digger plate was not a process from 0 to 1, but, compared to the climax of the two-wheel-digger industry, the ecology of the industry changed in essence, and the brand of the national product rose. The stock market did not see large fluctuations in sales, as in the case of the incremental market.
The company’s share is still expected to increase through channels plus product plus production costs.2 The current stage is the final opportunity for the rigs. Compared to the cranes (one or more), the concrete machinery industry (the double-head monopoly), the dredgers are now only 50% in the first place, and the leading business market is only 25%.
There is also room for increased market concentration, and in recent years it has become more difficult to compete for market share when the market is more than 30% of the capital market.
This project is intended to build an international, leading, and domestic, industrial base for the smart manufacturing of blenders, with 10,000 blenders and 450 dry mixers in the year after their construction. The blenders are concrete.
The branch of machinery, which is second only to the pump, has a share of about 20 per cent for leading firms, and more than 40 per cent for pumping vehicles, which the company has been able to help with the smartness of the pump, due to the lack of barriers to its production, the high number of pumps, the number of market participants and the fragmentation of its pattern.
The key parts and hydraulics project will facilitate the extension of the industrial chain upstream, increase the self-sufficiency of the components, and reduce the efficiency gains. When completed, the key components project will reach 350,000 tons of high-yield steel per year and 75,000 units per year.
Paperboards. Key materials for high-strength steel, thin sheet products that are lightly quantified by companies, and essential components of products produced by companies, such as excavators, cranes, pumpers, high-altitude operating machines, etc. Once completed, the critical hydraulics project will result in the production capacity of about 250,000 hydraulic valves of all types, complete and complete.
These two projects are the strategic layout of the company’s extended industrial chain, as well as the improvement of spare parts self-control rates, the reduction of the increase in the number of components, the synergy of external warfare, confidence-building in internal warfare, and the specialization of different sectors.
It's not just the introduction of funds, it's the introduction of resources and mechanisms. There are four strategic investors in the process, namely, Wei Chih-seok, Yang-yue, Ningbo-Suh-tao, Heinan-King, and Hei-chung-Sung, who are the core managers of the company.
In order to participate in the limited partnership jointly established for this issue, there is no real business. The first shareholder is Jinzheng Jan, the chairman of the listed company, holding 24.5% of the shares.
External strategic investors can further optimize corporate shareholder structures, upgrade corporate governance and make business decisions more rational and scientific; on the other hand, core management of the company as a strategic investor will continue to hold long-term shares in the company, enhance confidence among investors in the primary and secondary markets, and act for the company.
Increased financial resources are being introduced into capital markets. The infrastructure is short-loaded, market competition is increasing, product Māori rates are falling, new product production can be delivered 1.1 from the point of view of business layout: whole machines, more parts and components, core competitiveness.
On 5 July 2020, the company released a fixed increase plan to raise up to 6.6 billion dollars to invest in the four smart manufacturing projects of "digger + mixer car + key parts + key hydraulic components" and to supplement liquidity. For the mainframe plant, operating income = market share of sales in the industry * prices * (combined products for different product categories),
In other words, there are two ways to increase income: either by increasing the market share of existing products or by widening the product category, the medium weight unit, the Section now has an increasing market share of products (concrete machinery plus cranes) and a coded excavator is a pioneer category, and the following focuses on the focus of market concerns:
1. What is the development of the Chinese Union ' s excavation business? What are the prospects for the future?
The park opened in 2011 with the capacity to produce 20,000 excavators, but the company was under-experienced during the last cycle of the digger business and encountered significant fluctuations in foreign investors and industries, thus missing the opportunity for this cycle, which, after strategic adjustments, focused on engineering and mechanics with clearer objectives, was not a zero-to-one plate.
It's a one-to-n process. The company plans to dig in, then dig in, dig in, dig in, dig in.
We're opening the ze 205e-h1 hybrid.
We're in the middle of something. We're in the middle of something. We're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something.
The diggers are under the Xinnan Industrial Park, where German treasures are visible, and the mechanical park is under construction.
The line marks the signing of the China-China merger.
The ability of excavators to combine power technology.
Chinese Union ze1250e excavator 350 ze230e tracked
The excavator that became a national product for export to the Middle East, the excavator and the bulldozer.
The largest tonnage hydraulic excavator has created a single sales record for the industry, and it's a new generation of digs.
Why, in 2019, the size of the domestic market reached $660 billion, and the size of the global market reached tens of thousands.
One billion, the most valuable of which is the excavator, for example, in 2019, with 450,000 pieces of engineering machinery and 236,000 excavators, or more than 50 per cent of the total. One, for example, is a domestic mainframe, with a three-to-one gross and net interest rate at the top of the industry, on the one hand, the scale effect of the volume and, on the other, the product endowment.
The profit differentials, which have gradually become the company ' s first source of revenue since the introduction of the Trinity Digger into the public company in 2010, and the Māori rate is also the highest among the plates;2 in the case of the global mainframe plant, Carter, Matsun, Volvo, Trex, Doosan, etc., despite differences in product line layout, such as the absence of the Caterpillar crane and concrete machinery.
But the products of all the mainframes are configuration machines and loaders, and the future mainframes are going to be strong, layoutd, excavators are essential, and we believe that this is the main reason why the Central and Central United Nations Section is focusing on breaking through the excavator business at this stage, highlighting the firm's determination and conviction to transform and upgrade and try to improve the overall competitive power.
3. Why is this the best opportunity for the industry? What are the risks if the industry goes down? First of all, the ecology of the industry has changed substantially, compared to the peak of the two-wheeler industry.
At the level of performance: one recovery cycle lasted longer and the landscape continued; two tons of structure evolved to two ends (small digs, big digs), with both absolute sales and class ratios shrinking; three leading domestic firms replaced national production, and national product brands emerged. The recovery was a stock logic that would not be like the incremental market.
Second, compared to the crane (over two), the concrete machinery industry (the double-head monopoly), the dredging machine is now only 50%, the leading business market is only 25%, there is room for improvement in market concentration, and more recently in a few.
The year saw an increase in the recognition of national excavators, an increase in the city’s share, and a decline in foreign branding, which, in our view, will make it even more difficult to compete for market share once the Excavator’s tap city is more than 30%. Finally, the excavator industry has recovered from 2016 to the present four years, and we believe that the excavator industry will be stable in the future.
The year is also the first year of the fourteen-five years, which is still expected to be positive, with a possible small decline in 2022, but the share of companies is expected to rise as long as they remain stable and through channels plus product plus production cost advantages. Intruding cars are intelligently upgraded, helping to increase product competitiveness, and thus pushing up the city’s share.
The project is intended to build a leading international and domestic industrial base for the smart manufacturing of blenders, and the project will build 10,000 blenders and 450 dry mixers. The mixer is a branch of concrete machinery and is of a higher value than the pump type, but because its production barriers are not high, there are more market participants and a better pattern.
As a result, the lead business has a share of about 20%, while the pump engine has a share of more than 40%, and the company's project to build up the smart mixer has helped to improve product competitiveness, and the market share is expected to rise further in the future. (The mixer is also a class of goods with a higher spatial increase in concrete machines.)
The key parts and hydraulics project, which will facilitate the extension of the industrial chain to the upstream, increase the self-production rate of the components, and lower the key parts project, will result in 350,000 tons of high-yield steel per year and 75,000 pieces of sheeting.
The completion of the critical hydraulics project will result in the production capacity of some 250,000 different types of hydraulic valves, which will be complemented by the production of hydraulic valves from the countries hosting the combined pumps, vehicles, excavators and other products of the group.
These two projects are the strategic layout of the company's extension of the industrial chain, as well as the improvement of the self-production of spare parts and the reduction of efficiency gains from the point of view of the introduction of the launch: the involvement of the core business sector in the subscription, the collapse of the ship, the synergy of the external battle, the build-up of confidence in the internal battle, and the collapse of the ship.
The funders, four of them, Wye Pilse, the life of the peace, Ningbo Sumito as an external strategic investor, and Heinan Cheng, who was founded on May 25, 2020 as part of the company's core management, participated in the launch of a limited partnership with no real business, the first shareholder being Jan Junzun, the first shareholder was listed by the public.
On the one hand, the introduction of external strategic investors can further optimize corporate governance, improve corporate governance, and make business decisions more rational and scientific; on the other hand, the company’s core management.
Participation as a strategic investor will continue to hold long-term corporate shares, demonstrating a high degree of ownership of corporate values by core management and a strong commitment to long-term corporate development, contributing to a good corporate market image, enhancing investor confidence in first- and second-tier markets and introducing additional financial resources into the capital markets of companies.
Figure 11: Henan’s stock-holding structure (core management holding platform) is well-run, consistently rededicated, with cumulative dividends of 34.58% since listing. The profitability of this project will be significantly enhanced, and the company’s dividends will be further enhanced.
2 Central hydration section: the bottom-deep engineering giant 2.1 development: starting in 1992, one of the country’s leading engineering machines, one step by one, and a number of high-end equipment manufacturers. The company was founded in 1992 and was formerly a Changsha builder.
In 2000, it was successfully listed in a stock market; in 2008, the building of the airport completed the injection of the company’s core assets to achieve overall listing. In 2010, it became the first company in Hong Kong to be listed as the a+h stock, thereby entering the fast-track for inter-firm development, and now forms 10 major categories, 600 through overseas construction, acquisition of priority business titles, etc.
The lead product maps for a variety of products have been expanded to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, while companies have been actively engaged in strategic transformations and are working to become a multi-dimensional, high-end equipment manufacturer, such as engineering machinery, agricultural machinery and financial services.
November 2001, November 1992, buying the stockholdings of the British Guard.
Merger and purchase of global condensation and sale of sand in India.
Central UTAC Intelligent Lutter introduces sanitation machines.
The division has been identified as the first site.
I'm going to have to sign the company's number one.
Two finance leases, the Hyde Industries Project, cifa.
A foreign direct investment has been launched in the Xinjiang district of Hunan.
Construction of the hangar, China Federation, acquisition of Chirre Heavy Worker, acquisition of the global tower.
Majors, Pulse, earth machines, objects, leading manufacturers, Germany.
The Wilberts of the State, the limited supplies, the bridge.
Figure 15 shows the re-costing of the shares of the United Nations Heavy Section, with management making autonomous decisions. As at 202001, the top 10 shareholders held 60.81 per cent of the shares.
In Hunan province, 15.92 per cent of the State Finance Committee ' s participation, and Chang Shenzhen as the management ' s main holding platform, with 4.91 per cent of the shareholdings. The Department is a national equity firm with no real control and management has the main decision-making power. 2.2 Operational layout: cranes and concrete machinery contribute the main performance
Focus on engineering machinery, layout engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, specialized vehicles and finance, four major business blocks. The company focuses on engineering machinery, a variety of products, starting with concrete machinery, and has developed priority varieties such as cranes, excavators, platforms for high-altitude operations since it was listed in 2000; and the company is constantly developing and making strategic transformations.
Upgrading, with the introduction of sanitation vehicles in 2003, with environmental protection; agriculture in 2015, with the company using China-United Capital as a platform, with industry funds as the backbone, in conjunction with engineering and agricultural machinery to improve the industrial chain layout, to facilitate industrial transformation and upgrading and to develop mutually reinforcing business systems.
The company's core business is cranes and concrete machinery. Since its listing in 2000, the company has earned more than 90% of the total income from cranes and concrete machinery. As the business has expanded, the variety of products has gradually been enriched. Since 2019, the total share of cranes and concrete machinery has remained as high as 83%, with 51% and 22.1 billion yuan, the largest operating income.
Compared to the gradual decline in 2019, which was 3.7 per cent, with an income of 1.5 billion yuan, the main operational and product extension time of the Joint Heavy Section is 2.2.1 cranes in figure 19: the increase in the market share of engineering cranes and the beneficial assembly of tower machines.
The engineering crane industry, which includes cars, tracks, hangs with cars, has a strong pattern, cr3 is more than 80%, the public and municipal sectors are currently ranked second in number, benefiting from the need for capital panels, the continuing climate of the crane industry, the company's increased research and development, the continued introduction of new products, and the city's share is expected to increase further.
q3 is expected to continue the first half of the year with a high increase in sales. In January-April 2020, the auto-cancellation industry increased by 1.6%, 48%, 5.7%, 29%, April.
On the one hand, because of the negative growth in the quarter of q3 in 2019, the low base, which is mainly applied in the capital sector, and the lag in the order in which the construction started, the q3 industry will be as bright as the current year's q2 excavators, the whole of which will be as low as the season. On the other hand, because of the negative growth in the quarter of q3 in 2019, the low base, the machines will be used mainly in the capital sector, and they will lag behind the excavators in the order in which they start, and as capital investment picks up up, the q3 will return.
The crane will continue the trend of the excavator, with a double-digit high increase in sales. Chart 20 Autocar crane “one-per-two” pattern (2018) The rate of central U.S. car cranes has increased significantly in recent years
Chart 22: Autocar cranes continue the booming cycle, car cranes stop falling back in April, construction cranes benefit from the build-up, and the atmosphere continues. Construction cranes are mainly pointed at towers.
In 2016, the State Council set a clear development goal for assembly buildings, which will have a national share of over 15% of new buildings by 2020 and 30% by 2026. The assembly buildings will be 100 tonnes and above, owing to their weight requirements.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the demand for assembly towers will reach 87,244 in 2026, based on a corresponding number of large and medium-sized towers per 8,000 m. There are currently less than 20,000 large and medium-sized towers available for assembly construction, of which only 0.97 per cent are 200 tons or more.
On the one hand, according to Ponse rental towers, the utilization rate was 39.9%, 12.9%, and 12.9%, respectively, in January-June 2020.
On the other hand, according to the Securities Times, in May, the Central Quetta has sold more than 2,000 machines, an increase of 67 per cent over the previous year, and a refreshing history; it is still in a state of high volatility, evidenced by manufacturers and renters alike.
2.2.2 Concrete machinery: Increasing research and development, leading the market, leading the market to light-quantified products, and a strong market position. The domestic concrete market is in a pattern of competition between China, China, the Kingdom, the firm position of the corporate sector, and in the concrete machinery subcategory, long-arm-loaded pumps, vehicle pumps, and jamming
The knitting stations are the first in the industry, the second in the short arms pump, and the third in the mixer. The company’s concrete machinery has a strong market position and even an increase in its absolute share of the product lines, with a growing advantage in light quantitative terms as a result of the company’s sustained investment in the “product 4.0” strategy.
Unable to go, the company ' s 5th and 4th long-arm pumps were the smallest and longest in the entire industry on the premise that they were legally compliant.
As the company’s “product 4.0” strategy progresses, the replacement of excavators’ products has always kept pace with the industry, and now the company’s e-10 series of 6-48 tons of new excavators have largely covered market demand.
In January, the company ' s Smart Industries City project was officially launched, in which the land-based mechanical-digger park was a priority development project, replacing it with hundreds of millions of dollars. When the new production line for the industrial-reconciliator is put into operation, it will be the most advanced in the world in terms of the construction of the production line, and it is expected to be completed by 2020, with a capacity of 1.2 to 15,000 in 2021, 2 to 25 million in 2022 and full in 2024.
In conjunction with the Industrial Park, the total capacity of the company's excavators is expected to reach 43,000 in the future, which is expected to achieve the company's objective of “five years ago three”.
Intelligent City digs up, the U.N.U.K. Airfields open.
ze 205e-h1 mixed power digs, the Central I.R.C. Excavation Industries.
Gardens, production tools, excavations under the Uinan Industrial Park, and the German treasures.
We'll start construction at the mechanical park.
Lines that mark China's mastery of power and power technologies for hybrid excavators.
Central U.S.U.S. soil machines, U.S. ze1250e excavators, 350 ze230e tracks.
China's Federation has developed a home-grown excavator to export to the Middle East.
A new generation of excavators, excavators and bulldozers, maximum tonnage hydraulic excavators.
Single sales book for creative industries Excavator release 2.2.4 Agricultural machinery: strategic adjustment, twisting loss to gain
In 2019, the company made a series of adjustments to the agro-mechanical plates, such as: integration of the Lake Lake, the Nanning Enterprise, streamlining of product swaths, integration of distributor channels, acceleration of low-end products to stock, etc.
Research and development experiments and market-based work to bind machines, dumpers, and develop higher-value-added products, with a Maori ratio of over 40% of the new products. We believe that, as high-end agricultural machinery products in companies are better-structured and agro-services business models are maturing, the agricultural plate is expected to turn upside down by 2020.
2.2.5 High-altitude operational machinery: Blue Sea Market, Shining Star, China ' s high-altitude platform market is expected to hold over half a million units in the future, with four times as much space as it currently exists. According to ipaf, as of 2019, the high-altitude platform on the United States market had 658,000 units, which, based on industrial research, were seized
By the end of 2019, we had 150,000, and we selected two dimensions of building value addition and gdp, counting potential Chinese market holdings of 74.29 and 43.43 million, respectively. Given the large differences in the structure of the gdp between China and the United States, and the 50% of the low-down-flight applications of the mature market, we think the construction industry will add value.
High-altitude operating machinery will be a new business growth point for companies. High-altitude operating platforms are a priority for companies.
New products. Since the company's high profile in 2018, built with a mature technological base and domestic channels, in 2019, about 500 million dollars in revenue and 2020, the year of purchase by high-renter downstreams, as the company expands its productive capacity, with 2.3 business performance: high performance and a return to profitability.
Driven by a recovery in industry, companies have strengthened their internal controls, Māori rates and net interest rates have entered the upward spiral, and performance has grown rapidly and profitability has increased.
A significant decrease in the cost rate, internal control quality A significant recovery in the turnover of inventory, accounts receivable and improved operating efficiency A continuous improvement in the net operating cash flow of chart 38 and a good return
2.4 Market layouts: steady progress in internationalization; steady progress in overseas home-grown manufacturing, with much room for growth. Internationalized marketing services network layouts have been continuously improved since the establishment of China International Trading Corporation in 2002 to deal with import and export operations; acquisition of Italy in 2008
After 60% of cifa equity, Germany acquired 100% of Wilbur ' s equity in 2018, consolidating global resources and promoting the home-grown manufacture of mobile cranes and tower cranes; the Belarusian base was largely built into a pilot phase in 2019, and localized manufacturing went even further. The company ' s overseas market has now expanded to more than 100 countries and territories around the world, and is now in 23.
Countries have established permanent agencies. Corporate overseas revenues have increased steadily in recent years, from 21.6 per cent in 2016 to 23.7 per cent in 2016 to 2019 in 2016.
The data and information used in the present report are produced independently and objectively, from publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.