Three years of performance is expected to double, valuations are significantly revised upwards. Post-Engineer product renewal for 2020-2022 continues at a sustained peak while downstream real estate infrastructure investments are not expected to be pessimistic, labour costs are driving the mechanization rate up, and the engineering and machinery industry is strong.
We expect a sustained growth in the industry in the next three years, with a weakening of the policy and strong cycle attributes, and a sustained growth in the industry: at the same time, a more optimal and rational pattern of competition in this round of recovery is expected to increase at a rate of 31.7 per cent to 18.7 per cent to 4.2 per cent in the inner concrete pump industry and a higher rate of sales in the blending industry.
Engineering cranes: The 2020 replacement peak is continuing, the capital and wind projects are pulling down the industry, the landscape is rising, and we expect the 2020-2022 construction cranes to increase their sales to tower cranes: to benefit from the boost in the penetration of assembly buildings to medium and large tonnage towers.
We expect that sales in the tower industry will continue at a compound rate of more than 10% in the next few years, and that the company, as a leading company, will take full advantage of its competitive advantage on the medium and large tonnage towers, and its share will increase further. At the corporate level: focus on the fastest growing engine in the engineering and machinery industry in the next two years, releasing high performance.
□ The Central Gravity Unit is one of the best concrete machines in the country, and the automobile crane is ranked first in the three and three tower cranes. Its main operations are concrete machines, engineering cranes, and tower cranes, all of which are post-cycle products of engineering machinery and are expected to be the fastest growing concierge in the last two years.
The three operations accounted for 83% of total revenue in 2019, and the net interest rate and the income size of the Division in the post-cycle showed the same trend of volatility, with a significant forward-scale effect. With the higher sales of products in the post-cycle, we expect that the size of the company’s income will continue to grow significantly over the last two years, with the industry providing it.
Net interest rates are expected to rise further, with improvements and firm size effects.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the three post-cycle landscapes of concrete machinery plus engineering cranes plus tower machines, with a strong and sustained market share and firm corporate leadership, will benefit
Reverse performance growth, high year-round growth 2, Central Quality Section (000157): 19 years, we think the companype valuation was significantly underestimated, and we gave the 2020 target an 11-fold valuation
1. Central and Central Quality Section: focus on crane and concrete operations, releasing high elasticity in performance
1.1. The largest share of domestic concrete machinery, the top two share of automobile cranes, is one of the leading domestic engineering machines. The Central and Central Quaker Section was established in 1992 and placed on the market in shares a and h in 2000 and 2010. In 2017, the company sold 80% of the shares in the environmental industry and refocused its main business.
Engineering machinery and agricultural machinery, which includes concrete machinery, crane machinery, earth stone construction machinery, pyrotechnic machinery, etc. Agricultural machinery includes farming machinery, harvest machinery, drying machinery, agricultural machinery, etc. The Central Gravity Unit is one of the best in the country’s concrete machinery, and the vehicle crane market ranks first among the top three tower cranes.
The company was formerly a limited public division for the development of heavy engineering and technology in the Federation of Changsha. It was approved by the former National Economic and Trade Commission. It was established by the Minister of Construction, the Sha Engineering Research Institute, and the Changsha High Technology Industrial Development Area.