The company studied today, 10 November, attracted j.p.morgan, Citigroup, Allianzgi,
Many overseas institutions, including Balyasny (Belesny), rbcglobalasset (Royal Bank of Canada Asset Management), were set up in 2018 with the highest capacity market in the world (22 per cent), not to mention its Māori level, which is 45 per cent, simultaneous, its peak chemical (Māori rate 33.82 per cent), its cement giant conch cement (Māori rate 36.73 per cent), and its power appliances.
It's a giant in the industry (30.22% Māori), the Ninde era (32.78% Māori), and the North (35.31% Māori). It's a Chinese giant.
Seeing here, before making valuation models, there are a few questions that warrant our reflection: 1) The fibreglass track, which is a vast downstream application, so what are the future growth prospects? 2) In the bovine materials track, why is the Māori rate killing a giant in a second, and what is its core competitiveness?
Today, we will start with the case of China's Great Stones, so we can sort out the modelling logic of construction materials. For similar areas in this case, we have studied conch, wanhua, Yang Noon, etc., to buy a professional version of the team.
The reportbank, which has some of the reports we've made before, as well as detailed financial models of Excel, and even in-depth research by hundreds of companies and dozens of industries, is deeply thinking about the nature of the industry. China’s Great Stone, originally known as China’s Bobble, was founded in 1993, the main fibreglass and its products, and the controlling shareholders are in China.
The State Building Materials Group holds a share of 26.97%. Its main business is the production and sale of fibreglass and products, of which the fibreglass cones contribute more than 95%, the Māori share, and some of the products are sold abroad, with a more balanced domestic and external income (43%), mainly due to higher value-added products in foreign demand.
To understand the case, it begins with the industrial chain: upstream, suppliers of raw materials such as ore, electricity, gas, and production equipment. The cost of raw materials in the fibre optic structure is around 45%, followed by energy (20-25%), depreciation (20%), labour (13% left).
The raw material is predominantly lasagna, which accounts for 50% of the raw material. The country accounts for 30% of the world's flask deposits, which are concentrated in Zhejiang and Fujian, with adequate supply, stable prices, and low upstream voice. The top five suppliers in this case procured 3,421 million yuan, or 29.21% of the total annual procurement, which is relatively decentralized.
It has a wide range of downstream applications, including transportation construction, delivery, electronic devices, industrial equipment, which account for more than 81% of the global market, “building + delivery + industry”; and domestic “building + electronic + delivery” accounting for 71% of the total. The company is represented by China, China, Central Iron, etc., with a Māori ratio of 8-15%.
China’s Great Stone, located in the industrial chain, has a global share of production capacity of 24%, and a domestic share of 33%, and has the highest level of stability in the industry. Among the industry’s representatives are: Ovensconin (0c, global 15%), Jasmawi (jm, global 8%), and Tarzan Fibres in the country (along with China’s Great Stone building materials, global market).
In the first three quarters, income grew by 1.43%, mainly as a result of the downside of the industry.
1) A combination of the global growth of gdp, which was affected by the expansion of industrial capacity in the previous two years, the entire industry went into the lowlands between 2011 and 2013, with China ' s Great Stones earning profits increasing at a lower rate, and the Māori rate at a lower rate. 2) From 2013 to 2015, industry rebounded, incomes rose and the price of the fibres rose, resulting in higher net profits than the price of the fibres.
When we get here, if we model the valuation of the case, the core problem is that -- so much downstream application, where do we begin with income projections? Historically, its income growth has gone through three major highs, among which are:
1) 2007 - operating income increased by 56.83%, mainly 120,000 tonnes of production capacity from the Kiryu village base, and increased price of the bobble. 2) 2010 - income increased by 50.25%, mainly 245,000 tonnes of fibres from the Kojiang and Chengdu production projects. 3) 2014 - income increased by 20.32%, mainly the return of demand from downstream segmented markets such as wind power, hot plastics, etc.
Warm, some products are in short supply and demand, leading to increased sales and prices. In summary, the income drive comes from two sources: production supply pulls; and downstream demand pulls. So, the question is, what is the future capacity-driven and downstream demand space, and how is the income forecast?
In this case, the fibre optics business consists of two major components: the fibreglass and the fibre optic products, of which 91.85% of the income from the filtration is the focus of our projections. It is worth mentioning that, although about 50% of its income comes from abroad, due to a lack of data and resources, we simplify projections, focusing on domestic income. Here, we split them by using the top-down "value method," which is:
First, because of the wide range of downstream applications, we chose the top three areas of demand: construction (34%), electronics (21%), and transport (16%).
So, how should we predict the demand in the three areas of construction, electrical and electronics, and transport? We'll look at it one by one.
Due to the advantages of insulation, sound insulation, lightness, etc., the fibres are mainly used in the construction area in a number of major areas - outside walls, waterproofing of walls, reinforced mudslides, door and window baths, interior walls, etc., covering interior decorating and decorating areas, for example, as boosters and casts, as ceilings, wall wall partition materials; and pvc, pe resins as floors.
Waterproofing materials, piped materials, etc. The amount of fibres is therefore directly related to the area where the building is completed. Moreover, unlike the basic materials such as cement, building ceramics, glass, and so on, the fibres are optional and have consumer upgrading properties, and therefore also benefit from an increase in the penetration of the fibres, i.e., single:
In accordance with the two driving factors mentioned above, we are disassemblyding in accordance with this formula: “Construction with fibre production = completion of a house and building * completion of a unit of fibre use”.
Housing completion — 935 million m2 in 2018, the same rate of increase — 7.8%, the rate of increase is historically low, but in fact this is due to the influence of small-cycle policy regulation. The rate of urban urbanization is still in the advanced stages of development (59.58% in 2018), at 75% of the end of the urbanization rate.
This is still far away. (See here the value modelling analysis of Vanko in Merger and Purchase, Core Product I: Impact after month of professional editions, starting in the first quarter of 2018, with seven months of real estate investment booming; this is reflected in this.)
1% of the level, followed by non-cyclical factors, the rate of increase is constant. This means that 935 million m2 are available for the long-term completion of buildings.
Pvc polyvinyl chloride (PVC) - pvc materials are durable materials and from 2002 to 2018, per 100 m2 housing area per Pvc was increased from 1.04 to 2.03 tons, with a compound increase of 4.5%.
Between 2006 and 2018, the demand for coatings per 100 m2 house increased from 0.28 to 0.95 tons, at a compound rate of up to 11.68 per cent, above pvc materials, mainly less durable than pvc and more fast-disposal properties.
Materials such as woodboards, which increased from 0.16 m2 to 0.81 m2 in the year 2002-2014, with a compound rate of 15.88 per cent in the area of fibre optics, as measured by Merger and Purchasing, in 2018, there was a demand for fibre optics per 100 m2 of dwellings in the country.
For 0.12 tonnes, here, we have a reasonable assumption that the demand for fibre optics will increase from 11.68% in paint history to 4.5% in pvc history over the next 10 years.
In the electronics sector, the fibres are used mainly as a base material for pcb circuit boards, along the lines of electronic veils, electronic sheets, coatings, and pcb circuit boards, which are one of the key raw materials for the production of the coating plates, which account for the cost of the coating.
The downstream applications of pcb are concentrated in four major areas: communications, computers, consumer electronics, and automobile electronics, which account for nearly 70% of the total. While the overall growth in mobile phones and computer markets has slowed, the demand for smart cars, new energy vehicles, and equipment related to the 5g powered telecommunications base station will boost demand in the pcb industry.
1, 5g base station - the density of 5g base station is higher due to the short transmission distance of 5g as compared to 4g, and according to China's connectivity forecast, the density of 5g station will be at least 1.5 times that of 4g, thus increasing the demand for pcb. Assuming that the demand for 5g base station pcb is 1.5 times the current rate over the next decade, the annual compound rate of increase is 4.6%.
New-energy vehicles - New-energy vehicles will significantly increase their electronic penetration. According to the Chinese Research and Investment Strategy Report on the Pcb Market (2019 edition), medium-end vehicles have 0.5-0.7-m2, luxury vehicles have a high capacity of 2-3m2, while new-energy vehicle single-bms systems are one, demand is 2-3m2, and if automatic driving is considered again, demand is 2-3m2.
The number of pcbs will increase at least four times in the future, assuming that the new energy vehicle will increase from the current 0.7 m2 to 2 m2 in the next ten years, at an average annual compound rate of 12.37%. So, the M&A reasonable assumption is that the increase in the demand for the fibre-shape in the electronics sector will gradually decline from 12.37% over the next 10 years.
4.6 per cent As a result, the demand for electronic fibres in 2018 was 68,88 million tons, and the estimated need for remote electronic fibres was 15,512,000 tons.
In the areas of automobiles, railways, aerospace, etc., the lack of corresponding data for the high-speed subways and aviation, emphasis is placed on the demand for fibres in the area of automobiles, in which the demand for fibres in the area of automobiles = volume of sales * filtration rate of fibres, respectively: 1) the future increase in the volume of cars in the country: the situation in Japan, where thousands of people have been saturated since 2002.
The subsequent sale of cars per 1,000 has remained stable at around 47 vehicles, compared with 2,371,000 in 2018, or about 17 vehicles per 1,000 inhabitants, which represents a large gap compared to Japan. Given the country’s national conditions, urban patterns, and the conservative assumption of the elite that we will be able to sell cars per 1,000 people over the next decade,
2) Infiltration rate: The ever more stringent emission standards for conventional fuel trucks and the increasing number of re-routing miles of new energy vehicles have led to a lightly quantified quest for cars. According to the information available, the vehicle's entire mass is reduced by 100 kg and 100 km of fuel consumption by 0.3-0.6 litres.
For example, Europe and America have about 7-8 kg of bicycles, while the country currently has only 4 kg, which is more than double the difference. Given the fact that cars’ lightly quantified orientations are certain, the increase in the use of bicycle fibres is also likely as technological conditions advance in the future.
The combined level of 8kg. The demand for fibres in the country ' s automobile sector in 2018 was 2.37 million * 4kg = 94.8 million tons, and for long-term cars 34.5 million tons (4.32 million * 8 kg/vehicle) at a compound rate of 15.46 per cent. In 2018, the demand for fibres in the country ' s transport sector was 52.48 tons, so we assume the future of aerospace, high-iron fibre seepage.
The rate of penetration is consistent with that of motor vehicles, which is 15.46 per cent in the case of car fibres, and it is reasonable to assume that, over the next decade, the demand for fibres in the entire area of transport will be reduced from 15.46 per cent to 2.6 per cent in the case of future cpis, which is available, and the modelling report predicts that the demand for fibres in the area of transport will be 121.16 million tons after a decade.
Ten thousand tons. Assuming that the proportion of total fibre demand in the three areas will remain constant in the future, the country will need 519.28/0.71 = 73.38 million tons in the future. Are the projections based on the above methods? We will have to cross-print through other methods 1) industry increases: multiple bond dealers, such as Western securities, have returned and demand increases are 1.2-percent of the gdp growth over the same period.
Based on domestic fibre demand of 3.28 million tonnes in 2018 and 7.3138 million tonnes in 2028, and 10 years of compound, our per capita fibre consumption as of 2018 was 2.35 kg/person, which is lower than that of 5.2 kg/person in the United States, assuming our per capita fibre demand is US level in the next decade, the country ' s long-term fibre demand is 1,395 million*5.2kg = 7.25 million tonnes.
So, as a city leader, the core decision that remains to be made is to expand capacity. Let's see how productive it is.
In 2018, China’s giant rock produced 32.16% of its domestic capacity. The future expansion of its capacity was driven by potential demand space for future industries and a share of other peer markets.
Production capacity (4.68 million tonnes in 2018, where capacity is greater than domestic demand of 3.28 million tonnes in 2018), can be calculated to yield a potential output of 2.57 million tonnes in demand in the industry. With the same pattern of competition in the industry, the expansion of capacity in this case is 2.570 million tonnes *32.16% = 82.65 million tonnes.
2) Market share increase space — at present, there is a high concentration in the fibre optics industry, where the share of industry cr4 has reached 69.92%. So, can China's share of production capacity be increased in the future? First, at the policy level, the Ministry of Trade and Finance, " Conditions of Access to the Glass Fibre Industry " , which consumes process equipment, unit energy, rings.
The package, among other things, makes clear that only China ' s giant stones, Tarzan fibres, Chongqing International, Santung Bo fibre, Jiang Soonghai and Kunshan must have five families, and therefore the future concentration is still certain. Second, given the volatility of the industry ' s cycle, the industry is more affected by the downside landscape, once it enters the lowlands.
The decline in the capacity of firms, or the fall in the price of the fibres and the pressure on the profitability of the producers, has led to a partial liquidation of the small and medium-sized producers. For example, global demand fell by 5% from the 2011 to 2013 industry, while the annual gross domestic product rate fell to 8% and the overall loss, and the parent company was forced to choose to put the fibres on the market in order not to drag the companies on the market.
In the present case, China's Great Stone has expanded the “cost advantage moat” by: 1) upgrading production lines through cold-renovation techniques and reducing fuel consumption and depreciation; 2) replacing high-value ore raw materials with low-cost ore raw materials through the development of formulas; 3) reducing the procurement of raw materials through equity or controlled ore companies, or by self-constructed ore production lines
In the last three years, the average Māori of China’s giant stones has been more than 400 yuan above the Thai mountain fibre, 900 yuan above the Shandong fibre, and the root dollar) and the Shandong fibre has been in a loss, while China’s giant stones have been able to maintain a single ton of profits of 700 yuan or more. So, on balance, there is still room for an upturn in their city’s share, so the question is, what is the scope for an upturn in the future?
We compare our competition with industries with similar industry characteristics such as “product-driven”, “high cyclicality”, “high product standardization”, i.e. 1) semiconductor dram industry - the world's top three: tristars (44 per cent), Hercules (29 per cent), magnesium (22 per cent); 2) single crystal silicon tablets - the country's top three: Lungi shares (41), Central Ring shares (33 per cent), Crystal (7 per cent);
3) LCD panel - the world's top three: lg (17.1 per cent), Kyoto East (16.2 per cent), PV cluster (13.2 per cent); 4) gypsum plate - the country's top three: new materials in the north (54 per cent), Jason (4 per cent) and Jiboro Utility (4 per cent); 5) mdi - the world's top three: 10,000 chemistry (24.4 per cent), Bassov (21.03 per cent), Kostov (17.43 per cent);
6) Grass glyphosinium - the world's top three: Monsanto (33.6%), Fukuda (18.2%) and Euphoria (17.3%)
(a) In the area of (a)dram, the market share of Samsung, mainly through the enforcement of anti-cyclical investment laws, and the constant need to promote product upgrading, with the result that the rivals are killed (reverse-cyclical investment, technological upgrading);
2. In the area of single crystallized silicone, Lungi shares are long-term monocrystals, compressing costs to extremes and achieving a backlash by integrating downstream clusters (costs ahead); 3) in the area of castpaste, the share of the North ' s new material market is as high as 54 per cent, mainly due to the current desulfurization.
It is basically produced in a fire power plant, where new construction in the north takes over the gypsum resource (resource advantage); because the technical barriers to the fibres are low and the upstream materials are well supplied, it is difficult to increase the market share in the field of drams and gypsums. Moreover, the bobble track is driven by productive capacity, using the cost advantage of scale effects as a moat.
So it's more comparable to the competitive logic of single crystal silicon. So here we have a scenario analysis: 1. The optimistic assumption is that China's far-reaching market share of the Great Stone can reach the market share of Lungi shares in single silicone (41%).
The amount of energy available for long-term capacity-building is 105.36 million tonnes. In addition, taking into account the possibility of other manufacturers actively distributing capacity, the distance between production and sales solves the amount of potential expansion, so what's left is how the capacity can be converted into sales.
Impact: Specific capacity-building points, capacity utilization rates, and production and sales rates.1 The capacity-building point - the expansion of the production capacity of the fibre-optic industry, similar to the display panel, is more suited to counter-cyclical operations, the industry is low in the year, based on optimistic predictions of the world ' s up-to-date cycle, and the country ' s three major producers are growing their capacity at an annual rate of more than 30 per cent.
But, as a result of the financial crisis, the price of the bobby continues to decline, and the industry goes to the bottom. But, given that specific expansion points are influenced more by the enterprise’s own factors, the periodicity of the expansion is no longer considered here.
When analysed here, the problem of production to sales is basically solved, followed by, inter alia, forecasts of “prices.” Historically, the price of fibres fluctuates over time, on the one hand at the downstream end of demand, building materials, new energy sources, cars, electronics cyclicality, and, on the other hand, at the end of supply, at the production end (extension of production leading to expansion of production capacity, increasing supply over demand);
Annually, 5492 yuan/tonne (oversupply, industry low); 2017, 5668 ton (restored industrial cold-repair capacity, supply), increased demand for high-performance fibre-optics such as electronic veils in 2018, and prices rebounded. However, in 2018, intensive production of production capacity (0.7 million tons) increased supply, resulting in expected average sales prices over the next two years.
Figure: New production capacity in the fibre-optic industry over the years and, in the long run, electronics, light-quantified cars, and increased construction fibre content will gradually release new demand, so prices are small. In fact, in the first three quarters of 2019, the price of fibre-optics was under pressure, with a 7 to 8 per cent reduction in the price of the coarse, compared to what we predicted.
There is no significant decline in the number of squares. To analyse this, China’s Great Stone’s domestic business income has been projected, but it is not yet over: it is foreign business income, which, due to the lack of relevant data, we have simplified the forecast: the past decade has been driven by faster economic growth, and domestic demand for fibre optics has grown faster than abroad.
In recent years, however, China’s giant stones have been pushing ahead with the pace of internationalization of production capacity. As of the first half of 2019, a number of foreign bases, such as the United States, Egypt, and India, have been laid, totalling 400,000 tons of production-in-progress capacity, and are still expected to accelerate in the future, so, in the long run, the elite believes that China’s giants’ domestic and foreign income structure will gradually evolve from a 50:50 pattern.
Gradually rising to the level of 1, resulting in forward earnings from foreign operations of $15.511 billion. (Mid 2019 shows limited credibility of income projections under overseas operations/laws, so we cross-checked with them from other angles: method 1, quarterly inverse income – in historical terms, income in the last three quarters of the past decade accounts for almost the entire year's income ratio.)
From the third quarter of 2019, revenues amounted to $7,738 million, an annual increase of $10,180 million, an increase of 1.47 per cent over the same period. Method III, Intra-life growth method — internal growth = net asset return* (1-point red rate). Over the last three years, the average return on net assets has grown at a higher rate than our projected increase, as well as at the rate forecasted by the institutions, mainly the in-house growth rate of non-reactive capacity to climb, and
Research has concluded with the end of the income forecast. Following the above-mentioned energy-driven logic, we move into the production-capacity scenario -- in the future, where will the money be spent in this case?
Capital expenditure in this case consists of two main aspects: maintenance expenditure (cold-reflection), additional construction in progress (new capacity), maintenance expenditure, mainly on cold-repair, and re-engineering capital expenditure. The properties of the fibre-optic production process determine that it cannot be easily shut down kilns, because they can easily cause damage to fixed assets, such as fire-resistant materials, and it takes three months to start a new kiln, usually straight.
In China’s history, the last wave of production capacity was built in 2013-2018, with an increase in capacity of 1.11 million tons and a new capacity of 460,000, or 91% of current capacity. According to the 7-8-year cold-reflection cycle, the next period of concentration should be around 2026 in 2021.
On the assumption that the cold-renovation plan for 2021-2026 will remain at the same pace as the new production capacity for 2013-2018: 120,000 tonnes, 460,000 tonnes, 195,000 tonnes, 470,000 tonnes, 130,000 tonnes, 340,000 tonnes.
New construction work in progress: based on the above-mentioned capacity, and taking into account the ratio of foreign and domestic business income of 1:1, there is a need to increase capacity in the same way, we can draw an optimistic expansion of capacity of 1.05 million * 2 = 2.1 million tons over the next 10 years, excluding the 426,000 tons to be completed by 2019, with a further 1,674 tons of new production space remaining, taking into account capacity-building
To retain a certain excess capacity, based on 89% of historical capacity utilization, a new capacity of 1.88 million tonnes is required over the next decade. Unlike the cost of investment in cold-renovation and one-ton capacity of 16.6 million tonnes, the cost of investment in new capacity is higher and is on the rise, owing to the increasing energy consumption and environmental standards of the regulatory layer for the production of fibre-optics in recent years, as well as intellectualization and automation.
The conversion of the workshop led to an increase of 120 million yuan per ton per ton in 2018, so: The Mergers and Buying Mergers have a reasonable assumption that the current investment costs will remain unchanged over the next 10 years, with a total investment of 22.560 billion yuan, or 1.88 million yuan per ton, in the forward of the next 10 years.
After looking at capital spending, we go to profit-sheet projects to see how costs and costs burn down. Historically, the Māori ratio has increased steadily since 2009 to almost 40 per cent over the last three years, well beyond industry firms, owing to the continuing decline in production costs, mainly due to upstream industry chain layout, technological upgrading, etc.:
The purchase unit price of its raw materials is significantly lower than that of Tarzan Probables (US$ 400 to US$ 450), Chongqing International (US$ 500 to above), which, on the one hand, acquired the upper-lying company Kwanjiang, in 2012 and took control of the supply channels for raw materials, which supply small pieces of flask. And, on the other hand, its domestic production base (Zijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, Jiang Xixiang) is adjacent to the resources of the flask.
For resources in the area of building materials, and for transport, one can refer to the lubricant that we have analysed in the “Professional Report Bank” that allows them to choose low-priced stones and produce high-performance fibre-optic products.
3. To restructure the products and manufacture higher-tech products, and to acquire product pricing rights. In 2018, there was still room for upgrading their share of high-end products; and, secondly, to increase automated production capacity and save human costs, such as the intelligent and unmanned transformation of 300,000 tons of workshops in Kiryu.
Yearly decline to an average of almost three years, remaining unchanged for the next seven years. (All) and chest hysteria: China's monotonous rock cost (in dollars)
Next, because of the relatively small share of overhead and sales costs, we have simplified treatment: the administrative costs — mainly R & D spending, labour and depreciation — have been on a downward trend for the past decade, mainly as a result of the expansion of income and the use of a wide range of self-motivated and intelligent productions, and the team believes that the giants are still at the top of the scale of product technology and product varieties.
The cost of sales – consisting mainly of transportation and packaging costs, salaries of personnel – has been on the rise for the past decade, mainly because of the global distribution of production and sales, which has been driven by China's giant stones, and which in the long run will continue. So, Yogi, this trend will continue.
By reference to the increase in sales costs over the past decade (1.28 per cent), the team reasonably assumed that the future sales costs would be raised to projects that had completed the burning of the money, and that there was a project that affected free cash flow — in this case, the right to speak up and down, the right to speak down to the downstream is primarily to look at receivables, the right to receive money in advance:
Accounts receivable - China has a relatively high ratio of accounts receivable in terms of industry comparison, although about 50 per cent of these are cashier bank bills, while historically, the change in income from accounts receivable is also more affected by the cycle, with industry from 2013 to 2014
Accounts payable — mainly for upstream gas, electricity, etc. — increased bargaining power over the last five years as the scale of production expanded, the ratio of accounts payable increased gradually, but considering that most utilities such as gas, electricity, etc. are regional monopolies, it is unlikely that the ratio will continue to rise in the longer term, so the team reasonably assumes not to be at the 2018 level.
Advances - costs are relatively small, costs are depreciated, and over the past five years, around 7 per cent, the elite team has simplified the pre-records, where several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When assumed to be done, modelling is a water-to-water process. All of the above is for financial modelling tables.
Before making model calculations, we summarize the basics of the case: 1. Speed of increase: downstream applications in the fibre-optic industry are extensive, ceilings are high, and demand in the fibre-optic industry is roughly 1.2 to 1.6 times higher than in the same period of the gdp.
Growth drivers: there are two main ones, one being an output-driven, and the other being a core income-driven investment, and the other being a downstream demand-driven rise in the price of fibres. Ping, mainly due to its heavy asset-input model.
4. Core moats: First, the cost advantage of scale, operational efficiency, technology, and second, the competitive pattern resulting from large capital expenditures: the overall industry pattern is currently relatively concentrated globally and domestically, with an international scale of cr4 accounting for 63 per cent; the domestic scale of cr4 accounts for 72 per cent; in this case, China ' s Great Stones are among the leading industries, with foreign production accounting for 22 per cent.
Domestic markets account for 33%. 6 M & A expectations: As mentioned earlier, China's Big Stone's brother company, China's China China China Chui, China's listed company, has a third and second-largest capacity in the world. From the point of view of competition, China's Great Stone used to be in 2017.
“In order to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of China's Great Stone and its small and medium-sized shareholders, and to eliminate and avoid competition between China's Great Stone and other producing and marketing enterprises of fibreglass and its products affiliated with China's building materials, Chinese construction materials will, within three years of the date of issuance of the pledge, combine commission management, asset reorganization, and the requirements of the relevant securities regulatory authorities.
In a variety of ways, such as stock exchange and business restructuring, the integration of related operations is well advanced to address peer competition issues.” If the two groups merge, the ratio of domestic capacity will reach more than 50 per cent, with about 30 per cent of global capacity.7 Risk factors: 3 quarterly reports, 2nd largest shareholder of China Stone, 510 million equity pledges as of 2019
So, based on all the above analysis, we enter the key parts of this report — financial model construction, financial statement matching, cash flow forecasting, data modelling, and excel modelling tables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
For example, Yangjiang Power, Haikang View, Heung Swe Medicine, and for example, Heung Swe's medical products are used as a source of information about the situation in the country, as well as some of the key companies' detailed valuation models.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines.
It is only by thinking clearly about these issues that this company can be fully understood, creating a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can run through secondary markets -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not worked out, there will still be a huge disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones that we have, and whether there are any interesting points to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies? 2) are the combination relative valuations, absolute valuations, and are the resulting valuation ranges logical?
Where? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, what is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain — how is the choice of different methods in the modelling of valuations in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed link in the valuation modelling logic?
4) After the pre-opinion surges and crashes, many people may be in a state of panic and sleep -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it's expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, so that the merger team will have to order it.
The user’s demand for the report is no longer free of charge, and some of it is gradually trying to pay for it. A reasonable price for the good product is a way to make the world a better place – a cost that will help us to add more investment elites from the world’s top universities, and to buy more from the global elite.
If you are interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the lower two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modelling of this case, and the possible financial risks involved.
This paper is based on public corporate attributes, in accordance with the law.
The disclosure of financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc. to the public within the established obligation is organized without endorsement for future changes, and any future changes are not relevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their completeness, accuracy, timeliness. City is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On the subject: financial modelling reports are voluminous and cover only some of the key industries and industries.
Case, do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered. Please understand. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only from the micro-trust platform, not responsible for any other platform content, we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting or violating the platform.