The recovery rate is split by a small upturn in net interest income and a small upturn in the process.
\triangleright’s contribution to fair value change gains and losses is friendly. The profit growth rate is split and, in addition to the positive contribution of scale expansion and other non-interest-bearing income, the anti-breeding profit-making effect of 2021 is significant, with a contribution of 65.9%.
By the end of 2021, companies had awarded more than 33,000 clients.
The wealth business was a bright spot for the company in 2021, with individuals aum breaking by $11 trillion, of which the private sector aum grew by 16.8% to $2.16 trillion.
\triangleright signal. The company's assets returned to the loan and increased its investment in medium- and long-term loans, with interest-bearing asset returns in 2021 at a rate of return of 21H1 ring to 1 bp below. At the end of the liability, the overall cost is guaranteed.
There is room for improvement in asset quality. The bad rate ring has increased slightly, but significantly in the same year. From within the loan, the quality of retail loan assets has continued to improve, with a negative rate of 0.46 per cent as at the end of 2021, down from 12bp at the beginning of the year.
52bp, the ratio of late class assets (1-90 days) to 10bp, reflects the substantial strengthening of asset quality. Performance increases are in the upper range, with “the eight major financial “breaths” creating a new growth space, netting differentials or having been “floored” for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright collection, profit acceleration ring double-litre. In 2021, company revenue increased by 7.1% on the same year, from 3q21 ring to +0.8 pct; net profit return (hereinafter referred to as “profit”) increased 12.3% on the same year, ring to 0.1 pct, presented
The growth rate of net interest income has recovered slightly, net fee income has rebounded, and other non-interest income has increased steadily. Although the growth of company size increased by 1 pct in 2021, the net difference has decreased by a fraction.
Re-widening has weakened the impact of scale expansion on the growth of net interest income; net fee revenue has increased at a rate of 7.8 per cent over the year; ring ratio + 0.4 pct, which is driven mainly by agent income; and other non-interest operating income has increased at a rate of 33.6 per cent over the year, mainly as a contribution to fair value change gains and gains under an interest-rate environment.
By the end of 2021, the contribution of the provision to the profit growth rate was 65.9%, but the contribution of the "8 Finances" was growing by season.
By the end of 2021, companies had awarded more than 33,000 clients with “new” uniforms.
The business of wealth was a bright spot in the company’s 2021 growth, with individuals aum breaking by $11 trillion, of which private business aum grew by 16.8% to $2.16 trillion on the same year, generating 33% growth in revenue from the financial business of wealth.
The net interest difference of the company was 1.75%, a decrease of 10bp from the beginning of the year, but only 1bp less than the 21h1 ring ratio, releasing the build-up letter. Against the background of the lower rate of return on the overall interest-bearing assets of the industry, the company's assets were put back to the loan and increased, from within the loan, the quality of retail loan assets improved steadily, with a negative rate of 0.46% as at the end of 2021.
At the beginning of the year, there was a decline of 12bp, from 21h1 ring to 5bp, in which the credit card business improved significantly, with adverse ahead-of-the-year indicators showing a trend towards further improvement in the quality of the company’s assets. In 2021, the ratio of assets of concern decreased by 10bp, and the ring dropped significantly by 23bp, reflecting the substantial consolidation of asset quality.
Figure 16: Share of loans by banks in China within 90 days of default 5.1 Prospective profit scenario and split operations Performance in upper-line areas, “eight major financial “breathing new growth space, net interest differentials or “bottom-up”, capital
For the first time, it was covered with a “recommended” rating. Table 1: Comparison of corporate pb data with 1) Macroeconomic Growth Decline: Economic Growth is subject to some downward pressure due to the external environment and domestic demand.
Poor demand for credit from residents, businesses and a slowdown in the expansion of the sector. 2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: due to changes in economic development, changing customer demand, etc., strategic transformation 3) capital replenishment is under pressure: the systemic classification of important banks imposes higher demands on capital adequacy, and the city is not in a position to do so.
Changes in the level of recognition of bank capital supplemental investment or increases the pressure on capital supplementation. A summary of corporate financial statement data projections. Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.