In 2022, the company achieved business income of $10,059 million (+2.34 per cent) and the mother ' s net profit of $100 million, resulting in a reversal of the profit.
The company's net profits were reversed in 2022, owing to the impact of the rise in the price of coal machines and electricity, which averaged $519/mwh, an increase of 20.69 per cent; the landing of the “3 100 per cent” policy of the Association of Coal Governors; and the decline in the volume of fire power.
The Māori rate has been positive, with a slight decrease in the cost rate and an increase in net interest rates. In 2022, the company Māori rate was due to the impact of the landing. In terms of cost rates, the company ' s management cost rate and financial cost rates were 1.53 per cent, Roe significantly improved and net operating cash flows increased significantly. In 2022, the company ' s roe was 2.12 per cent, the same as in 2022.
The increase of 11.55 pct, the rise of the roe, is due to the same increase in net interest rates and an increase in asset turnover. On cash flows, the net operating cash flow of companies was $9,654 million, a significant improvement in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the increase in the price of coal power and electricity; and on investment, the net cash outflows were $8,509 million, a decrease of 34.12 per cent, a decrease in the same year.
The impact of the annual integration of new energy assets; net cash outflows from financing activities amounting to $1,183 million, mainly from corporate reimbursement; further improvements are expected in the profitability of the fire power business, with the growth in installed power driven by a sustained increase in performance. In 2023, the country will need a high proportion of the medium- and long-term trade in electricity, as well as a forecast return on coal prices.
In addition, the company's fire and electrical installed capacity is expected to improve further. In 2022, it added a new engine, China Electric International (600027.sh) - a three-quarter decline in performance, a return on investment season of 1.34gw, and as of 2022, the company's fire and electrical unit had been approved/in-progress installed with 7.89gw capacity.
With the above-mentioned project being gradually completed, the company's engine assembly will be increased further in size, contributing to the growth of performance. Revenues increased by a small margin, resulting in a net loss of profit. In 2022, the company achieved an operating income of $107,059 million.
(+2.34 per cent), the net profit of the mother is $100 million, which is a positive gain. The company’s growth in operating income is mainly the result of coal, which has benefited from such factors as the landing of the “3 100 per cent” policy of the Association of Coal Governors and the decline in the volume of fire power, which has led to a decline in the growth rate of its net electricity generation and of electricity on the Internet. In 2022, the company generated 22.932 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity.
As you can see, the amount of electricity generated by electricity generated by the fire dropped by 2.95 per cent from the same year to 2.95 per cent from the same year to the same year; the amount of electricity generated by electricity generated by the hydroelectric power generation dropped by 0.33 per cent from the same year to the same year by 9,742 million kilowatt-hours; and the number of electricity generated by the Chinese Power International.
In 2022, the company ' s Māori rate was 0.43 per cent, an increase of 6.59 pct over the same year, mainly due to the increase in electricity prices and the impact of the Länder ' three 100%' policies. In terms of cost rates, the company ' s administrative and financial rates were 1.53 per cent and 3.78 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The annual net interest rate for companies was -0.60 per cent, an increase of 5.87 pct over the same year, reflecting an improved trend in corporate profitability.
Roe has improved significantly and the net operating cash flow has increased significantly. In 2022, the company ' s net cash flow was 2.12%, plus 11.55 pct, and the rise in the net interest rate has benefited from the increase in the same rate and the asset turnover rate. In 2022, the net operating cash flow of the company was $9,654 million, and the operating cash flow improved significantly, mainly coal.
The impact of the rise in machine and electric prices; the investment-oriented net cash outflows of $8.509 billion, a 34.12 per cent decrease over the same period, is mainly due to the impact of the consolidation of new energy assets in the past year; the net cash outflows from financing activities, which amount to $1,183 million, are mainly due to the repayment by companies of loans for imported coal, an increase in the supply of coal, and a possible decline in coal prices, which has led to further improvements in the company’s performance on fire power in recent years.
Policy assurances will continue to work to promote the continued nuclear expansion of advanced coal production, but much of it has been released in the previous two years, with limited scope for significant increases. On the international market, with increased production of coal in Indonesia, India, and increased procurement opportunities for the import of Mon, Russian, and Australian coal, imported coal will need to be made more complementary to domestic demand.
On the demand side, the share of electricity from non-fossil energy will continue to rise in 2023, and the rate of increase in coal consumption will slow further. In 2023, policies guaranteed that the performance rate of long-term contracts for electricity coals would be increased, that the role of the Association would be effective, that the supply and demand of coal markets would be reduced and that the coal price hub would be reduced.
In 2023, the state demanded a high percentage of the medium- and long-term trade in electricity, and coal prices are expected to turn back, and the company’s profits from the fire and electricity business are expected to improve further. With the increase in the size of the new engine, performance is expected to grow further.
Energy supplies are needed, and the size of the additional heat and power loader is expected to return to the growth corridor. In 2022, the company launched a power source of about 1.40gw, consisting mainly of a coal-fired generator unit of 1.34gw, a hydroelectric unit of 56 MW, and a self-service photovoltaic generator unit of about 5.69 MW. By the end of 2022, the company had a holding capacity of about 54.75gw.
The company's power is in the process of constructing the unit, which is large, while actively layouting the water pumping and storage project. As of 2022, the public power unit had been approved/in the construction of the project with a capacity of 7.89gw, of which 6.85gw was installed and 1.04gw was installed. At the same time, the company Ushi River received 298 megawatts of water pumping.
As the above-mentioned projects become operational, the size of the company-fired assembly machines will increase further, contributing to growth in performance. Overall, the growth of the company-fired electricity has steadily advanced, seizing opportunities for coal trap development while steadily expanding the quality of the gas.
The company, on the basis of its robust size, has continued to expand its development path, the restructuring of its industry, and the restructuring of its business. The author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoning and drawing conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author