To fully benefit from carbon neutrality, the industry's champions have always been strong. 0603/2021 - East Wu Carbon Medium and Series (II)
In 2021, the company produced 4,853 million tons of steel, the first in the whole industry; according to the annual report, the company produced 4.68 million tons of steel in 2019, the second largest in the world.
Nearly 50%; the company’s core product, Carboard Market, is up to 60%, and the home board City is up to 70%. Because of the structure of the product, the steel stock is more than 80% of the production of the plate, and the main force is the car, car, home power, etc. manufacturing industry. According to historical data, the stock and total manufacturing profits have increased at a rate of up to 60%.
The senior executives made clear in their speech that carbon peaks in 2023 and carbon neutrals in 2050. The parent company, the BMW Group, responded strongly to the country’s “strength of action programmes to achieve carbon emissions by 2030” and supported the rule of law.
“To achieve a peak in carbon dioxide emissions by 2023 and a neutral carbon emissions reduction by 2050” was announced at the plenary meeting of China's BMW Committee, held on 20 January 2021.
We have two main policies for low-carbon emission reduction in the steel industry: to press iron production and implement carbon emission quota allocation systems. The boar shares are based on carbon reduction, the “Nose” of the Bull, scientific planning of carbon peaks and carbon reduction programmes, and active promotion of green layouts,
The company fully benefits from carbon neutrality, and the industry is strong. The iron and steel industry, with 10% CO2 emissions, is the main battleground for carbon in the industrial sector.
Carbon peaks in 2025, carbon neutrals in 2050, and is expected to show an example in every industry. As the most environmentally friendly company in the modern energy industry of 1, " Carbon Medium and Perspective " , companies will benefit fully from carbon neutralization and: 1) they will move into low-carbon technologies.
Systems construction and evolution -- windlight realization. For carbon emission reduction, companies are closely following the cutting edge of low-carbon processes in the steel industry, and real parity is still a long way off.
Contribution to sustainability improvement efforts; 2) corporate environmental inputs continue to expand, with the cost of costing and capitalization of corporate environmental inputs increasing by 0.39 per cent and 89.66 per cent respectively in 2019; 3) corporate ton steel net profits are long higher than comparable companies, and corporate ton ton to steel net gains reached 265 yuan in 2019, respectively
Super-expected + massive buy-backs up, better than companies; 4) the group has the greatest capacity in steel and steel production, with the ability to produce under supply constraints, to raise the 2021 profit forecast to $20 billion and maintain the "buy-in" rating. We expect the company to be in the best position.
The price rises in the eighth month, and the billboard rises in value. Given the tightening of environmental policies in the carbon neutral and larger context, companies are expected to benefit from it as industry environmental poles, and companies are expected to benefit from the manufacturing industry downstream as industrial consumer goods.
1. Treasure steel: China’s steel industry’s core asset, 1.1. Production-scale industry is the first, absolute leader. Bosan Steel Co. Ltd., formerly the Shanghai Bosan Steel Master Company, was established in 1977.
Iron was merged with upper steel and steel, forming the Treasure Steel Group; in 2000, Bosan Steel Co. Ltd. was set up and listed on the Shanghai Exchange in the same year. The company absorbed the combined shares of martial steel by swaps in 2017. The Wu Steel Group, a major shareholder in martial steel, was integrated into the Treasure Steel Group, which is known as the China Treasure Group.
All contracts, qualifications, etc. have been transferred to Wu Gang, where the company has a limited share of 100% of the precious steel stock. The company’s major shareholders are China’s Treasure Group (with 48.56% of the shares), the Second Shareholder’s Steel Group (with 13.39% of the shares) has a 100% share; the company actually controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council (61.95% of the total).
By business classification, it can be divided into steel and steel companies and non-steel companies: steel and steel companies with limited weapons and steel (formerly military and steel shares), new Japanese cars, steel pipes and steel steel, and trade distributions, mainly Treasure International, Treasure Europe, and Treasure and Treasure.
The non-steel business is divided into four main sectors: the chemical industry, the financial sector, the Shanghai Farmers Bank, the information technology sector, the Euromelt Clouds in the electronic commerce sector, etc.
Base-building, with a combined crude steel capacity of 48.53 million tons, is the first level in the industry. According to the company ' s annual report, the steel stock was 4.68 million tons in 2019, the second largest in the world, with a high capacity utilization rate of 97 per cent.
In 2019, according to the China Steel Association, the total output of the entire industry was nearly 30 million tons of motor and household panels, while the total output of the company ' s motor and household panels was nearly 19 million tons, representing 63 per cent of total production.
The company became a Fiat supplier as early as 2001, a public supplier in 2002, and in 2004 co-financed Japan's New Day Iron Company and Luxembourg's Assello Company, the “Board Steel New Day Iron Motors Company” Ltd., which took over the board market. According to Mystel, the Treasure Bank merged.
After that, the market share of the Bo Steel Board rose to 60%, and the vanguard status rose even further. According to company reports in 2019, the overall yield of silicon steel was 85%, it was 100% in the direct-treat high-pressure market, and the Qingshan base was now running a zero-pressure supply break.
Downstream is industrial consumer goods that benefit fully from the manufacturing upstream. Downstream is mainly industrial consumer goods that benefit the manufacturing upstream.
The company’s performance is highly correlated with the volatility of automobile, household and electricity production. The BMW Group responded positively to the country’s “urge to develop a programme of action to reach carbon emissions by 2030,” supporting a rule-based approach.
“To achieve a peak in carbon dioxide emissions by 2023, and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.”
Figure 8: China’s BMW emissions reduction target. As a major member of China’s BMW Group, BMW shares not only carry out major production tasks, save energy and reduce emissions and implement the concept of real sustainable development.
3. Corporate carbon neutrality and means of realization 3.1. Macro-policies: compressed production + carbon emission quota Steel industry is an important area of carbon emissions and low-carbon emission reductions in the steel sector are critical to achieving the country's carbon peak
There are two main types of low-carbon emission reduction policies in the iron and steel sector: first, compressed steel production. The Ministry of Trade and Finance has requested “further promotion of pressure reduction in steel production, gradual establishment of a stock restraint mechanism based on carbon emissions, pollutants emissions, energy consumption, and development of a programme of work.”
To ensure full compliance with the same reduction in iron and steel production by 2021.” On this basis, we assume that low-emission, low-energy-consuming enterprises will be subject to more liberal steel production restrictions.
In the carbon trading market, limits on CO2 emissions. Under the historical strength limit allocation method applied in the iron and steel industry, a continuous reduction in product energy consumption and carbon emissions by steel companies, subject to a certain allocation limit, would result in more liberal steel production limits for companies.
As can be seen from the above-mentioned policy events, whether production cuts or quotas, iron and steel companies are linked to their own carbon emissions, pollutants emissions, total energy consumption, etc., so we assume that in the future low-carbon emission reductions in the iron and steel industry, environmentally sound steel companies with lower energy consumption and lower emissions will grow well in a well-regulated environment.
3.2. Treasure steel share technology route: technological innovation opens up the industry's low-carbon development path; Treasure steel shares are managed with carbon reduction as a source of “nose nose”, scientific planning for carbon peaks and carbon reduction action programmes, with a strong push for green layout, optimization of structures, energy efficiency, breakthrough low-carbon applications for research and development, and construction of circular economic industries
In order to achieve the carbon reduction target as soon as possible, China’s BMW will continue to step up its efforts. Figure 9: China’s BMW Group’s emission reduction path will improve production effectiveness in the future.
Metallurgical processes are upgraded, new hydrogen metallurgy is replaced by carbon metallurgy, and the product itself is greener.
Create a global coalition of low-carbon metallurgical innovation to build the world's economy.
To develop a global platform for the exchange of low-carbon metallurgical innovation; to establish an open model of research and development for forward-looking, subversive and breakthrough innovation in the steel industry; to build a new pilot base for global low-carbon metallurgical innovation; to promote technical cooperation in the steel upstream and downstream industrial chain; and to promote the sustainable development of the steel industry.
To achieve the highest carbon efficiency with intelligence and precision. To break spatial and temporal boundaries, manage borders, promote the interconnectivity and sharing of processes, achieve efficient use of resource energy, and provide a greener and better quality steel and related new materials to society.
Figure 10: China’s BMW Group’s intelligent production route optimizes the energy structure and increases the input of energy-efficient and environmentally friendly technologies. Increasing the share of clean energy sources, such as natural gas, and the use of renewable energy sources, such as large solar, wind and biomass energy, and the deployment of hydrogen energy industries to boost the energy structure
Clean low-carbonization; increasing the thermal efficiency of kilns, deep residual recovery potential, energy conversion and utilization efficiency, significantly reducing energy consumption intensity and controlling total energy consumption; developing a full-scale carbon reduction awareness. Promoting low-carbon livelihood for all employees, encouraging green mobility, CD-ROM operations, etc.
Low-carbon actions such as waste classification, afforestation, videoconferencing, etc. 4. Treasure steel shares: fully beneficial carbon neutral, industry champions persistently strong 4.1. Steel industry emissions: large volume, slow increase
According to bp, China released 9.83 billion tons of CO2 in 2019, accounting for about 29 per cent of global CO2 emissions. In 2000-2019, our country and global carbon dioxide emissions increased at an annual compound rate of 5.8 per cent, 1.9 per cent, and figure 12: CO2 emissions grew faster (in millions).
In 2018, China ' s largest carbon emissions continued to be in the electricity, oil, steel, cement, gas sectors, accounting for 43% of total carbon emissions, 15%, 10%, 7%, and 5%, respectively. As environmental policies tightened, CO2 emissions in the steel industry slowed down.
Carbon dioxide emissions amounted to 1.88 billion tons, a compound increase of 9 per cent in 2000-2018, but a recovery rate of only 1.3 per cent in 2013-2018; tons of steel emissions also fell from 3 tons in 2000 to 2 tons in 2018.
4.2. Treasure steel shares: Intra-industry environmental poles, the company will benefit fully from carbon neutralization in a broader context 1) are at the forefront of low-carbon technologies. To help reduce carbon emissions, the company follows closely the front lines of low-carbon processes in the steel industry.
A large number of advanced techniques, such as intensive heat transfer, low-grade residual recycling, fluid system optimization, and energy conservation in industrial kilns, have been used to enhance the development of green products and to ensure the steady development of new energy sources and low-carbon fuel applications by companies. Table 3: Corporate green technology applications
(a) The stage of processing of parts and components of automobiles, the stage of production of gasoline (from oil wells to the completion of production of gasoline), the life cycle of motor vehicles and the phase of scrap recovery and recycling of scrap steel.
Applying management methods for the full life-cycle evaluation of steel products, companies actively develop “environmentally friendly products” represented by highly powerful steel, electric steel, coated plating products and high-tolerance products, reducing the use of steel by downstream users, extending the useful life of steel and increasing the efficiency of the use of social resources.
The company actively participated in the Shanghai Municipal Government ' s pilot carbon emissions trading project, introducing the Treasure Steel Stock Carbon Asset Management Act, launching the Carbon Cost Accounting Data System project, and strengthening data management on carbon emissions. The company actively collaborates on basic work such as preparing data for the national carbon market. In 2019, the company completed its carbon emissions quota compliance clearance on schedule.
2) In 2019, according to the company announcement, the cost and capitalization costs of the company ' s environmental inputs were $638.5 million and $4.330 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 0.39 per cent and 89.66 per cent, respectively.
Companies adhere to the principles of low-cost compliance and sound carbon asset management for non-profit purposes in carbon trading, successfully completing their compliance in 2019 by purchasing the entire remaining carbon quota of stainless steel companies, inviting them to buy ccer in full and selling part of the quota in the secondary market, and the full cost of carbon and contribution payments has been offset by the proceeds from the sale of the quota.
The Division ' s report reveals that the carbon dioxide emissions from the Bosan base in steel decreased by 10% from 2014 to 2018 and that the environmental performance was significant. 3) The company has a significant advantage in size, with ton steel leading the business. The company ' s net profit in steel has long been higher than that of comparable companies, with the company ' s net gain in steel in 2019 reaching $265.
According to Chen Deok-hyeong, the chairman of the BMW Group, the company’s parent company, the BMW Group, which produced 115 million tons of steel in 2020, or 10.9% of the country’s total production, became China’s first steel group to produce hundreds of millions of tons a year, the world’s largest steel producer.
China’s BMW Group has been shifting from business to capital. China’s steel sector consists mainly of two series of carbon steel and stainless steel, consisting of carbon steel-plated steel shares, horse and steel groups, eight steels, iron and steel, iron and steel, steel and steel, and stainless steel-plated-plate-plated steel groups. By the end of 2020, the BMW Group was formed.
Having 115 million tons of steel production capacity, which is industry-led; and having a scarce resource attribute in supply-restricted situations. 5. Profit predictions, valuations and investment proposals, our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
1) Downstream cars, home appliances are sold back and there will be supply shortages and price increases in the year 2020 - 2022; companies will benefit first as car boards and home panels; 2) Carbon emission policies are tightened and supply in the steel sector is reduced.
We believe that the iron and steel industry will not be able to generate new production capacity in the future, even if it is expected to shut down and phase out backward production capacity. Environmental policies have become more stringent, and companies are expected to benefit fully as industry environmental poles; companies are mostly downstream as industrial consumer goods.
The manufacturing industry will benefit fully; the company ' s 2021/2022 valuation is below the comparable corporate average, and we believe 1) downstream cars, home electricity, and heat are not as good as expected. In the case of cars, according to the Sino-Air Association, car prices are still not stable, and more than 40% of cars are sold at lower prices.
\checkmark’s price increase is less than 20%, which means that the current growth is due to price swaps by distributors. Thus, in terms of overall demand, the additional demand for real estate remains the main demand for domestic electricity.
House sales have fallen, medium-term completion has fallen short of expectations, and the demand for electricity for households will be affected; there are repeated overseas epidemics, and the fall in overseas orders will have a greater impact on home electricity exports. Iron ore prices have fallen since August 2020, but the overall operation is high, not excluding subsequent iron ore.
An important assumption analysed here is that environmental policy is compressing steel supply in a carbon neutral and broader context. If environmental policy is not tightened as expected, it will supply the entire industry.
The need pattern adversely affects the company’s ability to fully benefit from its status as a champion of environmental protection, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.