On 16 January 2024, the company focused on the international leading production enterprises in shoe-shoe manufacturing.
Leisure shoes and the design, production and sale of outdoor boots, sports sandals, sandals, and other related products. As a deep-farming enterprise, the core client group of the group is mainly global-renowned enterprises such as Nike, vf, deeckers, Puma and the year, the revenue has increased from $12,388 million to $20,569 million, the net profit from the mother has increased from $1,532 million to $3,228 million, four years.
Sports footwear manufacturing industry: strong demand and trend towards specialization. 1) Current market situation: wide market space for sneakers \triangleright US$ 39,5.7 billion in \triangleright, with a period of 4.5% cagr, which is higher than the global market size of the footwear industry, cagr 1.7% of global sneakers.
The concentration of the apparel market has increased year by year, from 27.8 per cent in 2014 to 31.2 per cent in 2023, and from 32.9 per cent to 39.0 per cent for Cr10. 2) The business model: branding is separate from manufacturing, with a clear trend towards specialization.
With the specialization of industry chains, major shoe-branding companies such as Nike, Adidas, vf,underarmour, Puma, Columbia, deeckers s010521100099, and leading global shoe-shoe manufacturing firms such as the Toyota Enterprise, etc., are the models.
This model of development has also been adopted by the Wally Group in recent years. The tendency of the head enterprise to implement the strategy of the elite vessel, Jane, and to develop long-term and stable cooperation with high-quality suppliers is a further indication of the strong branding of the head.
S-10052208003 client sticky. 3) Trends: move from incremental to specialized division of labour. In the long run, industry growth continues upwards, with short-term inventory progress. From the point of view of shoe-shoe manufacturing enterprises, sports brands.
The market share of upstream suppliers is more focused, and branders are closely linked to suppliers. Core competitiveness: high production R & D capacity, expansion of capacity and unit price increases provide an increase. 1) Management teams are experienced and production R & D capacity are prominent.
The company has a well-developed supply chain system, excellent development design capabilities, mature production processes and skilled producers, and the delivery rate has remained at industry lead, while the product qualification rate has been high and the customer satisfaction industry has been ahead. 2) Performance layouts are reasonable and cost advantages are evident in scale. The costs of the company ' s scale-down are reflected in large-scale procurement, scalding production and production.
On the one hand, the company ' s Māori ratio is relatively stable in terms of control of production costs. On the other hand, the company ' s time cost control capacity is strong, and there is a marked trend in the spread of sales and management rates. 3) Clients 2. Wally Group (300979.sz) reports three quarters of 2022.
The structure is both stable and diversified. Companies adopt a high-quality, large customer strategy, and the market share of major clients is mostly well-received: the top 10 in the world waiting for a new demand for sports shoes, with long-standing and stable partnerships with major clients; and active outreach to new clients, with a rapid increase in brand names.
In terms of volume growth, there is still room for growth in the global market for sneakers, industry concentration: endogenous growth offsets external disturbances, order output is good, and the trend is expected to capture a greater share of the market; active expansion increases the share of old customers' orders to meet the increase in new customers' orders; and productivity gains.
At a higher level of use, the positive expansion of production capacity as clients order increases. From a price-enhancing perspective, the company uses a more customer-oriented 4. Wally Group (300979.sz) dynamic assessment report: production strategies and product-focused strategies for jogging and leisure activities, optimized company product and customer structure, high unit cost performance.
It is hoped that the market for more head branded high-end sneakers will be opened in the future, and that the increase in unit prices will be further boosted. The volume-driven increase in the Māori ratio is expected to reduce efficiency gains further under scalding production.
\triangleright \triangleright 1 company profile: the world's leading professional manufacturer of sneakers
1.1 Business description: International leading production firms focused on shoe-shoe manufacturing. Wally Group, established on 2 September 2004, focused on sports and leisure shoes and on the design, development and production of outdoor boots, sports sandals/trailers and other related products.
The core client groups of the group, as well as those plowing in footwear, are mainly global-renowned firms, such as Nike, vf, deeckers, puma, and columbia. In recent years, the company’s operating income and net return profits have been growing faster, rising from $1238.8 million in 2018-2022.
Sports and leisure shoes are the main product, tied to a large core customer, and sold mainly to the United States market. For one product, sports and leisure shoes dominate the revenue of the Wallies Group. From 2018 to 2018, sports and leisure shoes, in the area of 2, the company's operations are based on global international trade, with major customers selling more than one product.
For three-point client categories, the core customers of the Wally Group include globally recognized businesses such as nike, vf, deeckers, puma, and columbia, which are relatively concentrated. The main production bases of the Nike group, which accounts for the company’s revenues, are in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, and Indonesia.
The finished shoe factory is located mainly in Viet Nam, and there are small factories in Dominica and Myanmar. Between 2018 and 2020h1, Viet Nam ' s total production accounted for more than 90% of the company ' s total production. In 2021, in order to further expand its capacity, the company intends to invest $3.38 billion in net capital raised on the market for project construction, of which $407 million will be spent on the production of Vietnamese shoes.
In addition to the base expansion project of $532 million for the Myanmar Shicheon Shoe Base (which is expected to reach its intended operational status by the end of 23 years), which was originally a 35 million pairs of knitted shoes produced annually by Sinoshan Tosung, the second phase of the Indonesian Shoe Base construction project is expected to reach its intended operational status by the end of 26 years.
Sichuan, Myanmar (the company announcement is expected to be ready for use by the end of 23 years) Indonesia, Shicheon, Woo-Shin, Indonesia; 1st plant in Indonesia (the company announcement is expected to be ready by the end of 24 years), 2nd plant in Indonesia (the company announcement is expected to be ready by the end of 26 years)
The production of shoes is mainly centred around sulfurized shoes and cold sticky shoes, with different production plants focusing on matching brands. In 2005, the establishment of the company’s business chain was marked by a shift strategy, followed by increased investment by the group in the shoe factory in the Vietnamese region, and in 2017, the formation of the China-Sunsung Star further reinforced the Wally Group’s efforts to weave shoes.
Professional manufacturing capacity in the area of face makes the group one of the few shoe-making plants that own whole business chains, such as soles, molds, and knitting shoes. In addition, production subsidiaries have different brands. At present, Hong Kong, Viet Nam, is a nationalist factory and has a nike development centre, and Hongfu, Viet Nam, provides production mainly for Puma, and Hong Kong, Viet Nam, provides production.
Hin, Yong-hoon, Lichuan, Viet Nam, Hokaoneone, Conversation, vans.
Customer demand orders have grown, adding up the company’s capacity to produce and sell, leading to higher levels of corporate output. Millions of pairs have increased to 221 million, compared to 7.9% in four years, with the epidemic affecting companies’ output and sales at their lowest levels in nearly five years, with the impact of the epidemic being lifted, the company’s operational capacity gradually recovering, and production and sales steadily increasing.
1.2 Equity structure: Corporate equity structure is concentrated, subsidiaries are clearly divided, family enterprises are highly concentrated. The company actually controls the family of Zhang Zhenbuchi. Chairman Zhang and Minister Zhou Mei-moon are married, Vice-President Zhang Chi-bong, Director and Deputy General Manager Zhang Wen-Hin, Director and Deputy General Manager Zhang
As of 23 q3, the co-operators held 84.85% and 2.63% of the shares of the company through Junyo and Nakayama in Hong Kong, and the five members of the Man in charge together held 87.48% of the share in the Wally Group.
Figure 1: Wally Group equity structure (up to the end of 23q3) Core management is experienced and has worked for years in the shoe-shoe manufacturing industry. Corporate core management teams are stable, have extensive industry experience, have a well-developed internal enterprise management system, and operate management systems are regulated and efficient.
The core management has extensive professional experience and experience in production management in the shoe-shoe manufacturing industry. The chairman of the board, Mr. Zhang Seok-yun, has more than 50 years of experience in shoe-shoe manufacturing in areas related to brand trade, freight forwarders, shoe factory, etc. Mr. Zhang Chi-bang, Vice-chairman, Mr. Zhang Yo-wei, and so on, served as director and deputy general manager of various subsidiaries of the Wally Group.
Positions, management experience; Deputy Chairman, Deputy Managing Director, Seo Kyung-soo, and Director, Liu Myong-hsung, Lin and others, who have served in the company for many years, have a great deal of production and research experience. The division of labour between parent and subsidiary companies is clear, and the management model is efficient. As of 23h1, there were 57 holding shares in the company.
A subsidiary, including 5 domestic subsidiaries, 21 Chinese Hong Kong subsidiaries, 24 Vietnamese subsidiaries, 2 Chinese Taiwan subsidiaries, 1 Dominican subsidiary, 1 Myanmar subsidiary, and 3 Indonesian sub-directorates. The company was set up as a centre for management and development design, with Hong Kong, China, and Hong Kong, China, as a trading centre.
Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, Dominica are the centres of processing manufacturing.” In this case, the parent company is responsible for overall control of the + shoes; in China, China is located mainly in the development of design centres and sample production; in Hong Kong, China, the trading subsidiaries are located in China, but only in China, where the two companies are in China; and in the production world, the producers are
The Department is mainly located in Viet Nam, China, and Dominica, and Indonesia. 1.3 Re-opening of companies: operating income is growing steadily and cost controls are well under way.
From Taiwan to China to mainland China, to North Vietnam to invest in the construction of plants, the production and distribution of capacity have improved, with operations spread across a large number of countries and regions, with greater operational resilience and stability. 1995-2003: period of company start-up and business expansion. In 1995, the company worked with Converse.
In 2001, it began working with the ug to expand the scope of its international brand; in 2003, with the rapid growth of Converse, the company’s sulfide shoes increased rapidly and became the leader of the manufacturer of the sulfide shoes.
2004-2016: Business chain improvement and expansion of production capacity. In 2004, in cooperation with vans, a model factory was set up to gradually improve the shoe chain; in 2005, a business chain transfer strategy was established in Henchuan, Viet Nam.
The gradual transfer of shoe-making plants to Viet Nam; the establishment of Bonwei, Viet Nam, in 2006; the establishment of Shanghai, Viet Nam, as a vans dictatorship factory, in 2008, and the inauguration of Viet Nam; the establishment of Shije, Nakayama, as the start-up centre and management headquarters of the group, in 2009; and the establishment, in 2010, of several factories in Viet Nam, such as Hong Mei, Hong Kong, Viet Nam, and others, the group, in Viet Nam.
In Viet Nam, manufacturing bases expanded rapidly; in 2011, cooperation with hokaoneone began; in 2012, with Nike, Hirobang, Viet Nam, became an authoritarian nike factory with the establishment of a nike development centre; in 2013, with Puma; in 2014, with investment in Dominican factories; and in 2016, with delivery reaching 100 million pairs.
During this period, the Wally Group accelerated the pace of global expansion, defining its strategy for the transfer of business chains, focusing on the expansion of its shoe factory in Viet Nam, the establishment of overseas factories to upgrade production capacity, and cooperation with more international brands in order to diversify operations. 2017 to date: Business transformation and capacity breakthrough. 2017, Establishment of a shoe-leaving professional manufacturing plant.
The group became one of the few shoe-making plants that also owned entire business chains, such as soles, molds and knitting shoes; in 2018, it started working withunderarmour; in 2019, the volume of shipments was 180 million pairs; and in 2021, the Wally Group was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s business board and achieved a breakthrough of 200 million pairs.
During this phase, the Wally Group continued to expand its global production base and brand collaboration network, making significant advances in technological innovation, such as investing in the Vr design system and 3d printing equipment, and strengthening global leaders in the manufacture of sneakers. Corporate business income grew steadily, and net return profits grew faster.
The establishment of Sino-Sano Teng, which has expanded its business of knitting shoes, and continued cooperation with a number of major international brands, with a steady and increasing volume of production and exports. In 2021, corporate revenues were +25.40 per cent for the same year, net profit returns were +47.34 per cent for the same year, mainly due to strong global demand for footwear consumption and companies actively promoting cooperation with new brands in order to achieve output;
In 2022, there was a steady increase in end demand, with 22h2 reducing stocks by adjusting manufacturers’ stocks, which had a partial impact on corporate orders, with a sustained upturn in corporate revenue in 2022 compared to the Māori and net interest rates. As companies continued to expand their global production bases and brands,
It is mainly the firm that maintains a deep and stable partnership with multi-brands, while being affected by scale effects, management costs, partnerships and low sales costs, which have been below 1.5 per cent in recent years; and the progress made with corporate technological innovation, such as investment in vr design systems and 3d printing equipment, which sustains a steady increase in R & D costs;
Financial costs are negative, indicating good cash management by the company. Corporate operations as a whole remain good. 2017 - 2023q1 - q3 The turnover of the company's inventory and accounts receivable is maintained in stable areas, and the turnover of the company's inventory is maintained almost five times and the rate of accounts receivable is maintained.
The net profit as a whole continued to rise, with a net upward trend compared to the overall upward trend.2 The manufacturing industry of sneakers: strong demand, trend towards specialization, 2.1 market status: large market space for sneakers and higher brand concentration
In 2009-2023, the global market for sneakers rose steadily. As consumer health awareness increased, sports participation increased, and the consumption of sneakers increased; the development of emerging sports markets such as outdoors, ice and snow, led to an increase in demand for a breakdown of sneakers.
The market size of footwear increased from $213.8 billion in 2009 to $39.57 billion in 2023, with a period of capr reaching 4.5 per cent, which is 1.7 per cent higher than the market size of the global footwear industry.
In 2014-2022, the main share of the global market for moving shoes was held by prominent enterprises such as nike, adidas, puma, and skechers, with a steady increase in the market share of nike, from 13.8 per cent in 2014 to 15.8 per cent in 2023.
2.2 Business model: branding is separate from manufacturing and there is a clear trend towards specialization. The sports shoe performance business model is characterized by three main types of business model. 1) Branding and manufacturing are separate modes: branding is primarily responsible for branding, product design and marketing.
The manufacturer focuses on product development, design and manufacturing, providing material selection, performance and pricing advice to ensure product quality and stable delivery. 2) Branding and manufacturing as one model: the firms under this model are both responsible for branding and product design.
The brands have greater control over the quality of the product and are able to manage the production process and costs more directly.
His product lines take the form of outsourcing. For example, stepping-up sports, special steps, and, mainly, branding and making one-size-fits-all birds and Van Rimma, will also partially outsource some of the shoe-fixing operations.
Camp-manufacturing models allow branders to concentrate on branding and market promotion, and brand control, while multiple suppliers are selected for production in the manufacturing chain. With the professional division of the global shoe-steering industry, nike, adidas, vf,underarmour, puma, columbia, deeckers
This model is represented by major shoe-branding companies, as well as by the world’s leading sports-shoe-making enterprises, the Xujin Group, and the Fontai Group, which have been developing in recent years. There is a clear trend toward a professional division of the chains of the sneakers industry, with the model of branding and manufacturing separation becoming the mainstream model.
The sports shoe-shoe production process contains more than 180 detailed production processes, covering multiple stages from raw material processing to final product completion. These processes include steps in the manufacture of footwear such as raw materials processing, cutting, stamping, and needle cars, as well as the preparation of pads and base fittings, tailoring and grinding processes.
The bottom and bottom steps. When all these parts are ready, the final product will need to be produced through subsequent sequenced production processes such as glue, drying, cooling or vulcanization. This series of steps requires rigorous quality control and time management to ensure that the final product meets brand standards and market demands.
The maximum efficiency can be achieved by selecting the best-quality manufacturing partner. Figure 10: Flowcharts for the production of sneakers. Head brands are stringent for the screening process for manufacturing suppliers.
Capacity, performance verification, quality control, assessment of delivery and cost-control efficiency, knowledge of manufacturers ' supply chain management,