• “buy-in” rating maintained by leading domestic software and corporate cloud service providers on 05/01/2021
The company faces a new historical opportunity in terms of intellectualization, nationalization, and globalization, and is expected to develop rapidly, and we continue to look forward to the growth prospects of the company. Keep projecting the forecast of its net return profits for 2020-2022 is 8.55, 10.80, double, and keep the “buy-in” rating.
Mr. Wang Wen King, Chairman of the Board, is also the President of the Corporation and will be instrumental in better resource mobilization and focus on cloud transformation strategies The company issued a public announcement in which it decided to appoint Mr. Wang Wen King, Chairman of the Board, to serve as President of the Corporation until 2022.
Mr. Wang Wenjing is the founder of the company and has a very deep understanding of the business services industry, and a very good sense of ownership of the direction of the company and of the key strategies. Mr. Wang Wenking is also the president of the department, and it is in the interest of the company to better pool its resources to capture national production, digital intelligence, internationalization, etc.
A historic opportunity to focus on cloud transformation strategies, increase investment in research and development, and improve product capacity. • Develop $5.298 billion in additional funding, and continuously increase investment in research and development of yombip, a business innovation platform for friends. – A company proposes to raise $5.298 billion in private shares, mainly to yombip, a business innovation platform for friends.
Construction projects (4,597 million), three projects for the construction of research and development centres using friendly industrial parks (Nanchon) ($628 million), replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans ($7,34.51 million). yonbip is a digital platform for long-form, large-scale and mega-enterprises in the digital economy that will be effectively supported and supported by the construction of yonbip.
Operating client business innovation (business innovation, management innovation), enabling companies to achieve hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue and become strategic targets for global leaders in corporate cloud service providers. • A combination of intellectualization, nationalization, internationalization of triple opportunities, and promising medium- and long-term development prospects
The combined growth rate of 70 per cent in cloud revenues rose to 66.9 per cent, and we believe that the epidemic or the impact of short-term income increases, but the company ' s development objectives have not been adjusted to show that the company has sufficient confidence in future development.