President of the Board of Directors and President of the Consolidated Resource Focus Enterprise Internet track incident: 05/01/2021: 05 January: company issued a public announcement to change the president of the company and company board of directors appointed to the board of directors
Wang Wen King is also the president of the company and Mr. Chen is appointed to another position.  Chairman is also the president and focuses on the corporate Internet track: there are two major historical opportunities for users: the erp nationalization, especially the national company, to meet the national production window period in the next two years; and the second is that
The Internet is a multi-billion-grade track, which differs significantly from the traditional b-products, and requires a high degree of coordination between the various sectors within the company, external customers, and industry's ecology. Mr. Wang Wenking is the Internet.
Proponents of the idea understand this well, and at the same time can better coordinate internal and external resources, and enhance corporate cohesion and enforcement. This adjustment highlights the firm’s determination and confidence to focus on the company’s Internet track.
The Internet enabling tool is an end-to-end platform that connects enterprises up and down, rather than simply rewrite the expanded erp using technologies such as cloud logs, micro-services architecture. On the bip, a uniform number is used to generate home-grown and commodity-based data from the center, thus enabling the formation and consolidation of enterprise-wide accounts.
A uniform graphic label would further achieve consistency and proactive delivery of upstream and downstream information; the Bip unified business hub would also ensure the generality and generality of the bip platform. The bip would not only bring in incremental software service space and business model saasization, but could also cut into an enterprise's purchasing sales ring.
To expand value-added services, smart services, and share data across the entire industry chain, the space far exceeds the cost of software saasization.
Deployment), Paas platform (mix cloud), yonbip platform (outside industry chain management, public cloud deployment) integration and connectivity. With the help of the U.S. Treasury and cloudization, cloud operations are expected to remain at 70% compound growth for the next two years.
The development of yonbip, a core concept, has developed an ecological partnership that serves more than 10 million business clients, brings together more than 100,000 businesses, connects more than 100 million people, and brings in hundreds of billions of dollars, 1, Friends Network (600588), cloud industry.
The return to high growth in income-generating activities is 166-112-77 times higher than in the entire year. Compared to the valuation of more than 20 cloud companies in the US, the income is more than 20 times higher.
The increase in indebtedness and the boom in large firms is a central factor affecting ps. Statistics show that at 95% of the confidence level, psg falls to 0.5 - 30 billion in traditional software business, and the lower limit for corporate valuation can be 23.23 billion in the case of segment valuations.
At the level of industry to the level of society, the addition code innovation corresponds to an overall ps of 21, taking into account the high growth of the company's cloud business, relative to the current a share of other clouds, the cloud platform yonbip construction 2020-07-
There is no premium for companies and Hong Kong Stock Fluttershy International.