Cloud transformation takes another layer, yombep leads the new era of Internet in the industry -- the 2020 approximation of the Friends Network report increased net profit by 33.50 per cent in 2020 and the quality of business improved simultaneously.
The company published its 2020 report: 8.25 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 0.18 per cent over the year; the net cash flow from operating activities was 1,613 million yuan, as a result of factors such as a decrease in the return of investment revenues, which represented a net profit of 989 million yuan, a decline of 16.43 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of 904 million yuan over the same period.
With 5.2% growth compared to the previous year, the income level is steady and the quality of the business continues to improve simultaneously. • The share of R & D inputs increased by 0.3 pct compared to the same amount, with the release of yombip entering the 3.0-ii phase. The Division issues yonbip, officially entering the 3.0-ii strategy phase, with cloud services rising from the product service model.
To the platform service mode, to the blue sea for the sail industry. The company speeds up the development of the uiup platform and publishes products such as the low-generation code development platform yonbuilder, the connection platform yonlinker, the aiot smarts networking platform, the smartsi enterprise brain. Face the growth business: the company publishes a new version of yonsuite, all of which is innovative.
A year’s minimum/highest: A new business online model.
• Cloud services revenue rose to 40.1 per cent, China’s Saas leadership position The company’s cloud business was strategically accelerated in 2020, with revenues from cloud services (excluding financial clouds) amounting to 3,422 million yuan, and cloud services operations were classified as follows: large and medium-sized enterprises earned 2,726 million yuan, an increase of 67.9 per cent over the same period; and micro-enterprises increased by 67.9 per cent.
The business income was $241 million, an increase of 65.2 per cent over the same period; the government and other revenue was $456 million, an increase of 127.2 per cent over the same year. According to the Said consultant, the company, in the first place in the Chinese Saas market, entered the “Ten Top Enterprises in the 2020 Saas Divisions” in the areas of erp, crm, hr, fiscal management, and bi breakdown.
• The rapid pace of environmental strategies and the continuous upgrading of the platform's strengths
More than 11,000 commodities, 2,000 business partners, and 110 technology platform partners. Companies publish 100 cloud-based eco-integrated products, which serve as the country’s leading online and underline integrated cloud ecosystem service platform.
"Backfalls are basically the same, cloud business, ecological construction companies are constantly innovating, leading market change, yombip embraces the new era of industrial networking, and comes to the count of excellent performances" 2020-10-31.
Quarter-by-season loss and cloud service revenue continue to be high Quarter performance meets expectations, cloud service income rises from year to year Quarter report significant profits and cloud service business revenue increases
Overperformance, Rapid Growth in Cloud Services Income