Short-term pressure on performance, accelerated strategy for cloud business development: South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: in 2020, companies achieved $852 million in operating income, a 0.2 per cent increase over the previous year; achieved a return
Net profit of 990 million yuan, a 16.4 per cent decrease; net profit of 900 million yuan, an increase of 33.5 per cent over the same period. Income end: due to the onset of the new crown epidemic, the company experienced a decline in its revenues in the first three quarters of the first quarter of the year, and a growth rate of 11.6 per cent in the q4 quarter of the same year, which slowed the growth of the company’s revenues throughout the year.
Cloud services continued to grow at a high rate, with the company services generating revenue of $3.42 billion, an increase of 73.7 per cent over the same period: software generating revenue of $4.04 billion.
The advance receipts amounted to $1.09 billion, an increase of 83.9 per cent compared with the beginning of the year. The cumulative number of clients paying for cloud services was 6.02 million, an increase of 17.5 per cent in the same year. 1) Large and medium-sized enterprises: the company’s large and medium-sized cloud services received yonsuite version 202009, with the release of low-code development platforms, yonbuilder, yonlinker, yonlinker,
Aiot smartness networking platform, the brain of a multistar enterprise, etc., created a model of “paas+saas+ecology” around yombip and set up a life-cycle service process for Isv. 2) Microenterprise sector: Little Insignia’s cloud service generated a revenue of $240 million, an increase of 65.2 per cent; smooth and easy accounting, good accounting and good accounting.
(c) Government and other public organizations continue to invest more in core financial services and continue to promote finance, livelihood and financial security, and credit creation.
Friends Network (600588), short-term pressure on performance, upscaling. The government and other public organizations achieved $460 million in cloud services, an increase of 127.2% from the same year.
Using Friends Network (600588), short-term performance pressure, the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a compound growth rate of 19%. Given the strategic acceleration of corporate cloud business development, we give the company 30 times the size of its traditional software business in 2021 and 19 times the size of its cloud-based business.
Assumption 1: Accompanied by the domestic economy and accelerated cloud transformation, the company’s traditional business will be affected somewhat, and the software industry will grow less rapidly. We expect that in 2021-2023, the company’s share of revenue from its traditional software business will decline year by year.
Eco-strategic layouts, and co-operation with Chinese giants, are expected to continue with high growth in cloud operations, driven by synergies. Let's assume that: Financial operations consist mainly of bill payments and p2p finance operations. Under the influence of domestic policies on p2p finance regulation, there has been a decline in financial operations in previous years, and policies are expected to remain strongly regulated in the future.
Given the steady growth in corporate revenue, we expect little change in the share of financial operations. On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the company’s sub-operational income for 2021-2023, as follows:
We have selected four mainstream comparable companies, which currently averaged 33 times the ps (ttm) and 101 times the average pe in 2021. Given the acceleration of corporate cloud development strategies, cloud transformation is expected to accelerate over the next few years, and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.