The company announced on March 6 that it plans to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange, and to consider the adoption of the program within six months.
Large premium buybacks are a sign of confidence in corporate development, and we believe that this buyback has a number of features that highlight the company's growth in its own business and share prices.
Repurchase reflects the firm's confidence in its own business development. 2) Repurchase price premiums are high. The duration of the share is six months after the review of the programme, with a maximum of 12 months, the company continues to invest more in research and development, and yombip strategic-level products continue to move forward.
The company had previously disclosed on the official CVP the recruitment plan for 2021, with an overall increase of 2,500, or more than 10% over the end of the previous year, focusing on the continuous research and development of R & D and cloud services operators, yonbip. We believe that yonbip is a landmark strategic-level product.
yombip has a technology center, data center, intelligence center, and business center, which supports the financial cloud, the human cloud, the synergizing cloud, the marketing cloud, the procurement of clouds, the making of clouds, the supply chain cloud, the production of clouds, the production of clouds.
Financial clouds are eight major areas. At the same time, the low-code development platform at the bottom of lonbip and the integrated connectivity platform apilink can connect businesses and industries assv, helping friends work with partners to serve their clients and build industrial ecology.
On the evening of 9 February, the company announced that it intended to use the RMB 283 million to invest in Shanghai, and that it would compute 56,57% of the shares of the company. When the deal was completed, the company held a large cloud.
“Waaan Securities _ Research _ Computer Industry _ Depth _ 84.74% of equity. Big Leung is a reporting friend network with business-recruited operations and management services as its core business: Corporate Clouds for New Blue Sea, Business
We believe that, by acquiring the big cloud, the company is expected to further improve the product system of the yombep Innovation Platform for Shaping the Future 2020-08-25. Human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of business, and the human cloud is a friend business.
One of the core areas of the innovation platform (yonbip) is the Huaan Securities_System Research_Computer Industry.
Technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing, etc., to further create a powerful and intelligent cloud recruitment strategy 2020-08-31 and yombep ' s overall human cloud service, which provides clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services.
3. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Review _ Help Clients improve recruitment efficiency, enhance talent supply chain management and better serve business talent development”, Report _ Friends Network: q3 Clouds Up Speed, Cloud Priority
Business innovation and management change to make successful clients. We see this acquisition as a useful attempt by companies to build clouds, a strategy to sustain the 2020-11-02 eco, and the prospect of a sustained expansion of cloud services through endogenous development and extended M&As in the future.
We continue to look at the evolution of companies into corporate-level cloud service providers and business innovation platform providers. 1) The spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity, and demand for orders.
2) The IT industry has not moved as fast as expected; 3) the policy has slowed down in firms and has not been as aggressive as expected; 4) the trade friction between China and the United States has increased.
Contact person: Shao Yung, Master ' s degree from Xiamen University, seven years of work experience in industry, Ni, Keysight, 5g, car network industry. Using information on legal compliance, the report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.