On January 4, 2021, the company issued an announcement, and on January 1, 2021, the chairman of the company, Mr. Wang Wenking, took the helm.
It is also the company ceo, Mr. Chen Qiang, who has been transferred to the post of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of a major subsidiary. In order to seize strategic opportunities for the development of corporate and public organization cloud services, the company will accelerate the use of the 3.0- strategy, enhance the efficient implementation of corporate strategic decisions, and accelerate the strategic development of important affiliates.
Mr. Wang Wen-kyung, Chairman of the Board, has re-established his position as President of the Corporation to further pursue the cloud transformation strategy. Mr. Wang Wen-kyung is not only Chairman of the Corporation, but also the founder and actual controller of the Corporation, with a cumulative share of about 39%, and has led the Corporation for innovation and development in the field of corporate and public organization informatization for 30 years, during the 3.0-year period.
q3 Accelerated Recovery, Cloud Operations Orders - Using Friends to promote rapid corporate growth in software, cloud operations, and financial operations. The company states that it will face greater market opportunities and a better industrial development environment in 2021.
The Triple Effort-Treatment Network will continue to pursue its strategy of 3.0-11 in a determined manner, taking advantage of the historic opportunities of intellectualization, nationalization and globalization.
3. Deepening Cloud Transformation - Applied Friends Network Coverage Report, which continues to scale up product research and development and accelerate ecological development. The company plans to increase the share of research and development staff over the next three years.
yombip uses the model of “Big Centre + Small Front” to extract the business into a public component and sequester it in the middle of the business and in the middle of the data and open it to company service eco-partners.
The application of innovation and continuous development in the industry also contributes to the overall competitiveness of the industry and the realization of corporate cloud services, maintaining a well-established management approach to cadre formation and rejuvenation. Rotation remains an important management tool for the company, and Mr. Chen’s transfer to the post of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of a major subsidiary is in line with the corporate talent management strategy.
The Division has indicated that it will continue to build cadres of professional struggles and comprehensive development. We believe that cadres of strategized, young, fully developed cadres will further strengthen organizational vitality and enhance transformational and managerial efficiency.
Unexpected policies in enterprises; increased competition in markets; low nationalization of high-end erp markets; then averaged final ratings as average market investment