After the transaction is completed, the company owns a deep-sea Hersaas market and the product is highly competitive.
Farming in the area of hrsaas, there is a variety of products. The Big Cloud is a service provider of Saas, whose core business is the operation and management services that are recruited by the enterprise. It is a pioneering combination of information technology, ai technology and human resources management, and promotes the efficiency of enterprise recruitment. The Big Cloud is managed by senior human resources.
Mr. Shin Kongzheng and Ms. Wang Yong, experts in science and information, were founded in 2004 in Shanghai, started in 2007 with a focus on corporate recruitment and led the saas model in the industry.
In recent years, it has been easy to apply a person to a company’s recruitment field.
A number of innovative services have been developed and launched, including the recruitment of guest-serving robots, the recruitment of call-out robots, the intellectual ability to interview robots, the analysis of smart resumes, the recommendation of smart resumes, etc., with a wider client base with over 90% subscription income and 85% renewal rates.
IYC has accumulated more than 700 service clients, such as Huayun, Glory Terminal, Employer Bank, Deloitte and Van Dare, who are leading firms in the industry, using easy smart cloud recruitment services. In 2020, IYC earned $6,248 million, of which Saas ' subscriptions earned more than 90% of the income of the main camp.
In addition, a company that imported customer success systems earlier in China’s business service providers has established a regulated customer service process to ensure that customers’ needs are responded to quickly and problems are resolved quickly. As a result, the rate of customer renewal for large-scale customers has reached 85% on the basis of product leadership and customer success systems.
According to idc ' s report on the second half of 2019 of China ' s publicly owned cloud-level software application saas market, the company ' s share in the market for hmsaas was ranked fourth in 2019.
Hrsaas markets are vast and in demand. In these times, business innovation and the speed with which people move are accelerating, and corporate recruitment is becoming increasingly demanding and controlling the quality, efficiency and cost of recruitment.
Friends of the Report Network: Business Clouds is serving the New Blue Sea, and business demands are increasing. Business recruitment and management are digital, intelligent, solutions to the innovation platform for shaping the future 2020-08-25.
2. The Hrsaas industry in China is increasingly popular with its clients.
Reporter network: Cloud operations continue to grow, and yombip is a new stage in its growth. The current market size of the market is around RMB 1 billion, while the strategy is published in 2020-08-31.
The Hrsaas market is vast, and the domestic market is projected to be 10 billion yuan in size, including domestic and foreign manufacturers such as workday, sap/accessfactors, oracle, and North Sen.
Therefore, we believe that the Hersaas market has wide scope and business needs, and is a network of friends of the saas report: q3 cloud operations at speed, cloud priorities, strategy for sustained progress 2020-11-02
The implementation of the corporate strategy in 2021 has reached the end-of-life 3.0-ii stage, and will continue to enhance the business model, accelerate the development of cloud services, and build and operate a global-led corporate cloud service platform. Human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of business.
By co-innovating with clients, companies have developed core manpower, pay, performance management, talent inventory, employee services, etc. As early as 2017, companies invested in large cloud computing companies as strategic investors.
By doing so, the company will become a controlling subsidiary of the company. The company is expected to further develop a powerful intelligence cloud through technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing, etc.
Recruitment and yonbip ' s overall human cloud services to provide clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services to help them improve recruitment effectiveness, enhance talent supply chain management, and better serve business talent Development, business innovation and management change to enable clients to succeed.
Accommodating the pace of M&As, developing eco-development with Soyuz Services, accelerating the pace of M&As, binding the acquired firms and using the corporate benefits of the group by setting additional clauses. This is a big buyout, and we believe that the firm is actively accelerating the pace of M&As.
It also confirms our earlier judgement that the company is expected to push the M & As process even harder after the CEO of the company. We believe that matching the corporate product matrix through acquisitions, especially with good partners in the industry, is a high-value option.
On the other hand, an additional clause has been introduced in the acquisition, whereby Big Lei will be required to purchase a friend's stock in a secondary market within three months of receiving a second purchase price, in a legally compliant manner, and spend not more than a third of the 12-month period. We believe that this additional clause further binds the Big Lei cloud.
With yonbip at its core, the cloud services ecology is gradually taking shape. We believe that the company has entered the strategic phase of 3.0-ii, and is not only at an erp software company, but also at a cloud saas.
The company is an eco-business-level cloud service provider. The company is expected to build an industrial ecology through a core platform of yombip that integrates the eight main areas of finance, supply chain, manpower, and technology, data, intelligence, and business, helping friends and friends to work together to serve their clients.
We continue to look at the evolution of companies into corporate-level cloud service providers and business innovation platform providers. 1) The spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity, and demand for orders.
2) The IT industry has not moved as fast as expected; 3) the policy has slowed down in firms and has not been as aggressive as expected; 4) the trade friction between China and the United States has increased.
Contact person: Shao Yung, Master ' s degree from Xiamen University, seven years of work experience in industry, Ni, Keysight, 5g, car network industry. Using information on legal compliance, the report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.