On February 10, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Friends Network issued a decision for 28,28,325 yuan in favour of the Government of the People's Republic of China.
When the deal was completed, the company held a stockholding of 84.74%, and the company became a controlling subsidiary. The company was the first manufacturer in the domestic recruitment field: the company operated under the company.
In the area of recruitment, it ranks below two. Since 2007, it has developed a cloud recruitment service that has served more than 700 customers from domestic and foreign firms, including Huayun, Glory Terminal, Hing Bank, Deloitte and Wanda.
The technology and business model of its products is based entirely on the public cloud-based subscription service model. In 2020, the Big Cloud earned $62.48 million, of which Saas contributed more than 90% of the income from its main business operations.
According to idc, China’s publicly owned cloud business class tracking report for the second half of 2019 on the software saas market, the company’s market share of the hmsaas factory was ranked fourth in 2019.
The easy-to-recruit service has developed in synergy with the friendly human resources service: once the deal is completed, the big Iyun will become an important component of the friendly human cloud service, expanding its ability to use it. The human cloud is one of the priority areas of the cloud service in the eight core areas of Yoonbip.
Through technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing, it will continue to harness the advantages of a system of successful client recruitment products and services, building stronger connections and synergies in the lonbip cloud service community, further developing a strong and smart cloud recruitment and an overall yombip workforce.
Services, which provide clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services, opening up wider market development space for recruitment and overall human cloud services.
3.0-ii. Accelerating the transition to cloud service platforms and service providers will continue to increase R & D investments in the future.
The Chief also serves as Managing Director, integrating resource-focused enterprises Successful experiences, ongoing strategic investment M&As, two-wheel drive strategic development of cloud services. M&As focus on two main application areas (finance and supply chain, hr) and four platform capabilities (technology, number)
Foreign acquisitions and organic integration will continue to strengthen the user community in these two areas, the Friends Network (600588), the cloud industry.
Recovering high growth in revenue, year-round income projections and investment ratings: given the rising pace of national production expectations, we're making a slight upturn.
It’s cloud companies and Hong Kong Stock Fluttershy International are in a position of discount. The advantage of friends in large businesses is clear, and the upcoming 2020-08-30 long-term leading industry, taking into account the fact that yombep platforms also have Internet properties and leadership status.
The company has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and has an investment advisory committee on securities.