On the evening of February 9th, the company published a report on the calculation of the shares of the licensed company, Taiyun, Shanghai.
Big Elevour is a service provider based on the operation and management services of the enterprise.
The main products and services are cloud recruitment management, cloud written tests, cloud reviews, recruitment of guest-service robots, smart call robots, smart interview robots, smart minds.
Three solutions are available for brain cloud services such as CV resolution, smart referral, and campus recruitment, talent referral, and employer branding. The technology and business model of the product is based exclusively on the public cloud-based subscription service model.
Over 90 per cent of income, $7.23 million net profit and $7.72 million net cash flow from operating activities.Synergy is evident, with companies hiring smart cloud services in depth, human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of enterprises, and the human cloud is a core area for friends yonbip.
One. After the transaction, the company will provide a deep-cut smart cloud recruitment service that will further enhance the recruitment of powerful smart cloud and yombep's overall human cloud service by integrating products, empowering channels and sharing customers, providing clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services, and helping clients to improve their recruitment effectiveness, and so on.
Strong talent supply chain management to better serve business talent development, business innovation and management change. After the transaction, the SMS Research-Friends Network (600588.sh) event took stock: the company will contribute to a rapid increase in revenue in the area of recruitment and to a higher market position in the area of recruitment.
The company proposes to yield 56,5665 per cent of its share of $28,28,325,000 to the Great Equator.
Quarterly reviews: negative growth is shrinking on a seasonal basis, cloud services are growing at an accelerated rate, rates of renewal, etc., taking into account the market position of the Big Cloud in the area of recruitment management systems and human resources solutions, and using cash flow methods and municipalities, taking into account similar market cases
The discount method is 502 million yuan and the market sales rate method is at the bottom of 525 million yuan, with a final price of 500 million yuan. In addition, the seller is required to purchase the company’s shares in the secondary market within three months of payment of the second purchase price, subject to legal compliance.
The total purchase price of this transaction is 50% of the tax amount contained in the Tax Certificate. Companies have been working for years in traditional business management software, and the industry is strong; cloud services is a strategic development.
In the direction of rapid growth and long-term, there is much room for future growth. The company is projected to grow twice as fast as it does in 2020-2022. The company is in a critical period of cloudization, with higher cost inputs such as R & D and low net profit margins.
Considering: the advantages of cloud services in a changing global technology industry, firm corporate push for cloud transformation and rapid growth in cloud services, ps valuation levels are expected to be maintained, and keeping the company on 18 times the new crown pneumonia epidemic in 2021 may slow the release of demand from downstream customers; cloud services transformation is not moving as fast as expected;
Research and development for new products has progressed less than expected: brain drain, etc., Figure 1: Users of Ps-band for the past five years, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.