The company issued a change of president announcement, which was considered and adopted by the company's eighth board of directors at its eleventh and third meetings, and decided to appoint its chairman, Mr. Wang Wen King, to serve as president of the company for the remainder of his term of office.
The date on which the company’s annual shareholders’ assembly in 2022 elected a new board of directors and appointed senior management of the company. Mr. Chen Xiang will no longer hold the post of president of the company and his job will be replaced.
We believe that President Wang, who is also President, is expected to assist companies to develop better and faster in three ways: 1) Increase investment in cloud business and streamline the product research and development system.
Business, management, market, etc., are the best in the domestic market for services at the enterprise level. At present, friends are faced with huge new opportunities in terms of company digitization, intelligence, and nationalization.
Product competitiveness is the backbone of corporate development. So President Wang, acting as President, is expected to lead companies to build consensus and investment in product R & D, streamline the R & D architecture and contribute to a further increase in the productivity of the public sector.
2) Increased mergers and acquisitions to improve industrial ecology. We believe that friends are not just a cloud software company, but also a platform serviceer and ecological builder at the enterprise level. Therefore, while increasing product inputs and grinding core products, they also need to expand the product matrix for their clients at the enterprise level.
This time, President Wang is also the president, which is expected to make the company’s resource interface and institutional mechanisms for mergers and acquisitions smoother, allowing the company to accelerate the pace of mergers and acquisitions and continue to improve.
3) To accelerate the refinancing process and promote the sound development of the financial sector. The company announced its refinancing plan on 30 June last year, announced on 30 June 2020 that it would transfer 80.72% of the equity to be disbursed quickly, and announced on 29 December 2020 that it would transfer 20% of the equity of the Silver Almond Sea equity fund to better focus on the cloud.
In our view, the development strategy is clearer by refinancing, on the one hand, and refinancing, on the other hand, by gradually removing the financial business from its focus on services, on the other. With President Wang and President, it is hoped that the process of refinancing and equity transfer will be accelerated and that the cloud business will become more focused.
Financial operations are also expected to remain benign when deeper into the computer industry.
The company released a refinancing plan on 30 June 2020 to raise funds.
2. Reporter ' s Friends Network: Cloud Operations is on the rise, yonbip has continued to grow.
On 4 September and 29 December, the company adjusted the amount of the additional funds raised, mainly because of the multiple financial investments made during the period, thereby reducing the fund-raising project “Replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans”.
There has been no decrease in fund-raising for the yonbip project. We believe that yonbip, as a company’s reporting friend network: q3 cloud business up, cloud priority, strategic-level products, is expected to lead companies in the cloud age to continue to seize market opportunities and take the lead.
The strategy will continue to advance 2020-11-02 yonbip is expected to contribute to the construction of the industry’s ecology.
Eight main areas of cloud creation, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, etc. At the same time, low-code openings at the bottom of yombip allow the development platform yombuilder and the integrated connectivity platform apilink to connect businesses and industries assv, helping friends and friends work together to serve their clients and construct industrial ecology.
Intoyonbip, the cloud-oriented strategy is fast-tracked by the tide of corporate cloudization and nationalization. Former friends face great opportunities for corporate cloudization and nationalization, one of which is technology, policy, endogenous demand, driving the growth of corporate clouds, and the other is the hope that the message will move from the bottom of the server operating system to the top.
Applying software extension, oracle’s investment slowed down in the cloud era, giving space for alternative products from friendly countries. The company is expected to rely on a business innovation platform, yombip, to actively capture the wave of large, mega-business transitions and national production, and to achieve new growth in the next 30 years.
Three-to-five years of continuous investment in cloud business and a prioritized development strategy, eventually growing into a giant service to domestic firms. The company is headed by a president, who increases cloud business inputs through refinancing, while gradually dissipating finance.
Business focuses on cloud service owners, and we keep looking at the development prospects of the company’s transition to corporate-level cloud service providers and business innovation counter providers. The company’s business income is expected to continue to grow in 2020/21/22.
1) The spread of the epidemic in the country and abroad, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders; 2) the failure of the IT industry to move faster than expected; 3) the slowdown in corporate policy on the cloud, which is less aggressive than expected;
Contact person: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics History of the University, four years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector. Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of Arts, Xiamen University, seven years of industrial work experience, formerly employed in ni, keysight, 5g, car networking.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.