The holding company will return to a stock, the cloud transformation strategy will be more intensive (600588.sh) the holding company will return to a share, the cloud transformation strategy will be more focused and the “buy-in” rating will be maintained.
The company issued an announcement that the board of directors of the company holding companies had considered the first steps to be listed on a stock market, where the company held approximately 65.68% of the total stock of the company. Free access was the lead business of the country’s micro-business saas, and the cloud business was growing at a high rate. According to the Free Access announcement, the business income was 3.46 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020.
Millions of yuan, of which clouds generated $152 million, an increase of 126% over the same period. The launch of the Quick Accessa Unit will help it to diversify capital market financing and promote the transformation and development of cloud services. For companies, the focus will be on research and development of core cloud products, accelerating the transformation of clouds.
The capital market will also be fully represented and the interests of all shareholders maximized. We maintain a forecast that the president of the company, Mr. Wang Wenking, will be the president of the company, and that he will be better able to leverage resources to seize the opportunities of historical development.
The founder of the division, who has a very deep understanding of the business services industry, has a very good sense of ownership of the direction of corporate development and key strategies. Mr. Wang Wenking, who is also the president of the company, has the advantage of better marshalling resources to seize the historic opportunity of nationalization, digital intelligence, internationalization, and focusing on cloud transformation strategies.
• Development of $5.298 billion in additional funding to continuously increase research and development investment in the yombip platform for a friend business innovation, and the company's intention to raise $5.298 billion in non-public shares, mainly to the yombip platform for a friend's business innovation
Construction projects (4,597 million), three projects to build research and development centres using friendly industrial parks (Nachang) ($628 million), replenishment of liquidity and return of bank loans ($7,34.51 million). yombip will effectively support and run client business innovation (business innovation, management innovation) and help companies achieve hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue.
Strategic objectives for global leading corporate cloud service providers.