Repurchase shows confidence in development, and the erp takes a chance to set the stage.
Repurchase of shares in the company is done in the form of repurchases. The market is ahead, and the company is confident in its development: the total amount of the company's current repurchase capital is not less than $600 million and not more than $1 billion, maintaining both the market's leading and the company's business.
The size of the business and market value matches, highlighting the company's confidence in development, and we expect that the company will do everything in the future to implement it at the maximum amount of the buy-back. This buy-back will last no more than six months, less than the rule ceiling, and repurchases will be used mainly for future employee equity incentives, and this year yombip and the entire R & D community.
With an expansion of the team of thousands, the interests of employees and company shareholders will be further promoted through equity incentives. There will be no reduction in ownership over the next six months, reflecting the image and value of the capital market, which is highly consistent with the interests of all shareholders.
The advantages of large client areas are evident in the fact that youonbip has a leading number of clients: friends are the first to dominate the high-end market, and in 2020 he successfully signed on to a number of large integrated group enterprises and label customers, such as the national electricity grid, China Sea Oil, Guizhou Maotai, the National Development Bank, and the Great Frontier Innovation.
Large customer markets are the main positions in the domestic cloud computing market, and such customers are more inclined to use private, cloud-deployed erp products, and therefore the client structure dominated by large customers indirectly reduces the public cloud ratio of friends, but reflects the competitive advantage of large customers using friends.
The number of households has exceeded 4,000, and has been widely used among Chinese clients, leading the community. In 2021, friends developed a new assessment mechanism to encourage clients to use the annual fee for their services, and the client’s willingness to pay subscriptions continues to increase.
▪ Cloud operations are growing rapidly and the value of investments continues to rise: domestic production needs of large domestic enterprises this year1 and the Friends Network (600588).
Ps is only 10 times lower than cloud comparable companies: Helium Electronics 17 times, Wirtschaftsprüfer 15 times, Kim Mountain Office 42 times, Golden Fluttershy International 18 times, Minggen Cloud 25 times, MicroAlliance 11 times (traditional industry 2, Users Network (600588), directors
The company, as an absolute leader of the domestic erp, is now the head of a stock and even the global cloud planner who is also the president of a company that integrates resource-focused enterprises to calculate the value base of the company and does not yet enjoy the flagship valuation.
Internet track 2021-01-06 3 and Friends Network (600588), Recovering high growth in revenues from the cloud industry, year-round performance
It is 13/11/8 times higher, with discounts relative to the current stock of other cloud companies and the Hong Kong stock of Golden Fluttershys International. The use of friends is evident in large firms, leading by growth, taking into account the yombep platform and the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board by Dong Wu Securities Corporation Ltd., which already has an investment advisory board on securities.