Events: A corporate announcement, with Mr. Wang Wen King as President of the company for a term of office.
How do you understand the company’s commitment to strategic transformation? In our view, the time frame for transition from the company’s transformation.
And to see how the company’s strategic resolve can be better understood. The faster and the stronger it gets, the faster it gets, the stronger it gets, the faster it gets, the faster it gets to u8cloud and the nccloud, the more it goes from uiup5.0 to yonbip and the more it changes its president.
Quantified corporate growth targets for equity incentives, increased commitment to yombip
Business income reached $14.7 billion in 2022 and cloud service revenue $9.8 billion. Quantified requirements for company cloud business are implemented from the top to the bottom of equity.
Using the Friends Network (600588), the amount of cloud income ring increases has been reduced from $6.4 billion to $5.3 billion, with an increase of $4.6 billion in investment in yonbip to build the basis for mid-term performance appraisals.
Skinning off, the listed subjects are more focused on the cloud business itself. A clear change than in the past is that the company's development has shifted from being driven by three carriages to being focused on the cloud.
On November 24, 2020, the company announced a plan to separate its subsidiaries from the company's "Shanghai-Technology " to "Shanghai-Technology" company.
Investment advice: The cloud computing track has been proven overseas as a long-term investment track. Profit predictions consider paying off for 21 years and believe that the company will increase its costs as a result of the cloud transformation.
The real-time president, the real-time president, the real-time president, the real-time president, the real-time president, the real-time president.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.