On the evening of January 13th, the company announced that the controlling subsidiary had limited access to information technology (IT) shares and that the Board of Directors of the Department had considered its proposal for the first public release of the RMB General Unit (a) in China.
This time, the circulation of shares ipo does not exceed 15% of the total value of the stock immediately after issuance (not more than 3.83 million, which is the main vehicle for the use of the services of friendly micro-enterprises), and the trend towards cloudization is accelerating.
It is based on the market for micro-business services, and it is a rich product product. It is a controlling subsidiary of a friend network, 65.68%. It is mainly dedicated to providing financial and management services to small and medium-sized enterprises in China.
Platform services, application services and data value-added services. The main product lines that are now well-connected include good accounting, t+clud, good business, smart +, easy-to-account, etc., focusing mainly on the finance of micro-enterprises, billion yuan, an increase of 8 per cent, and operating revenues of $346 million in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of the same amount.
The cloud business ratio has gradually increased, and the trend towards cloudization has accelerated. Rapid access to the strategic evolution of the application group as a whole towards the cloud in recent years, and current product lines have achieved a clouded version. In the first three quarters of 2020, rapid access to the cloud business generated $152 million, an increase of 126%, and cloud business revenue.
The share reached 44%. 44,000 new pay-as-you-go users in cloud operations grew by 45% over the same period, and the cumulative cost to firms exceeded 201,000. We believe that micro and small enterprises have relatively simple needs and products are easier to benchmark, making the market for larger medium-sized enterprises with a cloud-saasization model more readily available in the micromarkets.
In the first three quarters of 2020, Yeltsun’s cloud operations grew by 126%, faster than 74% at 2020h1, reflecting a further acceleration in the trend towards a smooth transition to the cloud. On the one hand, cloudization helps the public to reach more long-tailed users of small and medium-sized enterprises, and on the other hand, cloudization helps to reduce deployment delivery.
Ben, which can be developed and delivered quickly, enhance user experience, and further enhance client stickyness. By expanding access to finance on a stock listing, it is hoped to increase investment in improving product competitiveness.
“Waaan Securities_Collaborative Research_Computer Industry_Intense Increased market awareness of open and user groups as a whole to provide adequate financial support for corporate development.” Reporter Network: Corporate Clouds for New Blue Sea, Business
The current market for business-level services is facing important strategies of intellectualization, nationalization and internationalization.
“Waaan Securities_Study_Computer Industry_Estimation, the need for leading enterprises to continuously increase their R & D inputs, match user needs and build a better production network”
As a result, we believe that this smooth flow is likely to solve the financial problem further by raising a share in the market.
“Waann Securities Corporation researches the computer industry and thus devotes more energy to grinding products and building stronger competition for the company's development”
Barriers. As we see the pace of smooth and rapid transition to the cloud, the rate of rapid and rapid growth in revenues from cloud operations is expected to keep moving ahead with the strategy 2020-11-02 to achieve faster growth in cloud operations beyond the user group as a whole, thus driving faster growth in the group as a whole.
The company’s controlling subsidiaries are expected to move back to the market to further expand access to finance, increase the availability of the cloud, and accelerate the growth of the company’s corporate cloud business. We keep looking at the evolution of companies toward corporate-level cloud service providers and business-innovated platform providers.
1) The spread of the epidemic in the country and abroad, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders; 2) the failure of the IT industry to move faster than expected; 3) the slowdown in corporate policy on the cloud, which is less aggressive than expected;
Contact person: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics History of the University, four years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector. Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of Arts, Xiamen University, seven years of industrial work experience, formerly employed in ni, keysight, 5g, car networking.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.