The company, after closing on January 13th, released a report on the limited access of controlled subsidiaries to information technology (IT) shares, and expanded access to capital market financing, which is expected to enhance its influence in the domestic market.
In 2019, easy access achieved operating income of $463 million and net profit net market value (millions of dollars):
Three hundred and ninety-eight million yuan. At the moment, the share of the free and easy (h) shares is on the market at Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd. Free and easy access to the ordinary (a) shares of the renminbi, which is intended to be publicly distributed to the public for the first time, does not exceed 15% (not more than 38,326,176 shares) of the total amount of the equity after issuance.
As of the date of this announcement, the company has direct access to approximately 61.85 per cent of the capital market and uses the best friends through its subsidiaries.
Upon completion of the release of the stock, the company remained an easy-to-be controlling shareholder, and the smooth-to-be holding of the stock in the company ' s consolidated statements remained a good-to-be holding of approximately 3.83 per cent of the shares, with a total of about 65.68 per cent of the shares held in the capital stock.
The company’s financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected in the company’s consolidated statements. Although this release will lead to a dilution of the company’s shareholdings, it will facilitate the flow of the research-friends’ network (600588.sh) in March 2020.
Accelerating business development by fast-training the company's overall future profitability will lead to a quarterly review of the company's high-quality capital: negative growth is shrinking on a seasonal basis, cloud services are growing at an accelerated pace, and the value of production is fully reflected in capital markets, maximizing the interests of all shareholders.
The chairman is also the president, and the cloud service business is expected to accelerate the development of the research-friends network of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (600588.sh): the user company recently issued a bulletin on changing the president of the company, subject to business development needs.
At the thirteenth session of the Board of Trustees, it was decided to appoint Mr. Wang Wenking, Chairman of the Board, as President of the Company. Mr. Wang Wen King, the founder and actual controller of the company, is also the President, and is expected to accelerate the use of the friendly 3.0-11 strategy in the face of the historic opportunities of intelligence, nationalization and globalization.
To accelerate the development of the yonbip platform and core applications, and to promote high growth in cloud service operations.
More than $5.298 billion has been invested in the Yonbip construction project, among other things, in the company’s traditional business management software for many years, and the industry is well established; cloud services are a strategic development in the direction of rapid growth and long-term, and there is much room for future growth.
Chen Tunan doubles. Companies are in a critical period of cloud transformation, with higher cost inputs, lower net profit margins, etc., considering: the advantages of cloud services in a changing global science and technology industry; firm corporate push for cloud transformation; and subservient.
High growth in business performance is expected to sustain the Ps valuation level, giving companies 18 times as much in 2021 as a new coronary pneumonia epidemic could slow the release of demand from downstream customers; cloud service transformation is not advancing as expected; and research and development for new products is progressing below expectations: brain drain, etc.
Figure 1: The author of Ps-band in the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement to draw conclusions and draw conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service, according to the Licence for the Operation of Securities (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.S.I.S.C. has the qualifications for the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.