Using the company review report of the Friends Network (600588), big buybacks were used to stimulate the company's strategic landings.
Large-scale repurchases of shares for future employee equity incentives will be useful in preserving corporate value, preserving corporate value, further developing and improving corporate long-term incentives for shareholders' interests, corporate profits, market value (millions of dollars):
The total amount of repurchase capital is not less than RMB 600 million or more than RMB 1 billion; the repurchase price is no more than RMB 42/single: the duration of the repurchase is from the date the board considers the adoption of the repurchase scheme.
A firm push for cloud services, with 1,500 additional R & D staff focusing on yombep and other products, was unanimously adopted at the sixteenth meeting of the Conference.
Cloud service business development, building and operating a global leading corporate cloud service platform. yombip is based on a technology platform with a center-centred idea, using the model of “Big Centre + Small Front”, where business is refined into a public component and deposited into the middle of business, the middle of data, and opened up.
The construction of yonbip will effectively support and run client business innovation (business innovation, management innovation) and will bring together millions of clients, 100,000 partners, billion class members.
To achieve hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue and create huge economic and social values that will make it possible to hold a huge cloud, deep human cloud service, 2021.02.17 The strategic goal of the future corporate cloud service provider of the current company.
In the context of the trend towards digital transformation, the demand for enterprise-level software services continues to grow in our enterprises.
Long, a new generation of applications based on cloud computing and saas services has a wide market space. At present, there is a rapid growth in the cloud computing industry, driven by a combination of intelligence, national production, and globalization. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the total market size of our cloud was 133.4 billion yuan in 2019.
As the leader of the industry, the army department is expected to benefit fully from the development of the industry, which has been well established for many years in the field of traditional business management software; cloud service is a strategic development.
Chen Tunan, considering the advantages of cloud services in a changing global technology industry, the firm's firm push for cloud transformation and the rapid growth of cloud services, ps valuation levels are expected to be maintained at 18 times the company's 2021 level.
(c) Brain drain: increased competition in the market, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.