The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) focused in depth on bip, accelerating cloud transformation, and on February 9th, using a friendship proposal of RMB 283 million, was granted a large shareholding of 56.57% of the affiliated shares.
After the transfer, the company will hold a stockholding of 84.74% and the company will become its controlling subsidiary. The acquisition of the big cloud will speed up the construction of the friendly cloud service ecosystem.
The saas market is ranked fourth, with more than 700 clients in aggregate, and the business model is a purely public cloud subscription.
The acquisition of large clouds can further improve the combined strength of yombip in the field of human cloud, open the hrsaas market, and gradually construct an eco-friendly cloud service with bip at its core.
Organizational restructuring and series of capital operations, with a deep focus on bip, accelerates cloud transformation. We believe that the main purpose of a series of recent corporate restructuring and capital operations is to accelerate cloud transformation with a strategic focus on bip:
1. On 23 November 2020, the company proposed to separate its controlled stock company ' s friend cars into the market, and to separate the thinner ones, and 2020.10.23 Friends will focus more on cloud masters.
4. Deepening the Cloud Transformation -- Affiliation Network Coverage Report, 2 January 21, when Mr. Wang Wen King, Chairman of the Board, was re-established as Managing Director of the Corporation, facilitated coordination of all the resources of the Group and made every effort to implement the cloud transformation strategy.
On January 14th, the company’s subsidiaries returned to market with a stock market. It was an important arrangement for using friends for small and micro-enterprises, earning $346 million in the first three quarters of 20 years, or +5% of the revenue from cloud services.
150 million yuan, or +126 per cent of the year. Under the Omnibus 30 million cloud transformation strategy, China’s market potential for cloud services for small and medium-sized enterprises is enormous. By returning to a share market, expanding access to finance and accelerating the process of cloudization will help to widen the range of long-tail clients.
To invest in the continuous research and development of lonbip products. The firm’s determination to invest more in R & D, to focus heavily on the cloud, to transform into a product that seeks to become zhaiwei @gjzq.com.cn with its intellectual, national, global, and zhaiwei @gjzq.com.cn
A major catch in the history of opportunity, the winding down of the business is not as good as expected: increased competition in the market: higher-end erp market national production is not as good as expected:
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment