28 March 2021 Continuous Dynamic Cloud Services, Innovative Platforms, Friends Network (600588.sh)
yombep will be able to achieve 34% growth in the net profit of Wu Xing Jing and a gradual optimization of the asset structure.
8.25 billion yuan, or 0.2 per cent more; net profit on realization of deductions of 904 million yuan, or 33.5 per cent more; net cash flow from operating activities of 1,613 million yuan, or 5.2 per cent more; ebit realization of Zou Wen Xin
During the reporting period, the company expressed its gratitude to Prince Road.
The revenue from cloud services (excluding the financial category) was $3.422 billion, an increase of 73.7 per cent over the same period, while the income from the cloud was 40 per cent of total income, representing a high growth trend compared with the 17 percentage increases in the same period last year. As at the end of 2020, the cumulative number of clients paying for cloud services was as follows:
60.16 million, an increase of 17.5 per cent over the previous year. The company has accelerated the strategic deployment of cloud ecosystems, with a cumulative increase of over 11,000 products and services to partners, representing an increase of 60 per cent and 37.5 per cent, respectively.
Microbusiness cloud services generated income of $241 million, an increase of 65.2 per cent over the same period, and microbusinesses continued at a rate of 71.68 per cent; before the Government and other public organizations earned revenue, companies were gradually becoming the leading online and sub-line integrated cloud ecosystem service platform in the country.
The company is now moving to a new development strategy stage – using friends 3.0-11, push – in the context of the intellectual, nationalized and globalized industries, and on the basis of the company’s many years of leadership in the cloud services market.
Prominent and manageable new strategic product, yonbip (a friend business innovation platform). It marks a cloud suit from product service mode to platform service mode. During the reporting period, companies released the first edition of yonbip202009, providing a cloud platform and financial cloud, human cloud, synergizing cloud, camp.
In the reporting period, the company ' s bip-type products generated revenues of $1.22 billion and the number of service clients amounted to 4949.
The company relies on its own strong cost-control and R & D capabilities to keep track of the company's business model and the overall business performance of the company.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research. Master of Science, University of Gangan, and Bachelor of Science, University of Gangan; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2016; and a member of the new wealth-entering team in 2016.