The cloud transformation was beautiful and finely managed to boost profits - the Friends Network 2020 annual report was evaluated on the evening of 26 March, and the Friends Network released its annual report with a revenue of 8.525 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 0.2 per cent compared to 0.2 per cent.
A net profit of 989 million yuan was realized, a 16.4 per cent decline in the same year; a net profit of 904 million yuan was realized, and the same amount of money was transferred to the same year, and management was streamlined, with a significant improvement in the quality of the business, from a business situation: a change in focus, a rapid growth in cloud operations. In terms of income structure, the year 2020 was a year of harvest by friends.
Inflows amounted to $3.422 billion, representing an increase of 73.7 per cent in the same year and 40 per cent in cloud operations; software revenues amounted to $4.044 billion, representing a decrease of 22.2 per cent in the same year, affecting revenues from software operations in the context of a strong push for business change, which amounted to $446.6 million, representing an increase of 4.2 per cent in the same year; and financial operations accounted for a decrease of $1,005 million, or 22 per cent in the same year, following the company's plans.
In terms of financial performance, cloud transformation and good cost control have led to significant improvements in financial quality. With a good business model, cloud transformation has led to significant improvements in the financial quality of companies, bringing the net operating cash flow to 1,613 million in 20 years.
Dollars, 5.2 per cent more than year-on-year; receipts, 2,045 million yuan, 61.3 per cent more than year-on-year, of which 1,091 million were received by clouds; management, financial costs, 6 per cent lower than year-on-year, 30 per cent lower, 6 per cent lower, and the cost rate of three fees consistently decreased. Overall R & D investment amounted to 1,673 million yuan, 2 per cent more than year-on-year, accounting for 19.6 per cent of the volume of revenue received.
Cost control, capital asset quality optimized, asset-liability ratio dropped by 3 pct to 49.6 per cent, interest-bearing liability rules, heavy-pound lyonbip successfully rolled out, cloud business continued to break through billions of yuan, an increase of 67.9 per cent in the same year: small microbusinesses earned 240 million yuan, an increase of 65.2 per cent in the same year: government and other public
The organizational cloud earns 460 million yuan, an increase of 127.2 per cent. Friends continue to be in the dominant position in large enterprises, with China as a group of high-quality customers, Naking, Nanjing, and the industrial sector, with a rate of 98.96 per cent. Friends as a whole continue to be the leading industry, leading the Chinese saas market.
As a result of the continued expansion of yongbip, the company has continued to create excellence in the development of tens of thousands of orders, and orders have risen at full prices. 1. User network (600588), cloud operations continue to increase at a high rate, net profits of $13.59, 18.53, and 2.286 billion, respectively.
In a state of high-speed cloud transformation, ps should be used as an indicator of valuation.
The new platform creates new directions, cloud services grow less than expected, and business orders need less than expected.
A summary of company financial statement data projections is excellent, the Chief of Computer & Education at the Chinese Institute of Securities, joined the Chinese Institute of Securities in 2019, and the Master of Financial Sciences at Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Previous authors have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,