On October 12, the company issued an announcement to adjust the prices of some products such as soy sauce, quail oil, sauce, and soy sauce.
The product adjustment ranged from 3 to 7 per cent, and the implementation of the new price was implemented on 25 October. Why now the price increase: higher upstream cost pressure, reshaping profit systems \triangleright
The company price increases eventually landed in October, and we believe that the main consideration is the following: (1) cost pressures: soybeans and soybean cost increases are the fundamental driving force for the current round of price increases; (2) system of profits for reshaping channels: the earlier contraction of profit margins for the sea sky channel has discouraged dealer confidence and this price increase is expected to increase profit margins and is expected to be higher at the dealer level; (3)
Fulfilling performance targets: The release of this price increase will speed up the flow of supplies and facilitate the completion of the second half of the mission. Feasibility of this price increase: Short-term cost placement and medium-term demand repair will help digest the increase
By the end of 2016, sea-day price increases were more objective than ever, with low pipeline stock, better end demand, and better feedback on cost-pressure driven price increases. Unlike earlier, high pipelines, weak end demand, and community group purchasing shocks, while the current round price increases are more difficult, we believe that they can still be helped by short-term increases in cost-investment channels.
In the medium- and long-term: price increases reshape profit systems, channels return to healthy growth \triangleright understands that the core growth logic of the sea sky is the volume increase brought about by the expansion of channels, so more emphasis should be placed on the long-term consequences of this round of price increases.
Effects. The price dividend is more rapidly digested by reference to the previous round of sea-sky price hikes, pushing the soy sauce/veal/meat unit price for only 17 years. We think that if the 22h1 terminal needs are to be repaired incrementally, while firms increase their costs to help deflate stocks and add up the pressure-driven increase, the industry is expected to achieve a four-cycle resonance of 22h1. (3) Low base effect: 21h1
In the future, companies are expected to grow faster than the industry average and maintain their assessment: the control fee effect is pressure, the advantage of the dominant size, the price of raw materials is higher than expected, the channels are submerging than anticipated, food safety risks, increased competition in the industry, etc.
2. Research brief on the seafood industry (603288): sound operations, multi-meaning upward pressure on hedge costs Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Liu Guangmi, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Economics. Joined the Chinese Institute of Securities in 2020, mainly covering spices and soft drinks.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,