Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, seafood industry: price increases for boots landed, channel profits re-created seafood industry 10/12 issued price increases in view of major raw materials, transportation, energy, etc.
The cost has continued to rise significantly, with sea sky adjusting prices for some products such as soy sauce, argon, sauce, etc., ranging from 3 to 7 per cent for major products, with the new price starting from 10/25.
The company informed that the price of the entire series of products would increase nationwide in October 2021. 9/25 issued a clarification announcement that the company was recently assessing whether the price of the product had been adjusted, but that the plan had not yet been finalized; if the plan was implemented, it would be for the future performance of the company.
This year, the company’s major raw materials (materials such as soybean, packaged materials such as paper boxes, pet bottles, etc.), freight, energy, etc., continued to rise significantly, with soybean prices rising from 19 years.
Sea weather industry (603288) Sea weather industry: a unilateral rise at the bottom, rising from $4442 per ton at the beginning of the year to $5241 per ton in 21, yuan per ton up to the current $8,400 per ton increase of 45 per cent, tidal paper starting from May 20
Seafood Industries (603288). Seatime Industries Quarterly Review: Excellent cost control, leading the industry out of expectations of recent rising energy costs, with multiple pressures leading to price increases.
Whether or not it is the best point to raise the price: not the best point, but not the worst. The best point is to assess that the annual target is exceeded, expecting a new demand pull-up rather than a cost-driven increase, that is, the most desirable is the demand climate.
Well, the stock is in place, either with the branding of the product, or with the rapid pace of the economy, which is not the best point: in 15 years, the gdp has fallen by 7% and the demand has fallen worse than before, and the sea and sky brand has been released as fast as possible. At present, consumer demand in the post-epidemiology era does exist.
At a certain pressure, the time of full recovery of consumption is uncertain. Non-worst hour: the source of price increases at the end of the channel has been heard since 19 and the price increases are expected after one time.
Seafood Industry: Boots are on the ground, profit from the pipeline is restored, though not in a historically low position, but it is still benign, and there is willingness to buy. Price increases have an impact: profit from the channel is likely to be restored, and the end of the statement is uncertain.
Stewards, usually the process of optimising profit for the channel, which, five years after the last price increase, has been partially profitable, and the margin of profit for the current price increase is expected to be optimized. At the end of the statement, in the short run, the channel stock is good, with a certain amount of hoarding for the benefit of the short term.
When demand is weak, price increases may put some pressure on sales. Two price increases: the impact of the current round increases is much lower than last time. The previous round of sea sky rises were 16 years, 5% at the end of December, and the current round increases were at the end of October 21 years.
Two price increases: the basis for the current round of price increases is lower than the previous one, reflecting mainly both the channel inventory base and the end demand.
This round raises prices: we believe that the price increases are less than the price increases for the ps.
1) eps contribution: The increase in prices is largely equal to the income and profit impact, assuming that sales will not be affected, and the increase in prices will result in an increase in revenues, but the company price increases are usually accompanied by an increase in sales promotions, peg is 4x. If there is an optimistic projection of this round of pegs to 3, there is still 33% room.
This round of valuation is in a higher position, with limited space for valuation. Investment proposal: We believe that price increases have more impact on stock prices than on the business-level seafood industry: price increases on the ground, re-created profit from the pipeline
At the operational level: the short-term benefits of the price increases for companies in the industry, i.e. the statements may look good for the time being, and the HF data perspective may have passed at the worst. 2) At the financial level: according to the Pacific strategy, the current pressure on the three mountains has not yet been relaxed.
It is proposed to defend first, wait until the bottom of the policy appears, and then strike back on the right. In three directions, the preferred option is high defensive consumption, with a higher transfer cost, including food and drink, agriculture, textile clothing, etc.
(3) Emotional aspects: this year, the appetizer industry has been affected by a variety of negative factors, with companies falling at an all-time high, with the largest recovery of 50 per cent in the year, 62 per cent in the torch, 62 per cent in the millennia, the market mood at a historically low level, the continued exploitation of negative information, and the over-orientated logic of the industry over the long term.
Question. We believe that the taste industry is still one of the best paths in food drinks, and that the effects of community group purchasing are short-term. The value of killing Peg is three to two times as much as it is now, and we need to track it to the right. The real signs of coming to the right are that the demand is going to be good.
While the fundamentals have not yet come to the right, the financial and emotional benefits are far greater than the underlying uncertainties. Profit predictions and ratings: maintain an “enhanced” rating.
With the outstanding advantages of class and size, the moat has continued to expand, benefiting from the concentration uplift dividend, the cost uplift dividend, the scale dividend, and the management dividend, companies will continue to grow steadily and robustly in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully achieved in the long term.
Reshaping channel profits, short-term profit statements, long-term impacts are uncertain. We expect the seafood industry: price-added boots are on the ground, channel profits are re-created, South China is sold.
Li Yinwen, 9 North Street, Beijing, West Side Town.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report