Recovering income growth and improving profit expectations Events: Companies issued 3-quarter reports in 2021, 21q1-3 generated business income of $17.994 billion, same as seafood (603288)
This represents an increase of 5.32 per cent; a net return of $4.708 billion, an increase of 2.98 per cent for the same year; an increase of 3.11 per cent for non-repatriation; a net return of $1,355 million, an increase of 2.75 per cent for the same year; and a deduction of non-repatriation net profit of 12.5 per cent, which we expect will be reduced by the impact of community group purchasing channels on traditional channels.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the number of corporate distributors had reached 7,403, four fewer rings than in the second quarter, and the major northern regions had declined, and earlier price hikes had led to an increase in the number of distributors.
The product price increases ease cost pressures and improve profit expectations. The company’s \triangleright for soy sauce, quail oil, sauce, etc.
At the same time, corporate price increases are expected to improve the profit margins of distributors, and they have a positive effect on the maintenance of the end market. Without improved access, the end market cannot be maintained, and competition has taken over the end, markets, markets, and markets.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: The price increases for corporate products are not only to ease the upward pressure on costs, but also to increase the profit margins of the channels. We believe that Seaday has excellent management, corporate strategy.
Good, aggressive, scale-based cost-control industry leads, channels and brand moats deep.
The risk factors are: higher prices of raw materials than expected; increased competition in the industry; and less than expected promotion of new products.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.