The three-quarterly report on the seafood industry (603288.sh) met expectations, with a long-cycle view of the company ' s development. The three-quarterly report on the seafood industry published in 2021, with $17.99 billion in 2021q1-q3, an increase of 5.3 per cent in comparison with the return.
Prices are 72.5, 61.2 and 52.2 times higher. The seafood industry has the best pace and range of adjustments in the industry, and the long-term cycle is still good for the future of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The seafood industry registered a 3.1% increase in revenue in the third quarter, with a marked improvement in the speed ring ratio. The improvement was due to the loss of the high base effect during the same period; the decreasing negative impact of community group purchasing channels; and the fact that part of the distributors at the end of the season had pre-positioned their supplies and accelerated their repayments.
Positive embraces of community buys are evident. Three quarters of the southern market has seen a faster growth of 7.8%, making up for the North region (-3.4%), and other regions have been relatively stable.
The 2021q3 Māori ratio was reduced by 3.0 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a change in accounting standards due to higher cost of raw materials and a reduction in revenue from promotion costs. The sales cost rate was also reduced by 3.1 pct on a year-on-year basis, and was associated with a change in the cost settlement line.
Warm. Three quarters of the decline in out-of-business income and increased out-of-business expenditure, resulting in an overall net gain of 2.8 per cent • final price increases, recommended to the long-forms.
Promotion of channel profit space: first, to enhance channel motivation; second, to have enough room for subsequent pricing. Corporate Information Update - Performance meets expectations, policy surplus; third, to deepen channel reservoirs.
This hedge has a positive impact, and it has a positive contribution in the medium term.