On October 13, 2021, the company issued an announcement on the price adjustment of some of its products in response to the cost of major raw materials, transportation, energy, etc.
The company decided to adjust the prices of some of its products, such as soy sauce, oyster oil, sauce, etc., to 3 to 7% of its main products, and the new prices were introduced on October 25, 2021. The company’s profitability was constrained by the rising costs.
The current prices of soybeans, soybeans and glass grew by 34.32%, 30.69% and 64.66% respectively in early 2020, and the prices of the main raw materials are all expected to increase the profitability of the company. The company's performance this year has been constrained by rising costs, a high base in the last two quarters, and community buyouts. This time, the company's adjustment of prices for some of its products has helped to ease the pressure on the company's costs and profits.
Overall, this product price increase can improve the company’s marginal performance, improve the Māori rate, and thus increase the profitability of the company as a whole. In the long run, product price increases help to optimize the company’s product and channel structure, thereby enabling the company to take better advantage of market development opportunities.
On the other hand, the firm ' s price increases, which are targeted at some products, can be further optimized and upgraded on the basis of the original product matrix; on the other hand, the company ' s price increases are conducive to optimizing the channel price system, allowing distributors to obtain more reasonable benefits and thus better guide the market and maintain the product price system. In the long run, price increases for the company ' s products are conducive to upgrading the market.
The company’s q2 performance is constrained by multiple factors, such as short-term digestion of stock, rising costs, and community buys. The product’s price increases are expected to improve the company’s fundamentals and profitability, requiring short-term attention to improvements in the company’s inventory, end demand, etc.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.