The seafood industry (603288) food beverages, price increases will ease cost-side pressures, and the price system will continue to improve the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: On the evening of October 12, the company announced that it would raise prices for major products such as soy sauce, argon, sauce for the first time in almost five years, or that it would drive up prices in the industry. As a result of rising costs for raw materials, transportation, energy, etc., the company would increase prices for major products by about 3-7%.
The price of soybeans has been raised for the first time in the last five years since the price was raised by 5% in January 2017. The cost of soybeans is about the size of the soy sauce, the weakness of consumer demand, and the gradual transparency of the price system, leading to a low profit base.
The price increases are more difficult than in the past, owing to the higher stock of channels and weaker end demand, as well as the impact of the outbreak. From the time the price increases were announced to the time of formal implementation, it is expected that there will be a small increase in the willingness of dealers at all levels to prepare their original prices.
The company’s short-term revenue performance may have improved; at the same time, it is expected to ease short-term channel pressure from price increases by increasing its spending and support to distributors. As raw material prices eventually fall, consumption needs to gradually dissipate the adverse effects in the short term, and long-term corporate leadership will continue to be strong.
The late hour of the confluence of disadvantages in the taste industry has passed, and the overall environment is gradually moving towards a better environment: 1) Social Grouping is gradually moving towards regulation: the involvement of the National Directorate of Market Supervision, the trend towards stabilization of competition patterns in community group purchasing platforms, and the combination of the q2 lessons learned from the sea and the maturing of collaboration with community groups.
The negative impact of community group purchasing is gradually decreasing; (2) vaccination coverage is increasing after the epidemic has subsided, and demand for meals and retail ends is gradually warming: 3) The overall level of high stock levels is gradually decreasing, the current national channels are gradually being released, and the performance of the seadayq4 is expected to improve significantly compared to q2.
The growth rate of total production is at a steady pace, the number of firms within the industry is still growing, the pattern of competition in the spice industry has not yet been settled, and competition in the industry is expected to turn to white heat after three to five years. The firm, as a spice, is absolutely the leader of the industry, with its strong capital volume, distribution system, and supply chain keeping cost advantages.
2. The seafood industry (603288): the effects of scale, the effects of which are evident in the growth in competition in the current round of industry, are expected to be felt by the company’s dominant position, which will be soft, with a combination of profit-taking pressures (2021-08-31).
3. Sea weather industry (603288): diversified product development leading to significant advantage (2021-04-01) 4. Sea weather industry (603288): performance against expectations, dragons
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.