Food and beverage food processing: The seafood industry has passed the dark hour, with no better income than the seafood industry published its three-quarter report in 2021, and collected $17,994 million in the first three quarters.
+5.32 million), net profit from the mother (4.708 billion yuan (same as + 2.98%), non-net profit from the mother's deduction Income analysis: significant improvement in the ring comparison, significant improvement in the southern region and sharp increase on the line. 17.994 billion won in the first three quarters, equal to +1 per cent (q1:+21.65 per cent; q2:-9.399 per cent; q3:
+3.11 +3.11 + positive growth in revenue growth, thanks to positive embraces and responses by companies in the face of community buys. q3 = 1) Sub-products: sales of soy sauce, aphid oil, stock/flow (million shares)
2) Sub-regions: Regional performance was more even, with the northern region continuing to decline, the rest of the region increasing at a positive rate, and the southern region performed better, with the highest rate of growth, compared with +7.8 per cent; 3) Seafood (603288), Seatime Taste: Tweeting
Homes, q3 net increase by 4, with a slight slowdown and some optimization, with the northern region with the price of boots on the ground, re-making of profit through channels -- 57 fewer dealers, 40 more in the south. 4) Sub-channels: good growth on the line.
For the first time in the quarter, the performance was better than the industry -- profit analysis: cost increases in Māori, withholding non-profits better than income.
q3 of these non-net profit increases by 7.84 per cent, higher than the net profit increase, mainly due to fair value changes
Started with 21q2. The cost rate for the period was 9.46% (same-3.5pct), mainly sales price increases: 10/12 issuing price increases, which will be adjusted by the sky for some of the products such as soy sauce, ale, sauce, etc., in view of the persistent and substantial increase in the cost of major raw materials, transportation, energy, etc.
Seafood Industries: Deduction of non-promotion over income, good profit on price increases Price effects: price increases by companies in the taste industry, generally the process of optimising profit on the channel. Seaday, five years since the last price increase, part of the channel has had a weak profit.
At the end of the statement, the channel stock is good, and it's good for short-term statements. In the long run, price increases ease costs and profit pressures, while demand is weak, they can put a certain pressure on sales.
Performance. Although the fundamentals are not yet on the right, the financial and emotional benefits are far greater than the underlying impact of specific price increases on performance and stock prices, we can refer to our previous reports, The Favorite Industries and Traces: Sold to the Dark, The Cost Pressures Unsolved, and The Sea-Technology Industries: The Boots on the Ground.
For five years of the company ' s 3 by 5 plan, the company will continue to work on the product, the channel, and will insist on a two-digit growth of the appetizer. 1) Product category: further development of the market for the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil and soy sauce.
The share of high-end products of soy sauce is expected to rise from 40 per cent to 50 per cent today, to be the aphid body volume, and to enhance new soybean market cultivation, with emphasis on new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc. 2) channels: network of thick channels to enhance the development of three or four lines of urban gaps and weak markets, and push
Annual revenues and profits will maintain a double-digit compound growth. Considering structural upgrading and the volume space for products, and the progress made in deepening corporate channels, we judge the probability of a “3 by 5” plan as high as it is likely to be, and continue to look good in the long term.
Profit forecasts and ratings: maintain “enhanced” ratings. The seafood industry, thanks to its outstanding brand, channel, class and size advantages, continues to widen the moat, benefiting from higher concentration dividends, higher cost dividends, larger dividends, management dividends, etc., the company will remain sustainable in the future.
Steady growth, and the "3 by 5" plan is expected to be successful in the long run.
Li Yinwen, 9 North Street, Beijing, West Side Town.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.