The growth of short-term performance has slowed and long-term trends have been positive for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of 13.9 billion yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 5.72 per cent in the same year; net profit of 2.250 billion yuan in the current year, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.14 billion was deducted, a decrease of 25.9 per cent in the same year; performance slowed down during a period of steady growth.
In the face of the new national policy and the increasingly competitive market environment, companies have stepped up their marketing efforts and gathered on the drug board.
Increased investment of resources in top 1500 hospitals has led to sales, more active operations in Otc and medical equipment, more consumer sticky, and the health plate, Yunnan White Toothpaste, has succeeded in reaching out to black people, becoming the first brand in China's toothpaste market, and in launching and creating brands for a series of beautiful skin-picking products.
In 2018, the company undertook a major asset restructuring exercise to absorb the combined holdings of the shareholders, and in the first half of 2019, the entire stock of the drug control.
The transfer of rights and obligations, risks and benefits to Yunnan White, thereby reducing management levels and improving operational efficiency. When the merger is completed, the listed company will serve as the only platform for industrial mergers and acquisitions and integrations, which will facilitate the integration of the competitive resources within Yunnan White System, the introduction of incremental funds for industrial mergers and acquisitions, and the enhancement of corporate competition.
Once the deal is completed, the company will further consolidate the assets of the high-quality industrial chain, such as tea, nutrients, belonging to the drug-controlled stock, and create synergies among the segments to create a competitive and healthy pharmaceutical industry marketing platform. Repurchase plans will bring new competitive advantages and performance growth points to the company.
• Continuously investing in innovative products and deepening brand advantages. The research and development of the 2019h1 company has invested $6.5 million, or 22.5% more, in a series of products such as Yunnan White capsules, aerosols, Band-Aids, Yunnan White Pills, Clouds, South White Paste, hemorrhagic cream, toothpaste, first-aid kits, etc.
The long-standing brand influence of Yunnan White will provide companies with a constant and stable performance driver. The formation of materials, medicines, and a healthy and complete layout, with mixed group-level shifts, will make their prospects more promising, with such catalysts as product price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
3. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538): Absorption of merger reorganization plans
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.