Yunnan White (000538), reporting performance.
The company has evolved as a traditional medium-sized pharmaceutical enterprise: the company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated business income of 13,897 million yuan, together with the large industrial and pharmaceutical enterprises, covering medicine and health.
The core products of the company are Yunnan Pharmacy Series, Yunnan White Tooth, 8.59%; net profits of $1,135 million from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company are realized.
The reported performance was relatively stable, and the net profit was affected by the costs associated with the mixing. During the reporting period, the company absorbed the platinum holdings by issuing shares to the three shareholders of the controlling stockholder's platinum holdings, which were completed on 1 June 2019.
Data on 2018h1. During the reporting period, the growth in corporate operating income and net profits was relatively stable, with net profits excluding non-mortality falling less than expected. Net profits attributable to mothers were affected by losses and losses on disposal of non-current assets (US$ 1,071 million) during the reporting period.
Sales rates decreased by 2.13 pct, 0.56 pct, respectively, compared to the same period last year, with less than anticipated net non-mortality gains attributable mainly to higher executive remuneration, higher management costs (+78.57 per cent) due to higher fees for agency services and higher financial costs (+208.51 per cent) due to reduced interest income.
The company built a business system based on white brands with four main modules of medicine, health products, Chinese resources, and pharmaceutical commerce, among which the drug plate is the company.
The company's drug board is based on white medicine, and on the one hand, it's pushing for product innovation.
Yunnan White (000538), reporting a relatively smooth mix of performance and wind departures, the distribution of a wide range of products, such as Yunnan White Mist, Yunnan Antiquant and Yunnan White First Aid Packages, and the construction of a comprehensive otc product layout: on the other hand, through a front-line marketing strategy, based on product self-diagnosis and everyday consumption properties, steady progress is being made on ip scene marketing, power vendor operations, etc.
Health plates: cross-border development, with toothpaste taking over the top of the country. Health plates are another growth pole for companies, with toothpaste growing steadily during the reporting period, with a market share rising to 20.1%, surpassing black toothpaste to the top of the country.
We believe that white toothpaste will continue to grow significantly in the future as the area of disaggregation opens up. The beauty collection series is another important breed of the company’s health plate, and reports that the internal product has been able to achieve brand upgrading and branding through initiatives such as the Italian Bologna International Beauty Fair, the Bologna Dow Market, and to contribute to the international expansion of the company. We believe that with the incremental opportunity of upgrading consumption, the company is expected to play the strategic idea of selling power-generating terminals through unique product exports and product announcements.
On 1 June 2019, the company’s incorporation of the combined white shares was completed, and the board of directors has now been elected. The mixed ownership reforms will take off from multiple companies: on the one hand, the company has developed a new equity structure, the company’s governance structure has become more marketable, and decision-making is more efficient.
On the basis of the new institutional framework, the company is expected to expand its product structure and industrial chain to achieve both endogenous and forward growth, continuously increasing profitability, and opening up a new round of rapid growth. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: White medicine is a century-old national brand that has sunk and has upgraded brand competitiveness through successful cross-border development.
By 2019, 2020, and 2021, the company is expected to earn 297,72,30.13 and 36,397 million, with a net return of profit to the company during the period of business restructuring after absorption and a recovery in core business performance that takes some time, and we move our investment ratings down to a “recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Yunnan Phenomenon (000538), reporting a relatively smooth mix of performance, completed the launch of the wind.
A nine-year experience in securities medicine and medicine, where you have been a core member of the new wealth team.
It covers the Chinese medicine field. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.