The new hope is that when a pig is farmed, he will buy back his own shares at a price of no more than $8 per share, either in cash or in other funds that conform to regulations.
1. Africa’s pig-pesting and restricted-transport policies have led to the acceleration of the de-eradication of backward production, which has led to large price differentials in the distribution areas, which have suffered from environmental constraints and the rapid expansion of production, the lack of access to pig production, and large backlogs that have resulted in large-scale deep losses.
In addition, the back-up of pigs and pig-breeding operations have been made impossible by the embargo policy, and the normal functioning of businesses has been severely constrained and passively degenerated. Overall, the African pigpest is lagging behind at an accelerated rate.
The elimination of production capacity, the decline in incentives for farming, the emergence of a stock/flow point (million shares) in the stock of pig-born and capable pigs in large-scale enterprises, and the entry of down-roads to the next year's prices as a whole.
The total market value/flow (million yuan)2 and the rising number of farmed stars are growing at a high rate.
To be bold about innovative and incentivizing farming models, large numbers of teams of university-based talent have been introduced and nurtured; the traditional areas of advantage, such as Etosan, Tsangxibong and Kawachi, have been integrated into their own self-sufficiency, and have been built around the sea, the Long Triangle and the Kyoto River.
"New Hope: The Show of Pig Growing, the Company's Farming, the Outgrower's Farmer Farming, and Three Models, which explores a unique new star as a result of local adaptations" -- 2018/11/06.
In addition to the rapid expansion of farming, around 2.5 million pigs are born each year, 350-4 million in 2019, and 2020, in terms of capital, land, talent and technology.
The new stars of pig-breeding are ready to rise, and big buy-backs and stockholders are growing, showing the company's full confidence in its future development and giving it a "buy-in" rating.
The price of raw materials may have a negative impact on the company’s performance in farming and feed plate operations, based on high growth in the company’s output, the overall price of pigs for the two years following consolidation, the forecast 1, the supply of feed raw materials and the price risk;
The outbreak of African pigpest, blue ear disease, etc. in the farming industry, has a greater impact on pig-breeding plates.
3. The abnormally volatile prices of pigs will have a greater impact on the profitability of the company’s piglets, which may not be as profitable as expected.4 Changes in the policy of the pig embargo may have a greater impact on the company’s productive operations.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Chossa: frm, Faculty of Applied Mathematics, Sichuan University; Master of Applied Mathematics, Nankai University; four years of research in consumer industry, three years of research by agricultural, forestry and fishing sellers; successive years of employment in Red Tower Red Land Foundation, National Sea Securities, Merchant Securities,
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report