Three-quarterly robust, non-recurring gains and losses affect performance - New Hope (000876), third-quarter report point evaluation 2018, New Hope, third-quarter report 2018, operating income of $19.171 billion in third quarter 2018,
This represents an increase of 19.26 per cent over the same period in the previous year, resulting in a net profit of $605 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase in income from three quarters of the main business, and a loss or loss on a non-recurrent basis.
Income grew by 19.26 per cent over the same period, although net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies decreased by 25.21 per cent compared to the same period last year, but net profits after deduction increased by 0.21 per cent, which represents a higher increase in normal livestock-raising expenditure in the third quarter than during the same period last year.
But the price of pigs was lower throughout the year 2018, and three quarters of the year was restricted by the African Porridge Oyang Woo Sword, which limited the increase in profits from the company's pig-bearing business. This increase in the number of deaths resulted in an increase in the death rate.
Losses in pig farming operations have resulted in the company ' s overall performance being hampered. Four quarters of the price of pig production continues to vary, with concern for regional price changes in the company ' s capacity to produce pig production. 52 cases of African pigpest were recorded between 5 August and 30 October, and prices of pig production in various parts of the country were marked by the embargo ' s policy.
In the short term, regional price changes will have a greater impact on the performance of listed companies. The company’s pig-producing capacity will be lifted, the outpouring will resume, and low prices for piglets will be reduced.
Marketing is the main business model, moving up and down, and is expected to become a large agro-pastoral enterprise with a multi-line, multi-branded business.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B building, in a way that uses legally compliant information, independently and objectively, to present this report. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be associated with this.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.