I can't tell you why I'm here.
Autonomous joint ventures combined, improved profitability as a whole Events description: companies issued three quarterly reports in 2020, corporate operating income of $23,060 million in the third quarter of 2020 and net profit to mothers of $884 million; corporate operating income of the first three quarters of 2020 was
High performance growth, with one-quarter non-net profit positive. 2020q3, motor vehicle sales by major beneficiary companies have continued to grow at a high rate, company revenue and net return earnings have all increased at a high rate, with a single-quarter deduction of non-net profit of $519 million, representing an increase of 183.52 per cent over the same period; operating income and net return by the parent have increased at a similar rate.
Since 2020, corporate ownership, co-generation, and a build-up of new vehicle product cycles have been expected to contribute to a high growth in automobile sales.
Market value of a share in circulation (billions): Growth in sales + optimal product structure and overall improved profitability. First, companies continue to lead the business and second, the company ' s multi-car model will be marketed in 2020, further refining the product matrix and optimizing the product.
The third is the firm’s enhanced marketing drive, improved marketing channels, improved profitability of its own business, and a steady increase in the profitability of joint ventures. By 2020q3, the company’s Māori ratio and net interest rates have increased, respectively, in relation to R&D costs, and are expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the firm’s core competitiveness.
The Department is actively developing new industries such as car intelligence, light-quantification, and is accelerating the implementation of the Bei Doo Sky Consort, and the "Shang Grilla" project. 2020q3, the company’s R & D costs are 832 million yuan, an increase of 141.58 per cent, and the company’s high-tech technologies are accelerating down, with the hope that the company’s technological advantages will be enhanced and the product structure optimized as a whole.
The company's core competitiveness has continued to improve at the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
Investment proposals: The company continues to build a classic model of automobiles and is actively moving beyond the 7-storey technology of car intelligence, new energy sources, light-weight centres, widening distribution channels, autonomous joint ventures and joint efforts, which are expected to enhance core competitiveness overall.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.