We're building high-end brands for Ninder, and high-end smart electric competition is just beginning.
The German era joined forces to create a brand of high-end smart cars, including a global leading, self-controlled smart motor vehicle platform, a series of smart car products and a super "human car owner" smart life and smart energy ecology.
One, a strong alliance, a winning coupon. Chang-Ann has a very deep car-building experience, a smart system that is pre-productive, and a well-deserved power cell leader in the Ninder era, and a combination of the three will start a new wave in the field of high-end smart electric power.
The potential for high-end smart electric vehicles is enormous. After the outbreak, Tesla, Uri, Ideal, and Pelican main vehicle sales have continued to be innovative, and behind this is the demand for consumption in the field of smart electrics, which is different from traditional cars, a breakdown of the market in terms of current supply and demand.
Competition for high-end smart electric power has just begun. The new forces of Tesla and domestic car-making are now the main players in the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) in the field of high-end smart electric power, and the supply is still relatively limited.
High-end brands are expected to be a new choice for consumers at the highest/lowest 12 months.
Chang An Car (000625) The strong growth in sales in the Red October, the marked difference between the consumer and traditional car concerns, the walls built by traditional luxury cars, and the emergence of their autonomy into the middle stream -- 2020/11/08
The base has been completely broken, autonomous brands are expected to open up brands and break product prices and goods.
D. Chang-Ann’s performance valuation faces a double-up opportunity, suggesting a focus. We expect Chang-Am to maintain a “buy-in” rating in 2020, 2021, net profit of $4.5 billion, and $6 billion. Profit projections and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report