The basics of alternative car and car parts have continued to be strong, not just the Chang Anhua incident: Chang An's November sales were announced, and the company's sales have been increasing at the same rate for eight months in a row.
High-end gravitational sequences continue to be in short supply. Unit-t sales continue to be around 10,000 in November, and end sales are largely similar to wholesale sales, and overall supply is in short supply and demand, highlighting the success of the first step of the Chang An brand.
10,000, of which the Plaus series is expected to be around 28,000, and despite the strong challenge of three generations of Hafer h6, 75pus is still much more innovative, highlighting the long Anggan product cycle of 5,363,4,803
Three, a sedan, and a small and medium suv show up. The sedan series sold over 20,000 in November and became a brand-new, autonomous sedan, 55, 35, medium and small, outside of Gillitello.
Chang An's car (000625) The combined volume of unisoned high-size suv sales for Ningde is over 20,000, and the whole series of long An's brands are full-blown.
-20/11/15 Chang An (000625) Red October sales have grown strongly, thousands more than ever before, and explorers, Lincoln, have increased their sales and become more structured.
Autonomy is emerging as a pillar - 2020/11/08, with greater profitability.
5. The fundamentals continue to be strong, not just Chang Anhua. According to the sales volume data for the month of November, the overall performance of Chang An is recovering strongly, and while the market is now more focused on the progress of Chang Anhua, there is a strong upward cycle of substantial long-term autonomy, and long-term joint branding.
The current valuation does not fully reflect this recovery. Yuan. Long An is a great investment opportunity for Davis, recommended by the Pacific Vehicle Sustainability Strategy.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report