Unilever built a professional platform for the Ninder era, perfecting the layout of high-end electric vehicle products.
On November 15th, the company announced that it would work with China, the Ninder era, to create a high-end smart car brand, which would include a global, leading, autonomous, smart motor vehicle platform, a series of smart vehicles, car products and a super-man-man-man smart life and smart energy ecology: the company would publish it all.
New technology architecture – Ark architecture. Cooperative China, Ningde era, professional platform to perfect high-end electric vehicle layout.
The company plans to build a specialized platform with China and the Ninder era that will improve the layout of high-end electric vehicle products.
According to information published by the company, the ark structure fully covers all models of a0-c, and is compatible with eight engine states with 1.2-2.0l, with 48v low-pressure mixing and high pressure.
Modified, plugged-in power forms match eight transformer modules with 16 power groups with a revenue structure (2020h1) pattern. At the same time, the ark structure has achieved the output of stage 1-3 conditional autopilots, the future.
The ark architecture is an important milestone since the launch of the new energy strategy, the Shangri-La Plan in 2017 and 2018, and the intelligent strategy, the Beidou Consort Plan, to safeguard the competitiveness of corporate automobile products.
Autonomous brands are selling over 110,000 vehicles in October, and the new product cycle is expected to continue.
Central cs75 series sales outpaced 30,000, and the vagabond series over 20,000, cs55 series, uni-t, and so on, with strong sales. The company plans to roll out 105 models over the next five years, including 23 new energy cars, with a new cycle expected to continue.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.