Performance meets expectations, business portfolios are recovering on a full-line basis Investment rating: buying (maintaining) companies publish the three-quarters of 2020, and companies earn $55.8 billion in the first three quarters of 2020.
• Business block full-line recovery, with a steady return to profitability, with a total sales of 540,000 vehicles in 2020q3 and a 34 per cent increase in the same year. For joint brands, 38,000 vehicles were sold in Chang Anford, a 72 per cent increase in the same year, and investments in a 2020q3 joint venture.
In terms of autonomy, cs75plus, vagabond plus, company prices compared to the 300-year-old trend, sales of unit have remained strong since the market, with more than 10,000 vehicles per month.
The rate is 11.2 per cent. The fall is 0.6 percentage points, mainly due to price increases in precious metals in the first half of the year and the continuation of the guaranteed-car cycle, multi-brand entry into the upscaling route, autonomy, cs75plus, vagabond plus, and un-t.
The company will gradually improve the product lines of the uni series and further improve the company’s overall competitiveness. At the same time, the long and secure new power platforms are on the market, further reducing the product’s output while increasing its competitiveness.
Ben, in turn, achieves flexible growth in sales and profits. In joint ventures, long-term Enfort 2020 pushes out a lot of heavy-pound cars, explorers, Lincoln brands, etc., and the layout of product lines will be even better, and sales will be made.
Yuan. Maintains the "buy-in" rating.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce and Finance (M.A.) in France, in electrical engineering and finance, in combination with a profession in finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain, using information of legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.