Quest-consumption car and auto parts management improvements will continue to be validated - three-quarterly reviews1 and self-employed bicycle profit points will be confirmed.
With about $300 million in gain, the company’s own brand is profiting at $200 million left, and the bicycle profit is positive, opening up a new pattern of autonomous growth.2 The value of the autonomous brand is higher.q3 companies are more competitive. q3 grew by 51% in the same season.
It is one of the fastest-growing firms in more than three quarters of size. In 2020, corporate ownership began a strong cycle, changing the past market strategy to price-for-value, and the public terminal price remained stable behind the high sales, which was extremely rare in the still competitive car market.
Total equity/flow (million shares)3
With high- and medium-end products such as Ken, Chang Anfort has achieved a sustained recovery in performance at the highest/minimum level for 12 months, and brand power is gradually recovering.
The product will continue to be imported, and the elasticity of Chang Anfort’s performance will become more apparent. New Beginnings, New Patterns - 2020/10/144 - will continue to be validated by management improvements.
Chang An Car (000625) "The new product cycle works hard, the product cycle and the sales cycle go up, but behind the strong product cycle is essentially the management improvement and the September sales are re-innovated " -- 2020/10/11.
The strong cycle, corporate product positioning planning, branding, channel management, etc., reflects a marked improvement in the long An (000625) " Pacific Auto Team " , which will continue to be demonstrated in the future.
Long An: Gravitation series has a high frequency of power, but high end is more than step and gravity - 2020/09/27 Investment strategy: three quarters start with a clear trend towards high-quality passenger cars.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report