Alternative car and car parts are on the right track to start a new start, new pattern Events: 3-quarter performance forecast for Chang An vehicle, projected net profit after q3-quarter deductions
1. Autonomy is symbolic. We expect that three quarters of the net profits of the company ' s self-owned bicycles have been reversed, and that the net profits of the bicycles will continue to improve as the model structure continues to optimize and the cost constraints of the previous period, such as spare parts, triple catalytics, etc., continue to dissipate.
q3 Ford Lincoln's high-end brand, medium-sized suv explorers, etc.
3. Behind the strong product cycle is the strong management cycle. By the end of 2019, cs75plus launched a long and secure new product cycle and up-to-date product cycle, but behind the strong product cycle, total market value/flow (millions)
This is a strong cycle of management improvement, with significant improvements in corporate product location planning, branding, channel management, etc., which will continue to be demonstrated in the future.
Intelligent, high-end, new patterns. The company's new high-end gravitational sales have taken a long-assed car: gravitational sequences have a lot of power, but high-endization has to be open-ended, behind which gravity represents long-term intelligence, high-end strategic initiatives.
More than step and gravity - 2020/09/27 - Capability, high-end growth will also continue to raise the level of long-term profitability, opening up a new starting point, a new pattern.
Ford high-end car sales - 2020/09/07 Chang An (000625) "Maximity-type not-so-season" car company, which we expect to make $4.5 billion net profit in 2020, 2021, and $6 billion net profit.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report