q3 performed as expected and the cycle of new autonomous joint ventures continued The company issued a three-quarter report in 2020, which generated business income of $558.4 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
23.8 per cent; net profit return of RMB 3.49 billion, an increase of 231.0 per cent over the same period; total operating income of RMB 23.6 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 51.3 per cent over the same period; net profit of RMB 880 million, an increase of 309.7 per cent over the same period; and performance of the expected results.
At the industry level, cars are expected to continue the upward cycle, there is a clear trend towards the concentration of autonomous heads, and companies are competitively competitive. At the firm level, autonomous brands such as cs75plus, vagabond plus, and joint brands, Ford sales continue to warm, and the cycle of new autonomous and joint ventures is expected to drive continued sales and performance growth.
q3 sales grew at a very high rate, with net profits being reversed. In the first three quarters, companies sold 1371,000 cars (+12.0 per cent), with autonomy (Gwangqing+Hongbei+Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Ang), Ford sales score not to increase by 20.9 per cent, 29.7 per cent, and Majda by 1.6 per cent, all showing far better performance than the industry average.
In the event of institutional changes, changes in salary costs, etc.; the cost of R & D is largely equal, the financial costs are subject to adjustments, etc. The return on investment is significantly increased, mainly due to the mixage of new energy technology companies and the sale of capsa equity; and the fair value change gains are substantially increased, mainly through transactions.
Changes in the fair value of sexual financial assets (in the Ningde era). Total non-economic gains and losses amounted to approximately $5.6 billion, sales of 54 million vehicles (+33.7 per cent), with autonomy, Ford and Madheda increasing by 50.6 per cent, sales costs reduced by $60 million (-43.4 per cent) resulting in a four-cost decrease of 4.9 pct and net return on investment
Autonomous branding has continued its strong performance since the second half of 2019, with a negative sales growth of 20.9% in the first three quarters, with car models such as cs75plus, un-t, and vending showing improvement.
The new car cycle is expected to continue, and platforming will help lower the Māori rate and promote improved performance.
In the first three quarters, Enfort sales grew by 29.7%, achieving a better recovery, explorers performed well, and business performance gradually lost. Initiating home-grown research and development will help boost product competition and long-term development.
And so the navigators and others are going to do, and the product lines are going to be rich and ready for further development.
We have adjusted our profit projections for 2020-2022 per year, taking into account the effects of industrial warming and non-economic gains and losses.
Longan Motors — 19q4 significant improvement in performance, Table 1 (20q1) New vehicle sales are lower than expected; 2) Car market competition is increasing and profitability is lower than expected.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.