Ports of transport shipping, non-financial companies valuing the q3 performance with the dollar exchange rate, and the oil spill to highlight the cycle value
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance)
As a result of higher exchange losses and a reduction in government subsidies received in the current period. 1) Tanker market: 2024q3vlcc market continues to be affected by the negative effects of the OPC+ voluntary cut-off, adding China’s imports below expectations, tanker prices are low, td3c route tce is averaged
Point, 57 per cent rise in the same year, but the weakness of the q3 good-lookout ship has led to less than visible growth this year; 3) Consolidated market: q3 cargo growth is not as high as expected, but main line prices are higher than they are for Ausimaa and intra-Asian routes, performance instruments Atlantic factors support oil dispersion fundamentals, Oec increases production or will increase oil transport elasticity: oil transport market: medium- and long-term
As you can see, there are fewer new ships on the supply side – the fleet is ageing – and there is a steady drop in effective transport, while demand on the demand side is expected to continue to rise as a result of a double increase in production in the non-opec (mainly in the Americas and West Africa). Despite short-term disruptions to trade watch and see, there is no change to the fundamentals of long-term upswing in the oil market.
If the oec returns, the equivalent of 152 ships vlcc will be added next year, equivalent to 3.2% of the volume of crude oil traded by sea. Limited supply side orders + environmental regulations limit fleet efficiency and sustain market rent levels. On the demand side, the Fed falls in the medium to long term.
The opening of the gas corridor, which is expected to stimulate demand for bulk and sea transport later in the period of interest reduction, will boost maritime demand from the distance of West Africa’s West West Mandu iron mine next October. Profit forecasting and rating: based on recent company performance and market performance, we have adjusted the profit forecast, and the company is expected to do so.
Appendices: A summary of financial projections shows my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.