The weak demand for oil for foreign trade has resulted in pressure on q3 to continue looking at the elasticity of prices under rigid supplies, transport and shipping ports, and the low performance of merchant ships in the third quarter of 2024.
Quarterly revenues of $19.296 billion were realized, i.e. +1.44 per cent, of which q3 received $6.061 billion, i.e. 0.48 per cent, and net returns to the mother of $3.369 billion, i.e. 10.35 per cent, of which q3 achieved a net return to the mother of the oil in June-August, with a low level of oil transport, drying and recovery.
The net profit achieved in the third quarter of the single quarter was $390 million, a decline of 28 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to delays in oil prices, which, according to Clarkson prices, represented 38 per cent of the average Vlcc freight cost for June-August 2024, a voluntary cut in OEC+ and a concentration of demand and supply due to weak import demand in China.
In addition, commercial ships are concentrated in drying, and the decline in operating days is a drag on the performance of the plate. The drying up of business performance continued, with an average value of the bdi index reaching 1871 points during the 24q3 period, an increase of 57 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $370 million, an increase of 75 per cent over the same period, was realized in the bulk shipping operations, driven by high shipping prices.
The exchange rate of the United States dollar has had an impact on both ends of the income and expenditure, and the reduction in government subsidies has affected the net profit. A decline of US$ 2403, or 0.8% of the exchange rate, has had a certain impact on RMB-calibre income and has led to an increase in currency exchange losses.
In addition, as a result of the United States dollar-based nature of ship financing, the company’s financial costs increased by $365 million, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period. In addition, 2024q3 included gains and losses in the current period in government subsidies. For the fourth quarter, demand for crude oil is still weak, with attention paid to changes in global crude oil production since the United States elections;
Focusing on the marginal changes in China’s fiscal policy to the demand for dispersed shipments. As of the end of October, Vlcc’s shipping prices remained low, slightly higher than the profit/loss balance of the shipowner, and the overall resilience and timing were lower than anticipated.
East’s attitude towards oil prices or the possibility of a potential shift, we still see the q4 season and the 2025 oil operations. Merchant ship (601872.sh)-q3 concentration towers affect the day of operation, waiting for the elasticity of the industry’s performance.
Recruiting Merchant Ships (601872.sh) - Merchant Ships (601872.sh) - Merchant Ships (601872.sh) - Merchant Ships (601872.sh) - Net Profits Over $5 billion in 22 years and Oil Dispersal in 23 years
The supply side of the industry remains unchanged, with vlcc predicting a cumulative delivery of about 3% in 24-26 years, old transport efficiency restrictions, and expectation of a double resonance of merchant vessels. Based on prices from the beginning of the year to date, merchant ships will be recruited for the third quarter of 2024, with weak performance.
(b) Figure 2: one-season operating income and speed increases for merchant ships (in billions, per cent) Figure 1: Merchant operating income and speed increases (in billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in the return of merchant ships to their mothers (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in the return of merchant ships to their mothers in single seasons (in billions, per cent)
The cumulative net profit realized in the third quarter of the year was $390 million, a decline of 28 per cent over the same period, mainly due to delays in fuel prices, with an average shipment price of $30317 per day per vlcc for June-August 2024 and an average shipment price of $48,769 per day for the 2-quarter performance period and a 38 per cent drop in the 0pec+ voluntary rate
The decline in production and weak import demand in China have led to a combination of weak supply and demand concentration. In addition, the concentration of merchant ships in manufacturing and repair, and the decline in operating days, have delayed the performance of the plate. Dry operations have continued to rise, with an average value of the bdi index reaching 1871 points during the 24q3 period, an increase of 57% over the same period.
The net profit realized was $370 million, a 75 per cent increase over the same period. In the area of combined transport, the third quarter of the shipment continued to be high, and the net profit contributed was $230 million, an increase of 33 per cent over the same period. The dollar exchange rate had an impact on both ends of the income and expenditure, and the reduction in government subsidies had an impact on net profits.
The decline of 0.8% affected RMB-calibre income and led to an increase in exchange losses. Moreover, looking ahead to the fourth quarter, demand for crude oil is still weak and concerns about changes in global production of crude oil after the US elections; and concerns about the marginal changes in China’s fiscal policy against demand for dispersed shipments.
A little above the shipowner’s profit-and-loss balance point, the overall rebound strength and the timing were lower than expected. But, considering the potential for a potential shift, we still look forward to the q4 season and the elasticity of the oil transport industry in 2025.
The industry supply side constraints remain unchanged, vlcc expects a cumulative delivery of about 3 per cent over 24-26 years, old shipping restrictions Author ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future