Global emerging market headlines, diversified business layout investment rating: buy-in (first time) • Focus on emerging markets, building an ecological model of “cellular plus amplification plus mobile interconnection”
The company focuses on emerging markets, with mobile business at its core, and adheres to a diversified strategic layout that, on the one hand, accelerates the upgrading of the products of smart machines through three major mobile brands: tecno, itel and infinix, expands the product-based business and mobile interconnection services to optimize the product structure and build long-term growth.
Yes; on the other hand, they are active in developing out-of-Africa emerging markets, with “channels and products” as their core competitiveness, taking up market shares, increasing large margins, and expanding profit margins. In the future, as the product structure rises, the scale of operations expands.
• Based on Africa, active in opening new markets and expanding profit margins, company prices compared to 300 deep, since the global economic recovery of 2023q4 has been sustained, the smart market in emerging countries has rebounded strongly, and the volume of goods produced has increased.
For high-market areas such as Africa, parts of South Asia, firms accelerate product upgrading and marketing strategies that are expected to pick up sales, driven by both the release of population dividends and the steady rise in the penetration of smart machines. At the same time, they are based on accumulation in Africa.
The emerging markets have taken the lead in developing new markets such as South-East Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East, insisting on localization strategies that actively build product-plus-channel differential advantage and boost market share.
The company publishes a folder +ai mobile phone to recreate the high-end image of the brand, while expanding its smart hardware operations, such as 3c accessories, home appliances, and storage, based on the high rate of smart machines, constantly upgrades the product structure and enhances profitability. In addition, smart machines are used to expand mobile interconnections for traffic entrances.
The new business model, which was actively laid out in the early stages of the emergence of mobile interconnection industries in Africa, “flow accumulation-flow distribution-flow realization,” provides a solid basis for long-term performance growth. Emerging markets are not expanding as expected, new businesses are not operating as expected, and market competition is increasing.
One emerging-market headline business, the “King of Africa” has moved to a full-blown Africa with a diverse strategy to create aiot biosphere, the “King of Africa's mobile phones” actively pursuing a regional + product extension strategy.
Founded in 2006, in 2019, and mainly in smart terminal design, research and development, production, marketing and branding with mobile phones at its core, three major brands of tecno, itel and infinix were operated under the banner. As the first Chinese mobile brand to enter Africa, the company started in 2006 from the markets of Nigeria, Kenya, and East Africa.
Year after year, Deep Farming has gradually become the “King of Africa's mobile phones” with the highest sales volume. In 2016, the company moved out of the global emerging markets of South Asia, South-East Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East, with rapid break-ups based on value-for-money advantages and the wealth of experience accumulated in lower-middle-end markets, increasing the market share of its products.
In 2023, high-end smartphones such as folders, i-phones were launched, and the extended class + high-end strategy injected new power into long-term growth.
Actively implementing diversification strategies. Building aiot loops around mobile phones, mobile phones, digital accessories, and mobile Internet services. Companies are actively implementing diversity strategy layouts around the three major mobile brands of tecno, itel, and infinix, creating digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sale service brands carlcare.
Multi-type smart hardware terminal brands. The company-owned mobile phone brands carry sound-sounding smart terminal operating systems (including hios, itelos and xos) based on the secondary development of the android system platform, as well as tool-type software such as application shops, game platforms, advertising distribution platforms and mobile phone housekeepers around the os operating system.
Many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Internet easy, telecommunications, are actively developing mobile Internet products in areas such as music, news, games, short videos, content aggregation, etc., and creating a “cell phone + home power, digital accessories + mobile Internet service” aiot biosphere that combines software, hardware, services, content.
Chart 2 “Mobile phones + domestic electricity, digital accessories + mobile Internet services” Business Ecomodel multi-brands strategy to build product matrices with three major handheld brands for different consumer groups: tecno, itel, and infinix. The company has differentiated the position of the different consumer groups, and has built up tecno, itel, infinix III.
Large cellular brands and rich product sequences. Among them, Tecno is a high- and middle-end product positioned in the middle class of emerging markets. It is dedicated to promoting cutting-edge innovative technologies and ii-driven new experiences that include smart phones, smart apparel devices, pens, electricity, tablets, smart game devices, heos operating systems and smart homes; and it's oriented towards the grass-roots level.
(b) Infinix is a cool technology brand for young people in emerging markets, containing smartphones, tws, laptops, laptops, etc.
Smart products, such as smart television, cover more than 70 countries and regions around the world. 1.2 Equity structures are centralized, core teams are experienced in overseas management, corporate equity structures are relatively centralized, highly tied to core suppliers.
49.64 per cent, jointly held by the founder of the company, Mr. Xiao Mujiang, and 37 other executives, of whom Mr. Xiang Yujiang held 20.68 per cent of the shares. As of 2024q3, the top 10 shareholders held 76.60 per cent of the shares, with a more concentrated equity structure.
And because digimocholdingslimited is a company's core supplier, UNDGO Mtk, we believe that the company's core supplier, UNDGO Mtk, continues to be highly tied to the company at the equity level, contributing to the development of the core technology of the company's products and to the stability of the supply of key materials.
The core team has a wealth of experience in overseas management, and the high shareholding ratio assures the stability of management. The company’s founder, Mr. Jiang, used to be Ningbo Boi’s Managing Director, the Managing Director of the International Operations Department, for overseas operations, with more than 10 years of overseas management experience.
Over the years, there has been profound rationalization and extensive experience with technology trends in emerging markets abroad, marketing channels construction, and product localization & production. By 2024q3, the five major employee holding platforms (speak investment, new residuals, etc.) together held 60.08% of shares, and the high employee holding ratio ensured managerial motivation and stability.
1.3 New market upgrade product structures with fast-growing performance contribute more than 90 per cent of performance annually, with smart machines being the main growth point in the company's mobile business. Most of the new market countries are now on the move to “functional machine-to-smart” and firms are catching up with industry trends to increase new markets.
In the future, emerging markets, where the price of smart machines has risen to provide firm fundamentals, are an important guarantee for the company’s long-term stability.
Figure 9 Percentage of corporate revenue structure Chart 8 Corporate revenue structure (millions of dollars) Emerging markets continue to expand and add up product structure and corporate profitability is steadily increasing. Companies build up in Africa.
Emerging market leaders and vast experiences have been active in opening new markets in South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America, and have continued to push for the upgrading of smart machines to higher-end and higher rates of harvests and Maori. Thanks to Africa’s more than a decade-long cultivation, firm products in Africa’s moat, and strong bargaining power, Māori rates have remained at a high level of over 27% in recent years.
Before, the Māori rate in the new markets outside Africa was much lower than in the big African markets, but as the companies expanded their efforts to open markets outside Africa, the advantages of localizing their products in the new markets and the advantages of channels would gradually emerge, brand recognition would increase, and Māori rates were expected to grow rapidly. Companies actively promoted the high-end of smart machines such as folders, i-phones, etc.
The layout, optimized product structure, boosted the growth of mobile phones, and increased corporate profit margins.
Figure 132023 shows a significant increase in the Māori rate in non-African markets. Figure 12 shows a steady drop in the cost of off-African markets as compared to the sustained increase, and operational efficiency supports the scaling up.
Localization channels are being built, management systems are being improved, company sales rates and management rates are all declining as the size of the collection expands, and cost rates are declining during the driving period. To maintain competitiveness of the product, companies are actively increasing their R & D investment.
At the same time, due to the company’s high performance across the supply chain, such as supply and sales, turnover rates such as company inventories, total assets, etc. Efficient capital efficiency reflects management’s deep understanding of emerging markets and excellent control capabilities, and supports effective corporate-scale strategies.
Figure 16 Inventory turnover between companies and comparable companies Figure 17 Gross asset turnover between companies and comparable companies
2.1 Emerging markets have high demand potential, smart machine development space, and strong growth in emerging market smart machines have driven global smart market recovery. Global smartphone end-use demand has been recovering since 2023q4 as macroeconomics continue to improve and pipeline stocks have been deconstructed.
Statistics show that, in the first three quarters of 2024, the slow pace of smartphone breakthrough technology and high homogenization of products led to a limited increase in the volume of exports in mature markets such as North America, Europe, and Great China, while emerging markets, which competed mainly in terms of price differentials, became an important driving force behind the increase in global output.
Figure 18 Global smart machine exports Emerging market smart machine penetration rates are below global averages, raising space. Depending on a combination of economic development levels, telecommunications infrastructure development, and power short-sensitivity, emerging market countries such as Asia and Africa have better intelligence penetration rates.
Gsma predicts that in 2025, the rate of penetration of smart machines in Asia and the Pacific/Latin America/CIS/North Africa in the Middle East/South Africa is expected to be high, with young populations and structures in emerging markets becoming a powerful safeguard for the penetration of smart machines. According to the United Nations World Population Prospects 2019 report, global population growth is expected to come mainly from emerging countries in 2019-2050.
The population of sub-Saharan Africa is expected to double, and the population growth rate in West/Central Asia/Latin America and the Caribbean is 46 per cent.25 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, well above the rate of 2 per cent in East Asia and South-East Asia/North America. Moreover, unlike mature markets, population ageing is increasing and emerging countries are generally young.
It also provides a vast ground for the spread of new smart machines and shortens their replacement cycles. Figure 21: Emerging market population growth rates; Figure 22: Emerging market population structure.
2.2. Consolidation of Africa's fundamentals and expansion of new market growth space 2.2.1 Africa: the need for a change driven by an increase in the penetration of smart machines and the construction of a “product-and-channel” core competitiveness
Africa’s smart markets have recovered strongly and are still growing steadily. With the easing of inflationary pressures and the continued release and aggressive supply of new products from major mobile brands, consumer demand was released in the first three quarters of 2024, with more than 54 million smart machines reaching 9.8%.
The improvement of communication & electricity infrastructure and the increase in consumer willingness to consume, and the trend toward the expansion of smart machines in Africa, it is clear, are still in the process of sustained growth. Inadequacy and high flow costs are key to hampering the penetration of smart machines in Africa.
With the adoption of policies and increased capital spending by operators, Africa will continue to see an increase in mobile communication networks in 4g and 5g, with a consequent reduction in flow charges, leading to an increase in smartphone penetration and an increase in corporate smart sales. According to gsma, sub-Saharan Africa's 4g network will reach 49 per cent in 2030, well above the current 32 per cent.
Promoting smartphone penetration to 88 per cent, close to the global average, with companies acting as headlines in the African mobile market, figure 261gb flow fees as a percentage of monthly per capita gdp (%) Figure 25 use of communication networks in sub-Saharan Africa
Channels+products build core competitiveness, enabling companies have an absolute market share ahead. Currently, the African region is constrained by multiple factors such as poor networking and logistics, underdeveloped digital capacity to pay, poor postal record-keeping systems (and difficult distribution), non-transparent information regulation (network fraud), underdeveloped electricity-marketing industries, and the distribution model of African intelligence.
Since its inception, companies have focused on African markets, and over a decade of intensive farming has led to the development of a large and well-developed multi-level distribution system. Broadly covered distribution channels are an important guarantee that the company’s mobile phone sales will increase.
Discrepancies in product design have led to a wider appreciation of the company’s products and a stronger market competitiveness than competition in the same industry. Companies have continued to capture the market share of other competitors by virtue of their accumulated advantages in terms of technological innovation, marketing networks, brand influence, user size, and after-sales services.
In the future, as the intelligence penetration rises, companies, as heads of companies, are expected to build on pre-emptive and brand advantages. Chart 27 constructs a virtuous cycle of “product-plus channels-markets”
After many years of development, the company has established a network of third-tier distributors in Africa, consisting of first-country, second-level provincial and third-tier terminal stores. Companies set distribution prices on a cost-plus basis, with a 30% mark-up rate for the system as a whole (with different rates).
In particular: (1) Companies increase the profitability of distributors by a reasonable increase in the rate of prices + high turnover + sales scale, and increase the brand sticky of distributors to companies. Because of the characteristics of African markets, distributors usually use small and multiple orders.
As a result, most distributors have a low overall stock level, which accounts for a smaller share of total purchases during the year, companies do not put pressure on them, and channel turnover is high. The high liquidity model is a key to the company’s barriers to the construction of channels, with low demand on distributors’ financial size and low cash flow pressure.
(2) Accompanies a strategy of downswing channels and mastering distribution capabilities. The company maintains a strategy of downswing channels, assists the distributors, while establishing a wide range of first-tier distributors, to keep the distribution network down, from the local two- or two-line developed regions to three- or four-line regions, to cover, to form a sound market distribution network that reaches a large number of small retailers, and to push.
Rapid growth in performance. At the same time, cooperation with secondary distributors and end retailers should be strengthened to keep abreast of and promote end-use sales through long-term day-to-day communication with priority markets, priority distributor customers and sales commissioners, together with timely access to first-hand market feedback and demand information, and to improve market accuracy and market competitiveness and marketing of product R & D upgrades.
In addition, local firms can better understand and service local market dynamics and consumer demand by recruiting large numbers of local salesmen to raise the level of localization of their marketing and research and development strategies. According to the WikiLeaks, the company’s local employees in the African region are about 5,000, nearly four times higher than their Chinese counterparts.
The company’s well-developed distribution network has boosted the company’s hands, increased its profits, increased its brand loyalty, and contributed to the stability and further penetration of its marketing network. After more than a decade of deep cultivation, the company has developed a wide-ranging and permeable system in Africa.
A strong, stable network of marketing channels, with deep access barriers, provides strong safeguards for companies to stabilize market access for cellular products, distribute household electricity, and expand their product-type operations such as Internet services, and to enhance profit-making space.
Level 1 dealer responsible for exchange and warehousing logistics centre construction (National)
Second-tier distributor, third-tier retailer, shop or couple shop)
Figure 31 Distribution of the income size of African market sound distributors (up to 2019h1) Figure 30 Number of African market sound distributors (up to 2019h1) Face-to-face user pain points, localizing technological innovations to build product competitiveness.
The leading R & D model is an autonomous innovation that seeks to transform popular science and technology into local products. As the first national mobile phone manufacturer to enter Africa, a company that has been rooting in Africa for years, it has a profound understanding and insight into African markets and user communities, has a strong capacity for applied technological innovation, and has actively introduced new materials, new processes, new technologies to upgrade mobile phones.
After years of accumulation, companies have developed deep-skinned photo technology, new hardware materials, big data user behavior analysis, os systems, and mobile interconnection services based on localization in Africa.
Through the collection of a large number of photographs of local Africans, the Division conducts facial contours, exposure compensation, imaging effects analysis, creatively locates through the eyes and teeth, while enhancing exposure, relying on infrared exposure and big data calculations to capture human faces, and the system activates automatic re-lighting and beauty functions for stymography, develops deep-skinned user skin models, and optimizes non-skinning.
In terms of battery charges, companies have installed large-capacity batteries on sub-national phones, and have launched 21-day-long waiting cell phones to address the renewal of African users, in response to the unstable power supply and the limited time available to them in parts of Africa.
In the case of sim cards, the cost of mobile phone use in Africa is high because of the small size of the network of each communication operator in Africa, which requires multiple operators to take charge of the network in different areas, and the high cost of inter-operator calls. The company’s creative launch of the “four-card-for-one” mobile phone significantly reduces the cost of mobile phone use for African users and boosts sales.
Mobile phone casings are resistant to corrosion. Because of Africa’s hot climate and the vulnerability of users to corrosion and contamination of mobile phone casings, companies have developed new regenerative fibres that are resistant to hand sweating, anti-dirty, heat-resistant and anti-heated fluids such as the Wesb port, which improves sweating and corrosion of cellular casings and damage to batteries.
Figure 32 Deep-skinned photo technology 2.2.2 Actively expands the out-of-Africa market, localizing strategies to boost the market share South-East Asia: Growth is bigger than the potential for high-performance game mobile phones in Indonesia
According to Canalys, the recovery of the smart market in South-East Asia was robust in 2024, with the first three quarters growing rapidly and yoys outpacing the global average, with 25 million yoys plus 15% of the 2024q3 outnumbering the global 5% increase, further widening the gap, indicating the region’s strong growth potential.
Increased digital financial services support consumption growth and will also stimulate high-end upgrading and output growth of smartphones. In 2024, soundings used South-East Asia as a new strategic market at the corporate level through a diversified mix of channels, face-to-face, active distribution of high performance & high-value products to less than $200 markets, enhanced detailed design of audio & photography, etc.
In 2024, the company released a new game flagship product, infinixgt20pro, the world’s first to support the trouper’s pubgmobile 120 frames, with a high frame ratio that greatly boosts the power of the game. The company’s strategy of deep localization is to focus on the user’s pain points and match them to the user’s use.
Preference, improved user-use experience leading to increased product differentiation competitiveness, is expected to replicate the African experience in remodelling the volume of sales.
(Viet Nam) Chart 36 Indonesian smart market patterns The Middle East is slowing down and Latin America is beginning to show results.
According to Canalys, as a result of falling oil prices, rising geopolitical tensions and summer vacations for foreign immigrants, who represent a significant proportion of the local population, the Middle East has slowed down the growth in the arrival of smart machines in the 2024q3 region, resulting in a 2% increase in the volume of 12.2 million yoys.
The market for smart machines in the Middle East will rise in a moderate way, influenced by multiple factors, such as increased volatility. Companies have been actively engaged in localizing channels since entering the Middle East, enriching the product matrix to boost sales growth, with the city holding the third highest position in the first three quarters of 2024.
As a result of the sustained recovery of the economy driven by falling inflation, the 2024q3 market for smart machines continued to grow at a high rate of 35.1 million, driven by a strong price of less than $200 over smartphones.
Youy+10%, the second-highest quarterly delivery in the region. With a wealth of experience and a high price advantage over smartphones at less than $200, the company has increased its channels and product layout and actively pushed the expansion of the product.
Colombia started with a new development of Latin American markets. 2024q3 sounds ranked fourth in Latin America at 9% of the city, and future developments are expected.
Figure 40: Smart cellular output in Latin America 3 upgrades product structure in search of new performance growth points, Internet services opening up a second growth curve
3.1 The layout folder raises the brand image, builds a wave of one's cell phones hugging one, and introduces a second-generation folding screen, one of the most advanced areas in the field. The folding screen cell phones, as a mobile product, have become a small, high-growth, segmented track in the current weak mobile phone market, according to Canalys.
In 2024-2028, it is estimated that 30% of capr's sales will increase to 51 million. The company is pressing industry trends and increasing the R & D layout of fold screen phones with a view to reshaping the brand's high-end image.
vfold25g and small foldsvflip25g further boost the high-end process of branding to meet the high-end needs of users. In addition, companies actively deploy advanced technological areas, explore new folding patterns such as three-folds, scrolls, etc., and launch related conceptual machines, demonstrating that companies have a deep, high-end technological reserve, and that high-end capacity is not negligible.
Diagram 42 is a big folding smartphone. Diagram 43 is a small folding smartphone.
Front-line technologies such as artificial intelligence, in-depth learning, provide personalized services and help to users to become customized “private assistants”, a trend innovation for the future development of mobile phones. Companies actively embrace the wave, take advantage of the natural geographic advantages of being based abroad, access top models overseas to build the ai function of mobile phones, and develop and refine diversity.
In March of 2024, the company pushed out tecnoaios on the Quasi mediatek day 9300-generation ai chip (using the pan-nuclear cpu structure to provide ai performance with the seventh generation apu790 processor), cooperating Google to introduce gemini.
Large models, full-scale upgrading of the ai capabilities of the phones under the flag into the high-end market. The core competencies of tecnoaios include: (1) customizing an ai helper ella, supporting multiple languages around the world, and personalizing services such as paper & pictures in different languages and regions, searching photos with a simple description and precision, etc.: (2) i enhances photography, and supports human likes.
The powerful achieves a technological breakthrough of deep-skinned to multi-skinned colours. It's possible for a person to be able to upgrade the use of mobile phones in a comprehensive manner, with the potential to increase the volume of single machines for high-value company cellular products.
Diagram 45, a mobile phone that supports the creation of images from simple sketches, 3.2 accessories, home appliances, storage capabilities, multi-species layouts, still in place, re-use of cellular channels, brand advantage 3c accessories, and rapid breakthroughs with African economies.
The need for 3c hardware, represented by tws bluetooth headphones, smart watches, bluetooth boxes, mobile power sources, vacuum cleaners, etc., has been gradually released. In the case of smart watches, capr is up to 12.17% in central and eastern Africa, according to statistics 2024-2029.
Quick, the market has great potential. For many years in Africa, companies have had a profound insight and understanding of local market developments and consumer demand, creating digital component brands oraimo as early as 2014, and promoting three major mobile phone items under the banner of tecno, itel and infinix gradually infiltrated the accessories business, using a well-developed network of channels, brands and brands.
According to Canalys, 2023q4 leads the African market of tws, where the market is very much ahead of the other producers. In our view, the 3c component is expected to contribute significantly to the company’s performance in the short term.
Increment, in the medium-to-long term, the company’s cellular biosphere in Africa has been formed initially, with deep brand barriers, laying a solid foundation for expanding high-value-added operations, such as Internet services, and facilitating the transformation of profit-making models. The size of the East African smart watch market in figure 46 (billions of US dollars)
Figure 48 Company 3c 's appliance business layout has a high demand potential, with forward-looking layouts for household power and storage. As Africa ' s economy rises, in recent years, African consumers have met the need to consume electronics, household appliances, etc.
At the same time, poor electricity infrastructure in Africa, unstable electricity supply, and low electricity access inhibits the release of domestic electricity demand. To capture the potential dividends of the African domestic electricity market, it boosts the penetration of mobile phone products in the company’s main business.
The company ' s horizontal distribution of household electricity and storage services enriches the product structure, enhances customer stickyness, and deepens brand barriers. In 2015, the Department created the home power brand syinix, and in 2023 it created a storage brand for families and small businesses.
Multi-branded product-level matrices, similar to mobile phones, cover different consumer groups. The company’s vast offline distribution channels, retail logistics systems, and in-depth collaboration with local distributors, provide a solid foundation for a company’s home-based business, and for storing new growth points.
Figure 51, Household Power, Storage Operations, 3.3. Based on the high penetration of smart machines, the potential profitable space for mobile Internet services is more than half-intelligent penetration, opening up Africa's mobile interconnected new blue seas.
The penetration of high-speed telecommunications networks, such as 3g, and lower flow costs, has reached 51% in Africa since 2022 and is on a fast-growing trend. Smart phones provide an important vehicle for promoting large-scale penetration of mobile Internet and the emergence of large-scale network applications.
Currently, more than half of the African region’s intellectual penetration rates have opened up a new era of mobile connectivity in Africa, but there are still large gaps between global average levels and market potential.
The company’s high-market share in the African smart market has accumulated a large number of users, bringing natural, sustained and stable sea-flow resources, and is an important building block for the company’s development of mobile connectivity services. Through high-quality resources within and outside the field, the company builds a global connectivity service platform to promote the public.
The Division's mobile interconnection business is developed. (1) Within domain, the flag cellular brands are equipped with a secondary, in-depth custom-based smart terminal operating system sounding os, including hios, itelos and xos. Around the sound transmission o, the company has developed tools such as application shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms and mobile phone managers.
Mobile Internet value-added services based on smart terminal operating systems soundos, such as pre-loading, distribution, advertising, pay materials/themes and localization of services, completed with tool-type applications, have become one of the company's important profit and growth points and core competitiveness: (2) extraterritorial: companies are deep-ploughing to build African localization services and content for self-research
The company combines Google, Facebook, Web Easy, Telecommunications, and many leading Internet companies, both within and outside the country, to create a multiplicity of jobs.
Among them, the music streaming media platform has more than 43 million active users, with 2 billion monthly singles, the largest music streaming media platform in Africa. The company relies on high market penetration in the African smart market, using smart hardware like smartphones as a high flow portal.
Applications that build extraterritorially two-way connections within the domain form a new profit model, "Change-flow distribution-flow realization," breaking the profit ceiling for traditional hardware sales. At the same time, corporate-wide smart hardware products, aai technology based on the top overseas model, are expected to generate more high-flow applications and open up long-term growth space for companies.
The emerging markets are not expanding as expected, new business is not operating as expected, and competition in the market is increasing. The Broad Fund Investment Department, etc., has eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in the present report, using legally compliant information, are made available independently and objectively. The information and information used in the present report are made available through the market. I do not have any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I have any assurance that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.