In the context of the current economic transition, the Bank of Peace responded to the times and developed a vast ecological chain of wealth.
The medium- and long-term strategic layout is dominated by three main lines: one is that retail transformation has accumulated customers and increased interest differentials.
The end leads customers through gold removal products, while the high-yield retail product matrix, coupled with the rising zero-sale loan ratio, continues to contribute to the increase in interest differentials. Credit card operations, through refined products and services, have led to a steady increase in trading patterns, and credit card growth is particularly valuable in the context of the unstable demand for mortgages.
After the resumption of public business, the development of public credit allows public loans to maintain good asset quality in moving to the new economy. At the same time, it deepens the complex investment that, on the one hand, real estate activity is weak, allows for direct financing of the new economy; and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, it can also provide high-quality bottom assets for private-sector products. Third, there is a great ecological chain of wealth, which helps in both differential and middle-income terms.
In view of the growth in the Aum retailing Bank, which is expected to remain at a higher level, under the confluence of the group. In the performance of the profit sheet, the interest income increases the ability of the deposits to settle and support the difference, while also helping the asset-end to reduce risk preferences and hence the cost of credit.
Managing co-development at both ends has a more amplifying effect on middle-income acquisition; in addition, off-the-shelf operations have a light capital consumption attribute that supports the light capital transformation of the Bank.
\triangleright Real estate risks are expected to slow down and retail assets quality is expected to repair opportunities. \triangleright
In mid-2022, Peace Bank (00001.sz) reported that, in a two-pronged manner, the real estate sector is expected to experience a cyclical recovery, which is expected to relieve pressure on the quality of bank assets.
With the optimization of policies to control the epidemic, the quality of retail end assets will improve steadily. Profitability will remain better than comparable counterparts, and the provision will remain adequate.
4. The Bank of Peace (000001) reported in 2021 that it had achieved a better performance than the comparable average. At the same time, with adequate provision, management breakthroughs were made and assets were of better quality than in 2022/03/11.
An improvement in the quality of assets, or space for performance release.
In the short term, the Bank of Peace is well-positioned and, with the gradual removal of property risks and the optimization of policies to control the epidemic, the quality of assets is expected to improve, and market performance may pick up. In the medium-to-long term, the Bank of Peace’s main line of growth is clear.
Given the light capital attributes of large wealth operations, divisions use the pe valuation method, and as the strategic gains of large wealth continue to fall, the dollar, on 8 February 2023, collects 0.7 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright Real Estate has not improved as much as expected.1 From deep to safe banking, from pro-publicization to retailing
1.1 Up to 2012: Deep development was achieved and the merger was re-established. In 2012, the former Bank of Peace + Deep Development = New Bank of Peace. In order to improve its comprehensive financial layout, the Peace Group, in 2003 and 2006, acquired the Bank of Asia in Fujian and the Commercial Bank of Shenzhen, respectively.
In 2012, the Peace Group completed the control of the Shenzhen Development Bank and, through further development, the New Peace Bank was established. 1.2 2012-2016: for the public, the quality of assets is in crisis.
In October 2012, the Vice-President of the former Min Seong Bank took over the post of President of the Bank. In addition, the Director-General of the Risk Management Department of the former Min Seong Bank, Zhao Jie-Shin, the Director-General of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Zhang Jin-soon, and the Director-General of the Ministry of Operations, Sun Xianlang, joined the Bank to manage risk lines, technology and personnel, operations and financial operations.
At the end of 2012, when the merger began, the Bank developed a “three-step” strategic plan for the follow-up. The first step was to build the foundation for retail operations by focusing on public business within three to five years. In addition, the Bank will be built in 2009.
The “Micro-Micro-enterprises Bank” is a key strategic positioning for the company and a rapid leap forward in micro-enterprise lending. With the arrival of the “Micro-Micro-Micro-Small” executives, the company’s operations are largely modelled on micro-business replication, the development of small business finance for the public sector, and corporate-type lending in favour of light manufacturing and commercial flows.
Small microroads have just improved, but they have gone through a macroeconomic search, and the quality of small and medium-sized micro-enterprise lending assets has declined dramatically. In 2013 and 2014, small-scale financial development made good progress, with small-scale microfinance products - the safe lending of credit cards and loan sizes growing better.
The crisis in the quality of micro-business assets has emerged as a result of the gradual decline in the rise in the number of customers and in the macroeconomic downturn. By the end of June 2016, the poor rates of small business loans and credit card lending had reached 5.46 per cent and 4.02 per cent, respectively. 1.3 A new management has been put in place to start the retail transition.
At the end of 2016, Xieyonglin and Hu Jiaofei became the heads of the Peace Bank, respectively. From work experience, Xie Yonglin had long served in the Peace Group and had developed further during the “two lines integration” of Peace Bank and Deep Development.
In terms of operational capacity, Xie Yonglin has served as a peace group for many years, from life risk agent to chairman’s secretary to peace.
Chairman of Ann Securities, grass-roots mobilization to business synergy is good; President Hu Jiao Fei is a well-developed old employee who has worked for years in deep-farming banking; Special Assistant to Director Choi, who is part of a large retail section, has 13 years of experience in Silicon Valley, and in 2016 proposed a full-scale transition to retail banking.
With the establishment of the new management structure, the Bank proposes a comprehensive transition to retail banking at the strategic level. By now, six years have passed since the retail transition, which will address business development needs, and strategic planning continues to evolve.
At the beginning of the retail transition, the issue of the quality of the assets was also addressed, and there was a decline in the size of public credit in 2016-2019 under the active exit risk asset policy. At the same time, the exposure and write-off of bad assets was increased, and at the end of 2018, the Bank of Peace made public loans.
By the end of 2019, there had been a sharp decline in the rate of public malpractice by the Bank of Peace, and a positive increase in the size of public loans, and the burden of asset quality, which was slowing down, had largely been removed.
Figure 6: Bank of Peace ' s balance of public loans and poor performance (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Bank of Peace ' s provision coverage and interest rate
2.1 Economic affluence: New Dynamics leads to new financing needs The “old dynamic” of real estate-based economic growth is weaker. In the real estate sector, since 2020, the “household-in-the-house” policy has been firmly implemented, and rising housing prices are expected to change.
The main objective of the policy round is to prevent the spread of real-estate market risks to the financial sector and to change the location of credit assets. Figure 8: Investment in real-estate development and housing start-up at the same rate as the current monthly value
At the same time, the new dynamic is accelerating. It encompasses both the high-end industries that have developed as a result of the new industrial revolution, such as manufacturing, specialization, innovation, and other emerging industries, as well as small and medium-sized enterprises and green industries, which are currently strongly supported by current policies.
Support initiatives targeting MSMEs, niche new firms, high-end manufacturing, and green assets have been highlighted several times in the Initiative, and new dynamics are expected to lead the way. And financial-market financing needs are changing as economies shift anchors.
Under the old dynamics, bank credit is deeply involved in the real estate credit system. In terms of asset investment, real estate itself is characterized by heavy assets, high reliance on bank credit, and a large proportion of banking-to-public assets end up in the real estate sector in the form of credit and non-targeting.
In terms of business models, the concentration of public business in the area of credit, inter-bank competition is evident in interest rates, price wars, and the combined gains after impairment losses are taken into account are lower. The need for financing for real economic agents is more diversified with new dynamics.
The long-cycle and volatile character of the banking sector, which is more dependent on capital-based financing, risk-based investments, equity investments, etc., corresponds to the co-optimal development of direct financing and capital markets. 2.2 Banking is in urgent need of transformation: equity is desirable for the development of the eco-linkages of great wealth.
Under the new economy, banks are going to break down, and business transformation is imminent. First, to deal with the problem of deposits at the end of the debt, and the failure of single credit at the end to meet the needs of the economy. In recent years, banks have been active in “two-way” operations with light capital and light assets, such as promoting wealth management at the end of retailing, developing investment banking at the public end, but not at all.
At the same time, the transformation of the banking sector has to be guided by incentives that vary according to advantages. State-owned large banks, with large sizes of assets, are capable of serving businesses of all types, industries, and retail customers.
In urban agribusiness, there is a strong sink, but it is better suited to deep-cultivated niche industries. The shares are in the middle, less networked than the state-owned and less sunk than the city-based comptoirs. To maximize efficiency, it is more important to aim for a segmented business track. For example, retail end wealth management or expansion develop a crowd of customers, or concentrate on private silver.
Wealth management increases the attractiveness, ultimately relying on product yield performance. The wealth management business directly matches the surplus funds of the residents/institutions and, if it is to increase their attractiveness to customers, upgrades their service levels and products.
Performance, which in turn depends on the exploitation and configuration of high-quality assets. Investing in banking is directly related to the financing needs of the real economy, with banks operating on the one hand to the development of the direct financing market and, on the other hand, the process of conducting the operations itself is in the process of excavating and creating high-quality assets and being able to go straight.
To promote the formation of the “quality asset-asset management-wealth management” chain, through the surface, retail to the public, and the ecological chain of the bank’s great wealth, it can help to achieve a virtuous circle of demand for social finance and the need to preserve the value added of the wealth.
After the integration of high-quality bottom assets to be targeted for performance, a new form of traditional credit that can generate high returns for wealth management clients has once again become a bridge between the supply and demand of social capital.
At the moment, markets are not yet fully aware of the timeliness of the strategic transition to a safe bank, as well as the dynamics of asset conversion. In the face of the times of economic transition, the banks are already well under way, and the road map to greater wealth is becoming clear.
The development of “private wealth” began to be the focus of retail business development. In 2020, the company restarted public business and made “complex investment” one of the five cards in public business. In August of the same year, the operational map for the development of large wealth and large-scale ecological chains became clear.
The development of private banks is the best option for safe banks to gain a share of the wealth management market. In the plundering of the wealth management market’s share, banks take different paths according to their own characteristics.
1) State-owned highways: State-owned big banks rely on the size and brand advantage of traditional businesses, such as e-business, which for many years have sunk retail customers far larger than other banks. But this path is characterized by a disproportionate share of deposits in aum structures, and a smaller share of real wealth management assets.
2) Share-stock banking trails: while stock-based banks can also operate throughout the country, the net is still less robust than the country, making their full retail customers significantly smaller than the state-owned ones. As a result, stock-based banks have been transformed into retail businesses, mainly by capturing the growing wealth management needs of Chinese residents, which are generally lacking in the current banking sector.
The contradiction between the ability to provide adequate services has given more energy to the ability to upgrade services. By the end of June 2022, the private bank aum of the Bank of Peace had contributed 44.8 per cent to retail aum, leading to an increase in the size of its wealth management operations in a way that is structured in favour of high-income assets.
At present, in the area of private wealth, the Bank has developed a well-developed system of customer stratification and a rich shelf of products. The Bank divides its clients into five levels of wealth, diamonds, privates, super-nets, top-level privates, and so on, depending on the size of the client's assets and his/her occupation, age, etc.
The product shelf is also designed to take into account factors such as the size of the customer’s assets and risk preferences.
In 2021, the Bank for Peace launched a new banking reform, the main expression of which was the creation of a new, separate wealth team, based on the sale of life insurance products, which combines the sale of complex financial products.
Sales are integrated into the sale of property, but the wealth customer manager does not specialize in the sale of insurance, and therefore the sales schedule is not good. And as the client becomes more aware of the market and plans for wealth, insurance is no longer just a piece of property, it is an important part of the customer's asset allocation.
Currently, a year after the launch of the new bailout reform, the new wealth team grew at a high rate in 2022, contributing to higher insurance revenues. In addition to its contribution to insurance production, the new team is 22h1 non-insured.
The harvest, which accounts for nearly 50% of the new workforce, is also growing into private and wealth-management businesses, but the Bank of Peace successfully drives the upgrading of its clients’ assets, attracts more new customers, and is more dependent on performance performance. The main logic behind the product’s performance is the creation of a market-friendly one.
A new platform created by wealth management products. In August 2020, it was opened, and more than two years have passed since it was established, taking over the mother’s property and taking over the property.
As of the end of January 2023, there were 391 public and 329 private products sold or maintained. The biggest difference between finance management companies and past banks is that they are now almost “clean-up” in the context of the new rules governing the transformation of net value management.
Net value management tests the ability of institutions to operate on products. Currently, there are questions in the market about the weak capacity of banks’ financial subsidiaries to invest, the competing interests of transformed property and public funds, and the need for products to be more competitive in terms of returns if they are to be made more competitive in the market.
In the back of interest rate marketization and Internet finance, the bank’s interest-rate spreads have been squeezed and shrunk, and the harvest has become the new hot ground for the bank’s current competition.
In addition to selling powerful wealth management operations, a number of banks have started to expand their investment in the public sector, and the Bank of Peace has been able to support the expansion of its operations with significant advantages from the complex investment of the Bank of Peace. On the one hand, large shareholders have been empowered to help create a competitive system of differentiation.
As of 22 q3, the share of the Peace Group of China and its controlled subsidiary in the Safe Life Insurance Bank was 57.94%. Figure 23: Structure of the Equity in the Safe Bank as of 22 q3
In addition to the Bank of Peace, there are financial subsidiaries such as insurance companies, trust companies, securities, equity funds, and the Fund of Peace, so that the Bank of Peace can build on the Group’s full financial licensing advantages, such as bonds, trusts, insurance, etc., and break through the Group’s integrated financial and complex investment mechanisms.
On the other hand, banks are the only source of account within the group. Peacebank has a strong team of public customer managers.
A fully integrated system of accounts can be the lead implementer of group-invested resources and the source of final funds, so subsidiaries can interact with banks for account resources. A high-quality product with an advantage in yield is based on asset-end endowments.
In the course of traditional credit operations, banks have trained more on the investment capacity of fixed-income-type assets. And, since the start-up of the public business in 2020, the Bank has been able to develop complex investments that can tap into or create high-quality finance.
Assets, which are expected to support future advances in asset allocation capacity, will form a virtuous conduit for client satisfaction with the performance of the investing business - good asset-asset management - wealth management.3 Performance growth backbone: retail transformation, public restart, ecological chain circulation
The next stage of the Bank’s growth logic revolves around this great ecological chain of wealth. First, each of the separate lines of business in the Great Wealth ecological chain has its own growth logic. The retail transformation has settled zero customers, made alum, and provided a good base for the development of wealth management.
The ratio of high-yield retail credit raises the overall rate of return on the asset end. Credit operations in the form of industry banks can reduce credit costs to a certain extent after a public reopening; and complex investments can absorb low-cost public deposits at the same time as receiving fees and commissions.
In terms of interest income, the ecological chain of great wealth leads to an increase in retail storage of deposits at both the public and public ends, which effectively reduces the cost of indebtedness, while also helping to lower asset exposures and lower credit costs.
On the non-interest income side, when a combination of retail and public lines has been established, it has created a conduit from high-quality lower-level assets to high-yielding private-sector products, thus opening up a public-private route to increase the growth of the wealth stream.
The impact of speed; on the other hand, the structure of the revenue collection has tended to favour fees and fees, which has also reduced the size of the capital.
The size of large retail aum increases the ratio of high-yield retail credit to non-interest income: complex investment
Interest income: Low-sink value mutually reinforcing with wealth management, public deposits + high-yield retail sales
Loans = low cost, high return zero, public reboot: acquiring fees and commission income
Precipitation is low for public deposits, and development of large wealth management is not only a pre-position for the economy, but also a necessary way to close the gap with the recruitment bank.
By comparison, the key improvement in the bank’s growth is lower indebtedness, higher asset quality, and a better share. Thus, the development of the eco-linkage of large wealth is in line with the immediate needs of the bank, contributing to the formation of a long-term stable, higher-than-high-high-level roe.
4 Retail Transformation: Accumulation of Clients, Growth of Interest Discharges 4.1 Retail Launching: Assets to Raise Liabilities, Interest Raises, Top Clients Reviewing the early years of Retail Transformation, Safe Banks adopted an Asset-Embracing Aum (lum-led aum) approach
In 2016, Peace Bank started a retail transition compared to the firm ' s stated desire to develop retail as early as 2004. It did not have an advantage in settling high-quality retail customers in the form of a time war. But Peace Bank has a short-distance group flow, which allows it to take advantage of assets in the early stages of the transition.
Credit investment to build retail brands to absorb money from retail clients is also a breakthrough in line with its development needs at the time. Retail lending has shown remarkable results, and consumer finance’s three top soldiers’ leadership credit has increased.
First, the size of the Bank of Peace retail loans rose rapidly, with retail loans and public loans distributed initially by the end of 2017. Structurally, the three top players in consumer finance – credit cards, new loans, and automobile finance – were the main products that led customers to enter.
The positive effect of the asset-led transformation of liabilities has been a clear benefit to the performance growth of Safe Banks. The net interest gap has recovered significantly since 2018.
Since then, credit cards have grown in size, while special loan varieties, such as consumer loans, business loans, and car loans, have improved product shelves for different groups of customers, resulting in differentiated pricing that has effectively boosted retail lending returns. Peacebanks began to push down low-yield micro-enterprise lending in 2016, with negative effects on net interest differentials.
In 2017, it continued, but as retail lending grew, it helped to support the net difference, and since 2018, the net bank balance has been back in the upward spiral. (2) Aum is growing at a high rate, and retail customers are on the rise.
Retail loans successfully ringed Peace Bank retail business signs and, as of 22q3, retail customers had reached 124 million; retail aum increased rapidly between 2017 and 2020, at a similar rate of 4.2 credit cards: the ratio was higher than that of peers and the volume of transactions increased at a remarkable rate.
Credit card operations are the most direct way to reach retail customers. Since 2019, China’s credit card openings have begun to slow significantly, and the credit card market has gradually begun to move into an era of stock competition.
In a retail transition, the credit card business grew rapidly. At the start of the retail transition, Peace Banks established a “credit card-led debit card” strategy, with credit card operations as a priority. After six years of transition, the volume of credit card flows to Safe Banks grew to 70.8 million of 22h1, with credit cards distributed throughout the country.
With the increase in the volume of cards, the size of credit card receivables has been increasing, and the proportion of credit card loans made by safe banks in retail loans has long been higher than that of equity partners. Post-epidemic credit card asset quality, market demand, or opportunities to repair.
The impact of this has been a slight increase in credit card bad rates, and as the disease control policy is gradually being optimized, the cost of social production is being repaired and the quality of credit card assets is expected to improve steadily, while the recovery of consumption will also provide a favourable environment for credit card operations to grow.
Credit card resilience is particularly valuable in the context of the precarious demand for mortgages. In recent years, under the shadow of a policy of regulation in the real estate sector, mortgage lending needs have been more volatile, resulting in a gold-free credit sector dominated by SCI cards, which has led to resilience in the growth in the size of retail credit.
In the face of a slowdown in credit card growth across the market, the market has moved from winning customers to fine-tuning business competition. For the next step in boosting stock demand and exploiting the potential value of stock customers, the Bank of Peace “takes stock markets as an incremental market.
Camps, which enhance the sophistication of the customer base. In the case of credit cards that lag behind, the Bank of Peace makes a big deal by making products, services, and relying on the support of the group in terms of its ecological background, technology, etc., to attract customers in different directions.
Two ten-dollars a month for Kyoxi/Kyoto shopping, over half a million cards in the first half of 2022.
Less, monthly payments can be made, and the gap between the number of bank credit card transactions and the number of company banks is narrowing. The results of the bank’s deep-seated credit card operations can be seen in comparison with the recruitment, with the year 2017 being the first time that the bank’s retail transition has taken place.
A full year is also a turning point in the comparison of two lines of credit card data. Since 2017, the advantage of a relatively safe bank has gradually expanded in terms of the number of credit card cards, but the difference in the amount of credit card transactions has declined.
5 pairs of public reboots: Embrace the new economy, contribute to wealth, 5.1 industry banks: re-open new credit operations in a business-oriented manner, and new credit flows to banks.
In the context of the strategic transition to retail trade, it is safe for banks to make new loans each year, mainly in retail loans, and to invest in public credit on a relatively small scale, which makes it all the more important for investors to be selected. Public credit investments are also moving from traditional areas, such as real estate, to higher ends.
Developments in the areas of manufacturing, specialization in new finance, and green finance, with new requirements for bank credit clearance. Focusing on priority sectors in a research-based manner.
In support of manufacturing finance, for example, the manufacturing sector has a wide range of industries, and safe banks are able to take full advantage of the sector’s banking advantages and provide strong support for the country’s strategic priorities and production-oriented subdivisions.
At the same time, the quality of credit assets is better controlled by industry studies. For the higher share of public goods, wholesale and retail trade, social services, and manufacturing loans that are constantly moving to higher ends, the negative rate is 5.2 complex: the group's watch is used as a large bank.
In the form of a group, a large bank can make a complex investment. The peace group has a large amount of insurance funds that require the allocation of capital, while banks have direct access to a large number of public customers and have a certain asset recognition capability, so that banks can contact the group for insurance funds through subsidiaries such as peace securities, trusts, etc.
For example, it is possible to maximize services to clients through the use of group resources in a low capital occupation mode. Figure 41: Scale of financing (billions of dollars) by the Bank of Peace to other affiliates of the Group. What are the benefits that banks can derive from complex investment operations?
From the point of view of strategic services, the Bank for Peace deepens its complex investment operations, which, on the one hand, allow for direct financing of the new economy. After a low level of real estate activity, the new economy, represented by high-end manufacturing and so on, is preferred.
On the other hand, investment can also enhance asset allocation capabilities for wealth management. The growing size of banks, the transformation of net worth, and the development of private wealth all impose greater demands on asset allocation for property.
Demand, too, can drive the virtuous circle of the eco-chain of wealth management. From the point of view of performance contributions, first of all, banks can maximize both the benefits and the benefits.
The multiplier effect is more pronounced when compared with the six-monthly increase in public loans in the corresponding six-month period of complex investment, with less credit in the form of a lower capital appropriation. And, in terms of returns, investment in the industry can also generate an increase in the amount of money received by banks.
At the same time, banks can return to public deposits. As the only bank in the group that has a complete system of accounts is a gold-mixed license, all the financing of the investment projects will be converted into deposits in the main account and will eventually be deposited, significantly faster than public loans, and the size of public deposits and loans will continue to grow.
Six great fortunes: from the bottom to the bottom, full contribution to revenue collection: 6.1 wealth management: the market is wide and the group is very well placed to sell aum retail at Peace Bank is at a high rate of expansion. The Bank proposes three years in 2021.
There is still a large gap between the Bank of Peace and the Bank of Recruitment, which in 2024 was only equivalent to the Bank of Merchant in 2015. But the Bank of Peace is growing rapidly, with the Bank of Peace zero in 2016-2021.
On the one hand, given the changing structure of the population’s asset allocation, the size of the wealth management market as a whole is expanding and the market space is adequate. On the other hand, the Peace Group is able to sustain the growth rate.
A new round of developments in wealth management market demand will be catalysed by changes in the asset allocation structure of the population.
The allocation of financial risk assets is the real demand for wealth management institutions, and the ability to service them is a test. Over time, a small proportion of the wealth of the population is invested in financial risk assets, but this small scale, driven by the growing wealth stock, is also reflected in the larger absolute scale.
Residents’ asset allocation structure may gradually shift to financial risk assets. Most of the assets of past residents are invested in real estate-based physical assets, with less investment in financial assets and no risk in them.
The risk-free rate is decreasing in the context of continued market-based reforms of interest rates. For residents, “lower risk, higher returns” assets are scarce, and the population-to-finance climate is characterized by a shortage of assets.
Banks have a number of advantages, such as accounts, channels, etc., to manage their wealth. In carrying out their public fund-raising operations, banks are able to gain a larger market share by virtue of their own advantages.
Existing advantages, among the next opportunities for changes in the structure of the population’s wealth allocation, pre-empt capacity-building, making it easier for other wealth regulators to access market opportunities.
Back to back with a large system of peace groups, it is the safe banks’ most powerful competitive advantage. At present, the banks are safe, although they still have weaknesses, but the groups have ample resources, waiting for the banks to go to their banks, and, first, the group guides bank customers with the will, the space, and the means to do so.
First, bank executives are able to leverage their resources within the group to boost the group's willingness to channel its resources to the bank. Mr. Xie Yonglin, President of the bank, is also the chief executive officer and co-executive officer of the group within the Chinese company, while the two major professional committees for operations, the “Golden Club” and the “Golden Council”, are under the overall responsibility of Mr. Xie Yonglin.
Second, there are differences in the size of the group and interbank clients, and there is room for transmission. As of mid-2022,
The group has close to 230 million clients, of whom only 70 million overlaps with the bank, and a large number of clients remain unconverted, with sufficient guidance space. And the group has 220,000 high net clients, with larger clients at the private level, compared to 75,000 private clients and private clients.
In addition, there is a path for transmission. If Peace Group Consolidated Finance is compared to a rich gold mine, then the group’s life insurance agents are pushing for cross-selling, helping banks to dig for gold.
22q1-q3 accounted for half of the growth in the number of private-sector clients and retail aum, while, with regard to group life insurance agents emerging from the crisis, it was mainly the low-yielding sector that did not perform well, while the retail business of banks was now more focused on digging and operating stock customers, and thus on banks.
First, the group invests far more than a single commercial bank. Financial science and technology has a significant scale effect.
The plan for 2020-2025 is to invest a cumulative $100 billion in financial science and technology, and higher investment means building stronger technologies that, in the long run, will reduce the consumption of human resources by wealth management operations, improve the efficiency of services and effectively reduce their performance, and what has the Bank gained in the years of the transformation of wealth management?
The first is the steaming up of the size of the business. Since the retail transition, the size of the safe banks has been increasing, and the size of the retail customers has been improving.
On the one hand, the development of the wealth management business has generated a significant gain for the safe bank, with a high level of contribution from the wealth class in its fee-paying and commission-earning structure. On the other hand, it has been possible to sink personal deposits in business processes such as finance, sales, etc., thereby reducing the value of the safe bank.
And then, along with the virtuous circle of the ecological chain of great wealth, there's a healthy cycle of co-optation.
Growing and accelerating, working together on the two lines of public and retail trade, truly achieving a path from high-quality bottom assets to high-yielding private sector products, naturally getting a larger share of the market in the growing wealth management market. And a larger scale of finance, in turn, can support complex investment to provide firms with a larger volume of uniforms.
The ability to capture and deposit deposits at both ends will be further expanded. At the expense of the cost pressures on the end of the liability, on the one hand, the asset end also reduces risk preferences and strongly supports lower credit costs, and, on the other hand, the use of lower-cost retail credit to support higher returns on public deposits for credit operations.
It helps to create a “high-rate spread, low-risk” model of credit. By opening the table, and by going to public retailing, interest income is received from it to credit costs, together helping to levelle the bank’s stable roe, which is gradually becoming a high-level retail bank.
7 Property risk is expected to be mitigated, post-disease retail asset quality rehabilitation 7.1 vs. public: property risk is expected to be mitigated
After that, the Bank proposes to restart its business. Drawing on the lessons learned from past developments, in a new phase of public business development, the Bank proposes to use sound asset quality as a “lifeline” of its business.
The greatest concern about the quality of public-end assets is still in real estate, but the quality of its stock is good.
By the end of September 2022, the Bank had a poor rate of 0.72% for public real estate loans and 0.23% for mortgage loans, all below the overall level of poor lending.
As compared to their counterparts, as of 22H1, the rate of bad loans to public property by the Bank of Peace was also relatively warmer in the publicly listed stock houses, and real estate pressure was expected to subside. The main disincentive to the valuation of the stock bank was the risk of the entire real estate industry. But in the first three quarters of 2022, real estate sales policy was so hot that it worked to connect housing companies.
From marketing to production chain finance chain; policy guidance on property financing since the fourth quarter, several banks have entered into intended financing contracts with home firms with political support, which has significantly boosted market confidence, and the real estate sector has been retailing the bank board 7.2: post-disease recovery offers opportunities for repair
The quality of retail assets at the lower retail end of the epidemic fluctuates slightly. The quality of retail credit assets at the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank of the peace has remained relatively good for many years, with 1.23% of retail loans at the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank of the bank as of 22q3.
The increase was also partly affected by the adjustment of late points since 21q4, i.e., the increase in the rate of badness to some extent includes recognition as figure 60: The recovery from the disease has created opportunities for repair. Since December 2022, a number of different parts of the country have been published to optimize the control of the epidemic.
The programme, which is expected to lead to a gradual recovery in consumption as the control measures of the epidemic are optimized, is expected to lead to a return in retail lending patterns and repayment capacity, leading to a steady improvement in the quality of retail assets.
Badness is becoming more stringent. Despite a slight increase in the retail end-of-life rate, the overall rate of poor lending has remained stable and, in terms of the ratio of overdue 90+/unperforming loans and overdue 60+/unperforming loans, the criteria for determining bad bank lending have become more stringent and the quality of assets has become stronger.
The Bank of Peace has been at a low level since 2020, and although there has been some improvement in the rate of concern, the company plans to make full provision, the provision for non-performing loans has reached a high level of 290%, and there is an overall upward trend in the coverage of the broader (unperforming + concern) loan provision.
Risk offset capacity is strong enough.8 Performance is better than comparable counterparts, with 8.1 profitability ahead of average.
Since 2018, the same-year growth rate of safe banks has been higher than the comparable average, and the gap between advantages has widened. Driven by good performance, the consolidation of the assets of the Department has been robust, and the return net profit has been significantly better than the comparable level of peer growth.
There is still a gap between the safe bank and the recruiting bank, but it is based on parity.
With the deepening of the ecological chain of the Bank’s great wealth, the contribution of the middle income of light capital attributes to profits is expected to increase step by step, building on the powerful differential advantages of the Peace Group’s empowerment, and the level of safe banking roe is expected to continue upwards and gradually narrow the gap with the recruiting banks.
8.2 On a public low-cost basis, retail returns are high, and interest differentials lead. The asset-side yield advantage leads to a high level of net interest differential. As of 22h1, the safe bank net difference was 2.76 per cent, ranking first among the comparable listed equity lines, of which 4.86 per cent of interest-bearing asset yields tops the net interest margin.
In the case of public renewal, the size of the loan is maintained during a period of low retail sales. The Bank of Peace has been restarting public relations since 2020, and has been structured to invest heavily in such priority areas as manufacturing, specialty and innovation.
Loan growth has been weak, and has contributed more to the increase in public loans. While the rate of return on public loans is slightly lower than on retail loans, it is still more favourable than on other interest-bearing assets, with high investment in public loans, which support the higher share of total loans in interest-bearing assets, thereby stabilizing the rate of return on residential assets.
The downside cost of the liability also contributes positively to maintaining interest differentials. While the rate of interest-bearing liabilities of 22H1 SWIFT banks is still significantly higher than that of merchant banks, overall trends suggest that the cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities of SWIBs has been falling since 2019, “negative” to their net difference.
Figure 73: Cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities of the Bank of Peace 8.3 with greater potential for growth, and in addition to traditional credit operations, the Bank of Peace has fully gained access to the vast ecological chain of wealth.
Middle-income support from wealth management operations, coupled with complex investment in public-led trading banks in recent years, has created new space for further growth. Peace banks are ranked ahead of comparable counterparts, reflecting the ecological chain of great wealth.
As the ecological chain continues to strengthen operations and retailing strengthens public synergies, the potential for growth in the middle will become even more visible.
1 - Speed of increase: As a national integrated equity bank, and as a retail transition strategy, there is a strong, public reboot, credit and asset expansion. We predict a 22-24-year loan, net interest differential: assets, active adjustment of the debt structure, reduced net interest differentials, and low growth.
3. Non-interest income: at the retail end, the Bank of Peace has vigorously developed its wealth management operations, with complex investments in the public end.4 Quality of assets: the quality control mechanisms of the Bank of Peace have been improved, and asset quality indicators are expected to continue to improve.
Since 2020, retailing has moved into the second phase, with a marked overall increase in valuation levels since the focus on wealth management. But since July 2021, the People’s Bank has reduced deposit reserve rates, property risk exposures, poor capital markets have led to low wealth management operations, an outbreak that has hit retail credit demand and asset quality.
Under multiple shocks, the Bank of Peace’s valuations have been declining, dropping to 0.6 times pb in October 2022, and the current layout prices are high. Real estate policy has now moved from marketing to financing, outbreak control policies have become better, and two major disincentives to the Bank of Peace’s valuation are being weakened, and the retail transition strategy of the Bank of Peace has continued.
It's a good opportunity to reboot. Because traditional credit operations in the chart depend on the size of capital, and the capital of the bank is risk-resistant.
The pb valuation method is more appropriate. In the light of the above, the branch valuation is used for Peace Bank.
In the case of off-the-shelf operations, it is calculated, excluding bank cards and post-liquidation fees and commission income, as income from wealth management and complex investment operations (i.e., large wealth management operations) at a cost of 28.3 per cent.
Compared to (reference to BSB ' s 2021 cost-earning ratio), 25% of the income tax rate calculates net profits. Considering the expansion of the wealth management market and the concentration of demand on head agencies, BBS has been able to make a significant contribution to the market with group resources as a back-up, and also considering the management of wealth.
In the short term, the Bank is well equipped, and as property risks are gradually eliminated and the disease control policy is optimized, it is expected to increase by 15%, with a 15-fold valuation of the potential net profit from the Bank’s large wealth management operation, which is worth $142.6 billion.
In the medium-to-long term, the Bank of Peace has a clear line of growth, zero.
The light capital attributes of business, the division using the pe valuation method, the valuation space is 0.7 times 22 years pb on 7 February of the year, and is still below the retail transition leader bank, with an investment value ratio and a “recommended” rating.
1. Over-expected macroeconomic fluctuations: economic growth is subject to a certain downward pressure due to the external environment and domestic demand, the demand for credit from residents and enterprises is weak and the expansion of the sector slows down. 2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: it is affected by changes in economic development, changes in customer demand, etc., and there is no safe banking.
The pace of the sales transition may be at a loss.3 Capital replenishment is under pressure: the systemic classification of important banks imposes higher requirements for capital adequacy, changes in the recognition of bank capital supplement investments in the municipal arena or increases in capital supplementation pressures.
4) The improvement in the real estate sector is less than expected: support factors such as industrial policy location may affect the quality of bank assets if the process of improvement in the real estate sector is less than anticipated. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.