China’s Peace Group controls the Bank for Peace’s sake.
Shareholders, in the areas of customer resources, integrated finance, technology, etc., give precision to Peace Bank: 1 s03405180001, which is a large base of the Peace Group ' s client base and is conducive to the exploration of high-quality customer resources by Peace Bank; 2 Ping
The Bank of Ann EtoCoopers has created a comprehensive financial advantage; the third is that the Bank of Peace has been able to provide financial services with the benefits of the Group's technology. The quality of the Bank's operations has been steadily improving, with the net profits of the first three quarters of 2022 rising to the top of the list, and the annual weight of the roe (net return on assets) has been higher than in 2021.
The retail operations of the Bank play an important supporting role in revenue collection and net profits, including the three main operations of “basic retailing, consumer finance, private sector wealth”. (1) Basic retail operations: a solid base, holding.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides and the consumption scene recovers, the trend towards a return to consumer finance becomes more clear. The safe banks account for the highest share of consumer finance loans in the list, and they will benefit more than the banks listed.
The main data is the restoration of retail demand after the epidemic of 15 February 2023. (3) Private wealth business: companies develop new energy.
In the long run, there is a great potential to grow in the wealth management business of the Safe Bank. Since then, low real-estate sales and industry risks have been exposed, and the market’s concern about the estate-related assets of the Safe Bank has increased, which is one of the main reasons for the suppression of the value of the Safe Bank.
Credit risk is relatively manageable for housing-related operations, real estate venture projects have been put in place to disposers, real estate industry benefits have been put in place to speed up landings and improve the quality of safe bank-related assets. (2) Unsatisfied retail end creates pressure.
Increases in employment and income, gradual recovery of repayment capacity, effective stimulus to consumer dynamism and consumer willingness, expected pressure from poor consumer lending in 2023 will be mitigated and expected risks from retail sales will be realized; inadequate real estate recovery is expected to result in weak credit demand and poor quality of bank assets
Risks of pressure; lower market interest rates led to a decline in the yield of bank assets, with the net difference continuing to be held on 1.1, formerly the Shenzhen Development Bank, which was firmly involved in the transformation of retail sales, and formerly the Shenzhen Development Bank.
On December 22, 1987, the Bank of Peace was officially established. On April 11, 1988, the company’s general stock stock was traded publicly at the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
At the end of June 2022, the Bank had 109 branches (including the Hong Kong branch), with a total of 1,192 operators.
(b) In 2021, the Bank for Peace continued to adhere to the strategic thrust of the retail transition, with the strategic objective of “China's best and leading global intellectual banks”, and to the strategic approach of “technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public elitist”,
A further strategic shift is being made to create three business cards, “Digital, Ecobank, Platform Bank”, retail, public- and financial-companion operations, based on the construction of a “3+2+1” business system, with a view to improving the overall digitalization of operations and reshaping asset-liability operations.
Figure 2: The evolution of the “three-step” strategy for the Bank of Peace: the first step: to build a strong foundation for the rapid growth of retail operations over a period of three to five years, with a focus on public business;
• Second step: rapid and coordinated development of retail and public services over a period of five to eight years;
(a) Specialized retail banking services: • Consisting of a broad-based business approach of “triple trade (industry, specialization, investment, assets, light capital);
• Build the “3+2+1” business strategy for retail and public operations, and fully advance the “aibank” system;
(a) To build a comprehensive business model for the public business "aum+lum+" and adhere to a business strategy of "3+2+1" for the public business;
Remote banks, underline banks and integrated banks have five elements, which are connected and integrated and form an organic whole. 1.2 Relying on integrated financial groups, which have a large base of customers, the Peace Group of China is the controlling shareholder of the Peace Bank. As of the end of September 2022, the top ten shareholders of the Peace Bank were the top ten.
A total of 68.83 per cent of the shares of the Peace Bank are held, and 57.94 per cent of the shares of the Peace Group and its controlled subsidiary are held by the Peace Bank, which holds 49.56 per cent of the shares of the Peace Bank and 8.38 per cent of the shares of the Peace Insurance Bank.
Table 1: Shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders in the Bank of Peace (as of late September 2022), the China Peace Group has been able to optimize its client resources, comprehensive finance, technology, etc., to the Bank of Peace. China’s Peace Group is the leading international private financial life service group, combined power is widely recognized by rating agencies and the media, both within and outside the country.
At the end of the month, Sino-China Internet users exceeded 668 million and individual clients exceeded 225 million. Among individual clients, rich clients exceeded 88.7 million, high net clients exceeded 220,000, with an average of 20.26 contracts.
This is increasing, with 39.8% of individual clients holding multiple subsidiary contracts at the same time. By contrast, the number of retail customers in the Safe Bank is 122 million, the number of wealth management clients is 1.236 million, and the number of high-quality clients in the Safe Future Bank in the Peace Group is well-resourced and there is wide room for client growth.
The Bank of Peace is one of the most fully licensed and widely operated private financial-life groups in the country. The Bank of Peace is based on the Bank of Peace's personal financial platform, which, through its active integration into the Group's ecological circle, is complete in areas such as well-being, high-quality medical care, literature, charity, etc.
In the first three quarters of 2022, there was a 50 per cent net increase in private clients, a 53.3 per cent increase in aum, and a 59.9 per cent increase in the “Safe three” bank's financial services based on corporate technological advantages. The Peace Group's technology base was solid, as of 2022.
At the end of June, the number of technology patent applications from the Peace Group reached 43,094 and was among the top of the international financial institutions. The Bank built on the scientific and technological advantages of the Peace Group, constantly upgrading its ability to provide financial services. On the one hand, technology retailing, by creating a new "Five Ones" model, provides accompanying services to clients on a life-long journey.
On the other hand, technology empowers the public, concentrating on two main tracks, based on account, trade, data and open advantage, reaching out to a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises up and down the industrial chain.
Building technology-driven trade banks and integrating investment, comptoirs, investment and technology services, building investment-driven and complex investment flows, promoting business upgrading to the ecological model.
Assets have expanded steadily, with the net return to the mother during the first three quarters of 2022 taking the lead in the listing of shares. By 2022, the recovery rate had remained at more than 10 per cent, although the same rate fell to 8.71 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, but the stock was further transformed by retailing, focusing on post-disease rehabilitation.
The Bank actively integrates the “3+2+1” business strategy and the “5 One” model.
Consumer finance 3 has been upgraded, focusing on the "risk control, cost control" 2 core competencies, focusing on the construction and operation of “one ecology” with an internal aibank and an open bank. On this basis, the upgrade has been made to connect open banks, i banks, remote banks, offline banks, integrated banks, and so on.
The new organically integrated “Five Ones” model, which continues to strengthen technical and technological leadership, stimulates business model change, creates “moderated” financial services, and injects new energy into the retail business’s continuous breakthrough. Retail lending is still at a high level.
After the official launch of the retail strategy transition in 2016, the personal loan increase remained at a high level of over 50%, of which the personal increase in 2018 was 210.35%. The population has been affected by domestic epidemics and macroeconomic environmental impacts since the beginning of 2022, with employment, income and consumption and retail business development being one.
The impact was reduced to 52.70% per cent by June 2022 and 61.56 per cent by June 2022, but the highest level of the stock bank was maintained. Retail operations played an important role in securing bank revenues and net profits.
Operating income was $51,402 million, an increase of 4.45 per cent over the year, representing 55.90 per cent of operating income, and net profit from retail operations was 110.65. Banks increased the write-off and provision of retail assets. 2.2 “Fundamental retail, consumer finance, private sector wealth”3
(1) Basic retail operations: The customer base is solid, the deposit deposits are constantly rising, and the customer base is constantly well-established.
One hundred and twenty-four million households grew rapidly to reach the end of September 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, the Bank of Peace paid heavily for the release of safe and safe bags, a pocket bank applied 6.0 and created a more accessible, intelligent and safe use experience. In the end of September 2022, the number of subscribers registered was 150 million, an increase of 10.5% from the end of 2021, of which the number of active users (mau) was monthly.
At the end of September 2022, the balance of personal deposits was 9,039.24.
At the end of September 2022, the balance of individual bank loans went out of $2 trillion, to $20,03,882 million, an increase of 9.14 per cent, mainly due to the epidemic.
Consumer loans account for 90.36% of individual loans, with consumer finance operators divided into four main modules: credit cards, new loans, personal mortgages and mortgages, and automobile finance. In the first half of 2017-2022, the “three top soldiers” accounted for more than 55% of individual loans, and at the end of September 2022, new loans and car finance.
Money and credit card receivables account for 7.99%, 16.05% and 29.69% of individual loans, respectively, and in consumer finance, they have an important role to play in leading and supporting the consumer business. As the impact of the epidemic fades and the consumption scene recovers, the trend towards warmth of the consumer gold melts becomes clearer.
Credit card lending was ranked first in the listed stock bank. Peacebanks deepened the credit card business transition, citing that, at the end of June of the year, the number of bank cards in circulation, the total amount of transactions and the credit card loan balance were split among the listed stock bank.
Credit card lending as a percentage of retail loans is ranked first on the list. The size of the bank credit card traffic at the end of September 2022, affected by the macroenvironment and the epidemic, slowed down to 3.91% and 1.72%, respectively, to 6.4% for the three quarters of 2022.
Bank Ann has been able to deepen its credit card stock client operations by fine-tuning its customer base, with credit card receivables growing by 7.8 per cent per day over 2021, credit card loops and average instalments growing by 21.4 per cent over 2021, driving credit, gradual recovery of consumption, and the prospect of greater benefit for the safe bank credit card business.
The impact of the epidemic on consumer activity declined gradually after the peak of the population at the end of December 2022. During the spring of 2023, the national consumer-related sector saw a 12.2% increase in sales income compared to the last spring holiday, with overall growth being maintained.
The upgrade will effectively boost the demand for credit card use and drive faster growth in credit card operations, and credit card lending will benefit more from a recovery in consumption than safe banks, which are at a higher level in the industry. Auto-finance leads.
In 2022, the Bank of Peace continued its innovative business model, promoting car eco-development and actively expanding the market for new energy car loans and upgrading its customers. In a climate of repeated epidemics and macroeconomic growth pressures, the Bank of Peace was able to raise automobile money in the first three quarters of 2020-2022.
In January 2023, the Standing Committee of the Council of State stressed the need to promote the full-scale realization of car consumption policies.
With the support of preferential policies such as a drive-by tax exemption for the acquisition of new energy vehicles, the market's performance was gradually improving, with a 3.0 per cent increase in December 2022, a 31.4 per cent increase in the ring, and a 64 million new energy vehicles, up from 35.2 per cent in 2022.
The new loan is growing steadily. “The new loan” is intended for people with stable and continuous wage earnings.
At the end of September 2022, the Bank of Peace held a balance of $160.085 billion, an increase of 8.21 per cent.
In the end of September 2022, the Bank of Peace continued to upgrade its capacity in terms of products, group operations, teams, etc., and worked to build a “temperature, global leader in wealth management and host bank.”
The Bank of Peace managed retail customer assets (aum) by 3.53 trillion yuan, an increase of 15.73 per cent over the same period. Of these, the private sector achieved aum balance by 17.62 per cent over the same year, the private sector aum ' s share of the total aum rose to 44.60 per cent, the private sector aum ' s aum increased in the first three quarters of 2022, with revenues from the same bank ' s wealth management fees as the stock market fluctuated, among other things.
In the short term, the revenue from wealth management operations is expected to continue to grow. Macroeconomic recovery and consumption are warming, capital markets are expected to recover, and the epidemic is fully liberalized and banks are back on track.
In the long run, there is a great potential for growing the wealth management business of the Safe Bank. The overall savings rate is still high, with the steady growth of the economy and the rapid accumulation of wealth, and the demand for diversified wealth management.
On the one hand, the group’s clients need to be further exploited. The bank’s wealth operations in the private sector are technologically robust, there is still much room for greater penetration of the group’s high net customers, and the bank can rely on the group’s stock of its high net customers to meet its needs.
By taking advantage of the integrated financial and ecological advantages of the Peace Group, banks have actively seized opportunities for change in the life insurance market and wealth management market, intensifying the upgrading of the silver insurance industry and building the workforce, and continuing to build a new and more fully integrated financial asset allocation service for their clients. By the end of September 2022, the new team had accumulated nearly 1,100 people, 2022.
Good quality of assets, driving valuation repairs. The quality of safe bank assets has improved significantly since 2018. The Bank responded to the national strategy by providing continuous services to entities, providing strong support for private and micro, small and medium-sized enterprise development, and increasing asset disposal for problematic assets, 2018-2021.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing bank loans increased from 0.01 to 1.03 per cent at the end of 2021, with an increase in adverse generating pressures, with a provision coverage of 290.27 per cent, an increase of 1.85 percentage points at the end of 2021, and the risk offset capacity continued to be protected, as shown in figure 29: Secure bank provision coverage (in %)
3.1 Real estate risks are managed as a whole. Real estate risks are an important factor in discouraging safe bank valuations.
At the end of June 2022, the percentage of real-estate loans to the Bank was 27.78 per cent, which is higher in the industry. At the end of September 2022, the rate of bad loans to the Bank was 0.50 pct to 0.72 per cent higher than at the end of 2021. Since 2022, real-estate sales have been low and industry winds.
Risks have revealed that market concerns about safe bank-related assets have increased, and this is one of the main reasons for the repression of safe bank valuations. With multiple positive factors expected to slow down the risk margins of safe bank-related assets in 2023, market concerns are expected to ease gradually, driving valuation repairs.
In late September 2022, the bank was developing $10,830 million in real estate loans, representing 3.1 per cent of the total loan and advance capital, with an average mortgage rate of 41.4 per cent and 96.6 per cent distributed in the first and second-line urban areas and in the Grand Bay, Long Triangle; and in commercial property loans, mergers and acquisitions.
Second, the Bank’s real-estate venture, which focuses mainly on dry and Huaxia’s welfare, has already been addressed. A judicial settlement has been reached between the Bank and the Bank, with the sum of $5.4 billion in risk has been auctioned.
Happily, Huaxia has put in place a debt restructuring program, and, in follow-up, the Bank will assist product managers in communicating with the Debt Committee, keeping track of the implementation of the programme and the return of cash flows.
The workshop emphasized the need to ensure the smooth development of the real estate market, to ensure that the work on “safe houses, livelihoods, and stability” is carried out in a solid manner, to meet the legitimate financing needs of the industry and to effectively protect against the risk of high-quality headholds. Since the end of 2021, the overall policy environment in the real estate sector has eased, guided by a virtuous cycle and healthy development of the real estate sector.
At the same time, a dynamic adjustment mechanism for first-shelter interest rates has been put in place to stimulate housing demand and to help housing firms to return quickly. At the level of housing consumers, “encourages the extension of debt service by legal self-consensual agreement” is used as a mortgage for eligible individuals.
The funds sought the opportunity to extend debt service payments while avoiding further deterioration of the risk of default in cases of loan standstills by “dealing with the law and maintaining good market order in cases of malicious evasion of financial debt”.
At the end of September 2022, the rate of non-performing individual loans from the Bank of Peace was 1.23%, up 0.02 percentage points from the end of 2021. This was mainly due to delays in the arrival of clients, the acceleration of the defusion phase, the accumulation of local epidemics and the impact of macroeconomic growth stress factors, the incidence of poor operations such as the New First Loan and credit cards.
On the one hand, in order to mitigate the impact of deferred loans on the quality of future assets after their maturity, the Bank has responded positively by means of an appetizer alert, exclusive reminders of resource tilting, and the provision of a comprehensive mitigation kit. On the other hand, after the outbreak broke out in December 2022, the epidemic reached its peak, and the country's financial crisis has become a major problem.
The economic recovery process has accelerated and, with the orderly resumption of work, the employment and income of the population has increased, repayment capacity will gradually recover, consumer dynamism and consumer readiness will be effectively stimulated, and pressure on the unsound generation of consumer loans is expected to ease in 2023 and the quality of assets at the retail end has improved.
At the end of September 2022, the bank balance was ranked first in the list. In the first three quarters of 2022, the bank had a 2.77% net balance, first in the list, second in all the listed banks, mainly because it was one.
Interest-bearing assets have a return of 4.85%, a decrease of 12bps in the same year, and an average cost of 2.15% for liabilities, a decrease of 7bps in the same year.
In the first half of 2017-2022, the rate of return on personal loans from the bank remained high at more than 7%, well above the average for listed banks, and in late September 2022, the average rate of return on individual loans from the bank was 7.47%, a decline of 9 basis points from the same year, ranking first among listed banks.
Increased credit investment for low-risk operations such as licensed mortgages and high-quality clientele, higher asset ratios of good quality, enhanced policy support in priority areas such as micro, small and consumer inclusion, policy orientation for the financial institutions ' service entity economy, structural adjustment and lower market interest rates contributed to a decrease in individual lending returns. The average return on enterprise loans was 3.86 per cent, compared with the comparable rate of return.
The decline of 20bps, mainly from lpr, which led to lower interest rates on loans, was accompanied by a positive lowering of interest rates on loans and continued support for the real economy, resulting in lower returns on corporate loans. Debt costs continued to be optimized. Between 2018 and the third quarter of 2022, the cost of the bank ' s debt fell sharply, counting the cost of the bank ' s debt.
The ratio of current deposits rose from 32.89 per cent in 2018 to 36.94 per cent in late June 2022; on the other hand, market opportunities were actively seized, long-term adjustment of liabilities was actively induced, favourable market times such as a reduction were used to replenish peer funds, and the cost of insurance liabilities was lower. At the same time, accurate marketing of technology enablers was used to enhance customer account management, and retailing and retailing were facilitated.
At the end of the asset side, the personal bank loans were more prominent in the industry, with individual loan earnings leading the industry, and it was expected that, with the domestic macroeconomic recovery, the lpr would continue to fall with limited space and assets.
The end rate of return is expected to rise steadily. At the end of the liability, the Bank of Peace continues its strategy of managing high-cost deposit products, such as structural deposits, actively pursues the reform of the deposit rate pricing mechanism, announced a downward adjustment of deposit rates on 16 September 2022, reduced current deposit rates by 5bps, and reduced term deposits by a much larger reduction, with one-year, three-year and five-year term deposits, respectively.
Downgrades of 10bps, 15bps, and 10bps, with a higher share of the safe bank’s term deposits than in the listed stock bank, will be more vulnerable to profit and savings costs, and better use the deposit as a solid “barrel” to operate. Safe banks rely on integrated financial groups, with a significant retail transition, “basic retailing, consumer finance, and private sector money.”
For the year 2023, the Bank of Peace has relatively large scope for repair: first, retail end repairs. The Bank of Peace has a high share of retail loans, and, with the recovery of the macroeconomic warming and consumption scenes, the Bank of Peace’s consumer finance is more resilient, and revenue from its wealth management operations is expected to continue to grow in the long term.
On the one hand, real estate risks are a major factor in discouraging the valuation of safe banks, and the warm winds of property tend to improve the quality of housing-related assets. On the other hand, the orderly resumption of work has led to an increase in employment and income and a reduction in the pressure on retail sales to generate bad results.
It is a restoration of net interest differentials. The advantages of personal bank equity lending rates in the industry are highlighted by the fact that, guided by the reform of deposit rate pricing mechanisms, it is expected that the bank’s liability end-cost rates will fall somewhat and the profit spread will be stable. (1) Uncertainty about changes in the epidemiological situation leads to consumption by the population and a failure to restore business investment as much as expected;
2) Real estate recovery is less likely than expected to lead to weak credit demand and pressure on the quality of bank assets; (3) risk of lower market interest rates leading to lower yields on bank assets and sustained pressure on net spreads. ”Investries are only fit to use studies that do not exceed “medium to low” risk levels, and “stable” investors are only fit to use no higher than “medium to low” risk levels.
Risk research, “positive” investors are suitable only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-high” risk, and “radical” investors are suitable for a study of all risk levels in our department.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.