Giant shares (600160.sh) Giant shares (600160.sh) - Refrigerants Industrial chain recovery, and new fluorinated materials are promising
The company’s share price has recently risen as a result of favourable factors such as the rise in the price of hydrofluoric acid and Tesla self-research batteries. The supply of hydroxyfluoric acid has moved upwards, the refrigerant industry chain is expected to improve, the delay in re-engineering has affected the supply of fluorine up the chain of the fluorinated industry with a gap in the supply of fluorescent fluorescent fluorescents, while downstream home power customers continue to move on.
The price of hydrofluoric acid is expected to increase continuously during the procurement cycle, with limited start-up and availability. In addition, the second generation of refrigerant r22 entered the quota reduction year, with a strong annual price support; the third generation of refrigerant entered the base year, with a remodelling of industry patterns.
The dry electrode technology is expected to significantly improve the performance of lithium batteries and drive the demand for polytetrafluoroethylene materials.
Tesla recently announced a self-research battery program, with the assets of the core dry electrodes and super-conducer that it acquired in the previous period, which is expected to further strengthen the high attachment technology, performance-based dry electrode technology, which will increase the energy density of the core to over 300wh/kg and extend its useful life.
In the field of fluorinated chemical precision products, twice as much and a 10-20% drop in the cost of electrodes compared to traditional wet coatings, consistent with Tesla's development, we believe that there is a greater probability that new batteries developed for Tesla will use dry electrodes.
The electrodes technology is the fibrosis of polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) and active electrodes, and the membrane is contained in the (600160)-refrigerant industrial chain.
The current-time refrigerant industry is expected to recover, and the country's policy of stimulating consumption of domestic electricity and automobiles continues.
(600160) - Participation in integrated circuit investment is expected to further boost the company ' s refrigerant demand; sustained release of non-refrigerant business performance, pvdc, ptfe, Fluorine Rubber, continuous extension of the industry chain)
In addition to the fact that the project is expected to continue to produce new growth points in the field of electronic materials: the company of electronic materials, a joint venture with a large fund, is expected to generate sustained investment returns, the consortium of scientific research institutes is given the assets to further upgrade their R & D capabilities, the IRIS company expands its 100 billion-dollar market, and the company's cycle attributes are positive.
Weakening. For a long time, look at the company's integrated fluorinated industrial chain, and expect the company to make a net return profit in 19/20.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.