Incentives guarantee synergy and deepen the integration platform.
On 20 July 2019, the company issued a number of announcements, including, inter alia, the Restricted Stock and Equity Incentive Scheme: 1) on the Draft Restrictive Stock and Equity Incentive Scheme for 2019 - 2534 persons were given a total of 21.6 million shares (a common share), or 1.29% of the total equity.
3) On the adjustment of the number of rights reserved under the restrictive equity and equity incentive scheme for 2018.
Restricted equity and equity incentive schemes are moderate, guaranteeing team stability, helping to strengthen intersectoral synergies, deepening the trend towards greater penetration and concentration, and we believe that incentives are more stable. In addition, companies are now in a critical period of enhancing inter-sectoral synergies, while at the same time at the del library, ddsu, etc.
Clinical trial services and new business models, such as cell gene therapy, have been explored in a variety of areas. We believe that this stimulus to the programme’s broad range of beneficiaries will help to maintain the stability of the entire team, guarantee the continuity of the flow effect between the different components, accelerate new business expansion, and thus deepen the advantages of an integrated corporate platform.
The amortization costs affect short-term performance, new business expansion, synergetic synergies increase profits or effectively hedge. This is the impact of nearly 10%. But, considering companies as labour-intensive industries, talent incentives are more likely to increase profits by accelerating the expansion of new businesses (cell gene therapy, clinical trials), perhaps enough to guarantee synergies.
1. Pharmacy Mind (603259): The risk of undetermined macro-environmental changes leading to a decline in global exposure to innovative drug research and development: internationalization
The risk of a decline in related operations or of poor growth as a result of a lack of progress: the risk of a growth in new operations due to a lack of inter-departmental synergies: currency exchange risk.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Gangan, and M.A. in International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.