The company is a large number of pharmaceutical outsourcers in the country, especially those that cover the entire industry chain of new drug research and development.
In the pre-clinic areas of cro and cdmo, where business plates have developed in synergy, performance has continued to grow steadily and steadily. We expect net profits to be realized in 2019-2021, domestic awareness of innovation, innovative industrial chains, water sellers have benefited from a high degree of certainty and head companies.
Our pharmaceutical industry is in a period of transition to “innovative medicine” and the emergence of a strong drug research and development agenda (a process of fine-tuning control fees that accelerates the transition to innovative research and development), land benefits (policy benefits + domestic drug firm financial strength + vc/pe institutions)
Growing numbers), people and (domestic higher education bonus + accelerated return of overseas talent entrepreneurship), sustained growth in R & D costs will directly contribute to the high development of the crmo industry.
In particular, service providers that can provide full-process integration are more competitive and able to meet the needs of different levels of clients, such as Bigpharma ' s pursuit of research quality and efficiency, and the small biotech company ' s desire for research guidance and integration services to save costs, and hence co-distribution in the country.
The company builds an integrated, all-round pharmaceutical research and development platform, and the industry is in the lead, both domestically and internationally. The public department is the country’s first medical outsourcing research and development agency, which has been built over the years.
cro (core business, steady income growth), small molecules cmo/cdmo (all- pharmaceutical industry), biopharmaceutical cro+cd/mo (animals cover the whole chain of biopharmaceutical development and development, with the most explosive performance), as well as forward-looking medical devices, precision medicine
The company is currently a small number of pharmaceutical outsourcers in the industry that cover the entire industry chain of new medicines development, especially in the pre-clinical and cro and cdmo fields, with a strong workforce and a significantly higher staff profile than their counterparts in the industry, providing high-quality and efficient services to clients.
Business plates are developing in tandem, with high industry performance, and their performance continues to grow steadily. The company’s front-to-bed cro business is growing by 25% at a compound rate of 2016-2018, and we believe that the plate will continue to grow at a high rate of more than 20% over the next three years as a result of global industrial shifts and the rise of domestic innovation research and development.
Moving forward from the clinical stage to the post-clinical and commercial stages, with growth expected to be more than 30 per cent over the next three years; US District Laboratories are expected to generate revenues as global precision medicine progresses rapidly
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, industry downgrades with slower performance, uncertainty about trade friction between China and the United States, failure in R & D.
Zhang Waia. Deng Chow Woo.