Medicine (603259.sh)
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which generated operating income of $5,894 million in the first half of the year, which is a full-blown increase in business: sub-operational panels, the break-down of 219h1cro services and cmo/cdmo services, respectively, and the revenue from laboratory services in China District, which was 2,989 million yuan, an increase of 23.70 per cent over the same period; United States District Laboratories
Income from services increased by $710 million, or 29.98 per cent, and from clinical and other coro services increased by $472 million, or 104.22 per cent. At the cost end, the cost of sales, management fees, financial fees, management fees (excluding R & D) increased by 1.43 percentage points, and financial costs decreased by 1.07 percentage points.
Cost rates have remained largely stable and cost controls have been good in the rest of the period. For nearly three years, corporate business income has continued to grow positively, and the upward trend has not slowed.
As of 30 June 2019, the company had cumulatively completed the ind declaration of 65 projects for domestic pharmaceutical companies.
In addition, as a result of the “engineer effect”, the country's coro enterprise has a greater advantage than its counterparts abroad, and as a leader in the global drug discovery coro industry, the company is well aware.
The US regional laboratory services include, inter alia, cdmo services for cell and gene therapy products, as well as medical equipment testing services. The Cdmo service is a new business that the company is actively nurturing, and as capacity is released,
The continuous growth of clients and the expansion of services from early to later clinical stages, with a significant improvement in the 2019h1 acceleration over the same period last year, have the potential to grow further: at the same time, the company has achieved a rapid increase in revenues from medical equipment testing services by strengthening the marketing team and expanding its clients.
The rapid growth and the M & As factor has doubled the income of the 219h1 Clinical Cro, even if it is eliminated, M & M: Performance growth has been strong, and the co ' s acquisition factor has increased by 67.68% over the same period. The Clinical Cro is now a share of the company ' s income.
Pharmacy Conde: h shares are publicly released, and the cro Unicorn has been on the rise as a key link in the company’s focus of recent years. As the future clinical layout of the cro business continues to improve, the business, in addition to its direct contribution to the growth of performance, is more important than strengthening the inter-business landscape.
Pharmacy Conduits: The Disciplinary Series II: Deepening Development of Traditional Business, and Synergy, which further enhances the competitiveness of firms in the entire industrial chain.
• Increased capacity + new technology, two-wheel drive cmo business growth: 219h1 company cmo/cdmo business continues to operate healthyly, involving over 800 new drug molecules, 40 of which are in the clinical iii phase and have already been marketed
16. In terms of serving domestic clients, the company is currently working on 11 mah projects. While expanding its capacity, the company has also developed considerably in a number of new technologies, including the gold mountain raw material drug base, the medicine Mind Condé: the cro's head returns, the pharmaceutical unicorn wave.
The 500-litre enzyme fermentation tanks have been fully operational, the first company workshop to support clinical production of vinyl acids and polytheronols has been opened, and the commercialized platforms for the production of oligoazine and polythrin raw materials are expected to be in operation by the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, respectively.
With the gradual completion of new technologies and new capacity-building and increased corporate branding, cmo/cdmo operations have a global market position and strong competitiveness in drug discovery and pre-cro areas (2) “engineering bonus” that gives domestic cro firms a cost lead (3) compared to the growth potential of corporate clinical cro operations
Large (4) Global Transfer of Productive Capabilities to Domestic Cmo/cdmo Enterprises (5) Drug Mind Condor has a large advantage in small molecular drugs cmo/cdmo (6) Corporate investment gains are gradually emerging and corporate buy-in is maintained