Pharmacy (603259): Reported performance over and above expectations and legacy values consistently reflected in Physics.
The company is the leading international open capacity and technology platform that provides global access to pharmaceuticals and medical devices.
On 19 August 2019, the company released its mid-2019 report, which generated $5.89 billion in operating income, together with laboratory research and development and production services.
Sub-drug discovery services, drug analysis and testing services, RMB 990 million, an increase of 20.0 per cent over the same period.
The cdmo service, the medical device testing service, reported overperformance and continued high growth of internals. 1) Income end-of-year growth of 33.7% during the reporting period, with rapid growth in all plate operations, especially cdmo and clinical coro growth showing strong performance.
2) The profit-end increase is influenced by multiple factors, such as equity incentive costs, which reflect the low objectivity of endogenous growth. The net profit on non-ifrs is reduced by the same ratio during the reporting period if the cost of equity incentive is excluded, a share-h share is on the market, exchange rate fluctuations are associated with gains and losses, and the amortization of intangible assets derived from mergers and acquisitions.
10.7 per cent to $1,213 million; offset of realized and unrealized equity investment gains and share of joint venture earnings, adjusted net profit returns of non-ifrs increased by 32 per cent to $1,179 million on a year-on-year basis, consistent with the rate of income-side growth, with continued high growth in endogenous life.
In terms of key financial indicators, the company ' s capacity continues to grow. During the reporting period, 1) there was a steady increase in the Māori rate, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points over the same period. On the one hand, it was affected by the cost of equity incentives, which resulted in an increase in the same cost, and on the other hand, it continued to develop clinical co-operation, in which the surcharge income was low.
Māori) has increased significantly with the expansion of operations. 2) The three major rates have been relatively stable, and management costs have increased relatively, mainly as a result of increases in staff costs, service costs, etc. 3) The number of employees has continued to grow as an important precursor to the continued growth of Cro (177,000, 19h1 at the end of the 18th year)
East Hing Stock Exchange Report (603259): Centrally declared overperformance and continued to show the highest value.
During the reporting period, the company’s revenue performance continued to be strongly motivated and valued. The performance of the companies benefited from the multiplicity of operations, the convergence and operational synergy of the clients of upstream and downstream operations brought about by the “integrated, end-to-end” R & D service platform. We believe that the growth of the company’s business is strongly driven by the high profile of the innovative drug outsourcing service, and that synergies between operations under the platform’s advantages are expected to continue to improve and the flagship value will continue to be demonstrated.
• Laboratory services in China District: income growth was robust during the reporting period (same as + 24 per cent), Māori was slightly affected by equity incentive costs, capacity-building built-up models were innovative, providing a sustained momentum for the plate. 1) dna coded compounds bank further enhanced the ability of small molecules to discover drugs (with 90 billion molecules): 2) fda default licence: 3) domestic innovation service model ddsu provided future income elasticity (65 ind declarations and 45 clinical trials cumulatively completed)
Batch, which is expected to yield successful milestones in the development and distribution of new medicines.) US District Laboratory Services: Increase in revenue (year-on-year + 30%), significant increase in Māori (year-on-year + 3.93 percentage points), rapid improvement in the level of business of the plate, provision of access to cytogenetic treatment. 1) Progressive release of pre-cell gene therapy production capacity, increasing capacity utilization, early clinicalization of services
Rapidly moving towards a later stage (cdmo services have cumulatively been provided for 30 clinical phase cytogenetic treatment projects, 21 one-stage clinical projects and 9 two-thirds clinical projects): 2) Medical instrument detection services, which expand through enhanced marketing and client groups, are expected to achieve a rapid increase in income by seizing the opportunity of EU medical instrument regulations to significantly upgrade the standards and limits of medical instrument certification.
cdmo/cmo services: Increase in income growth during the reporting period (same as +42 per cent), Māori rate is stable, and the build-up of technical capacity at clinical front end to back end and commercialized projects leads to continuous rapid growth supports follow-up. 1) 19h1 provides cdmo/cmo services for over 800 new drug molecules, 40 clinical phase 3 projects, 16 projects have been approved for listing and 11 projects are under way in the country ' s mah project. 2) 500 litres of enzyme fermentation cans are fully operational to improve enzyme catalytic reversion.
Clinical research and other critique services: During the reporting period, income growth was strong (year-on-year +104 per cent), the Māori ratio fell by 4.6 percentage points in the amortization of intangibles resulting from fees paid to researchers and mergers, and rapid expansion of domestic markets coupled with global service capacity guaranteed continued high growth in the future. 1) The combined income generated by the acquisition of 19H1 and the purchase of phamapace remained high at 68 per cent, with a continuous acceleration in the layout of the national and international clinical crón and the construction of clinical centres (at the end of 19H1).
cds team over 850, smo team over 2,200, and domestic service hospitals over 900; 2) after 18 years of acquisition of rpg intensive clinical laboratory service capacity, and in May 19 of pharmapace, continued to build capacity in multi-centre clinical laboratory services around the world.
The rapid expansion of treatment services, medical equipment testing services, and growing ceilings are expected to sustain the strong and maintain a “highly recommended” rating. Offshore operations and the risk of international policy change.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the drug Myung Condt (603259): the best reporter has outperformed his expectations, and the leading values continue to reflect the source of the financial boom in the East.
A nine-year experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, which has been a core member of the new wealth team.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Phenomenon (603259): Reported overperformance and the continued expression of a flagship value does not guarantee any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.