Multi-operational elastic release, integration platform accelerated validation.
On the evening of 19 August 2019, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which shows net profit on operating income, net profit on maternity and net profit on deductions, which increased by $5,894 million, $1,057 million and $993 million, respectively, by 33.68 per cent, 16.91 per cent and net profit on maternity on companies adjusted non-ifrs by $1,179 million, which increased by 32.0 per cent.
\Trangleright \Trangleright
From 2017q1 to 2019q2, we found that the company’s quarterly income ring has been growing consistently and showing an accelerated trend. We believe that this could be facilitated by the company’s flexible operations such as ddsu, clinical research services, cytogen therapy, cdmo, etc., to continuously validate the expansion of the company’s new capabilities.
A robust growth of core flow operations, clinical research, cell gene therapy, cdmo elasticity of operations, and a deepening of the strength of the physical platform.
The growth of laboratory services in China has been steady, with attention paid to milestones and the gradual realization of the distribution of sales. 209h1, the company's regional laboratory services generated $2.99 billion, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies provided customers with a range of milestones and post-market sales points for their products.
At the end of the day, the company has cumulatively completed 65 ind declarations for domestic clients, and we believe that its milestones and distribution of sales will be realized gradually over three years, and that it is one of the core elasticities of its performance. Clinical research services, with their industrial dividends, are in a period of rapid expansion, with a reduction in the caliber adjustment rate.
2019h1, the company ' s clinical research and other cro services generated $470 million, an increase of 104.2 per cent over the same period, which benefited from the high growth in the country ' s innovative medicine clinical research and development industry, as well as the co-financing of $84 million from mergers and acquisitions. Interception (1,800 at the beginning of the period). The rapid expansion and efficiency of clinical team personnel drive clinical research services
High growth. The Māori rate for the reporting period was 19.8 per cent, a 4.6 pct decline over the same period, mainly due to the fact that the cost income from clinical sub-payments increased significantly with the scale of the operation (the Māori rate for this project is lower), the rate of increase in laboratory income and profitability in the United States region improved, and the cdmo level of cell gene therapy was nucleic.
Focus. 209h1, US District Laboratories received $710 million, an increase of 30.0 per cent, and Māori 26.85 per cent, an increase of 3.92 pct. The main beneficiaries are the release of cdmo capacity from cell gene therapy, and 1. Pharmacy Condor (603259): Incentive programme
As of 2019h1, the company's cytogenetic treatment project included 21 i-clinics and guarantees of synergy, deepening the integration platform with 9 ii/iii clinical projects. We believe that as the cytogenetic treatment project moves to post-clinical/commercialization, we will be able to build a new one.
2. Pharmacy Meng Condé (603259): Medical outsourcing leads to more early projects from high-growth industries, and US district laboratories are expected to continue to grow at a faster rate, with a higher-to-α path outlook.
Cdmo/cmo operations enhance synergies and enhance the sustainability of technological advantages. 2019h1, the company ' s cdmo/cmo operations generate $1.72 billion, an increase of 42.0%.
The synergies with the cdmo phase led to a new post-clinic and commercialization project for the company, which contributed to a rapid increase in the income from cdmo/cmo services. On the other hand, at the beginning of 2019, the company’s first Cgmp workshop to support clinical ingredients for nucleotide and polythonous drugs was opened, and commercialized-scale nucleotide and so on.
Incentives have increased costs, operating cash flows have shown higher overall performance and higher quality 38.78 per cent, a decline of 1.28 pct over the same period, largely attributable to 1) increased corporate access to key people.
Incentives have led to higher costs; 2) the income from clinical surcharges has increased significantly with the scale of the operation. On the cost side, 2019h1, the corporate management rate was 11.13%, an increase of 1.44 pct over the year, and we found that the main attribution was a significant 65.0% increase in wages, bonuses and benefits in the administrative costs entry, taking into account the industry ' s high profile.
In the case of cash flows, the net cash flow generated by the company’s operations was $979 million, an increase of 96.45 per cent over the same period, largely due to a change in fair value.
Given the rapid expansion of corporate clinical research and development services, US district laboratory revenues are expected to continue to accelerate, with uncertain risks of global decline in investment in innovation research and development due to changes in the macro-environment: internationalization risks associated with downturns in business or poor growth: new business increases due to poor inter-ministerial synergies
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized by Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Pharmacology, University of Gangan, Master of International Finance, University of Glasgow, in May 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.