The non-financial company assessment reports the three gorges of energy (600905.sh) - the wind's turning to higher-than-expected performance expected to see green power return.
Investment ratings: Increase (maintain) by 19.97%, resulting in a net return of $1.055 billion, or 14.69% more than we expected. Wind resources improved significantly in September, resulting in a 15% increase in the company’s net return in the third quarter, exceeding our expectations.
\triangleright, Liu Xiaoning, 6.12 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, 19.46 per cent more than in the same year, and 2,966 million kilowatt-hours of offshore wind power generated by the same year.
With a 35 per cent long, PV capacity of 6,775 million kWh, an increase of 62.74 per cent in the same year, the excess expected wind power generation was the main reason for the Division ' s over-performance in the third quarter. According to the UTC data, wind use in the months of July, August and September this year was small compared to changes in the same number of hours - 20, 7 and 32 hours, respectively. The September wind resources improved significantly, reversing the three-quarters pre-season period.
In addition, q3 realized investment returns - $50 million, a decrease of $180 million, compared to the previous year. Xinjiang’s new energy base was planned to be invested in 21.5gw, with guaranteed returns for ultra-high pressure evacuation projects.
It is planned to invest in the New Energy Base project in the South Frontier, with a total project size of 21.5 gw, including 8.5 gw photovoltaic, 4gw wind power, 4gw fire power and 5gw storage capacity, with a total project investment of 71.85 billion yuan, based on 25 per cent capital investment, 34 per cent of the Public Sector Holdings project company, with the remaining shareholdings held by brother groups such as Yangtze Power, Trijo Capital, etc.
It is worth emphasizing that this project is an integrated evacuation project for the wind and fire storage, which is planned to be financed by a three-to-four-year project for the transfer of electricity to the Tsion Tsuan electricity supply (Southland) under the established rules, with new energy and storage projects to be adjusted in due course in accordance with the coal power project and the construction of evacuation corridors to guarantee the simultaneous construction of the Three Ones.
We believe that the project is a super-high-voltage delivery project, coupled with fire power, storage upscaling, and emphasize that the progress of the project should be adjusted in due course in accordance with the progress made in the construction of the outlet, guaranteeing simultaneous construction and, to some extent, guaranteeing future elimination, electricity prices and rates of return for the project.
On the one hand, the recent policies of Ningxia and Nemon have broken down the share of renewable energy consumption to downstream users and are expected to increase at the enterprise level, releasing green energy environmental values for new energy consumption and green certification; on the other hand, Guangxi has taken the lead this year.
A government-mandated contract mechanism to identify the difference between the price of electricity traded on the new energy market and the price of electricity contracted (0.38 yuan per kilowatt hour) is subsidized or recovered, directs new energy projects to keep the price of electricity close to a particular price and guarantees the rate of return on new energy projects. This policy, if extended throughout the country, will effectively increase the rate of return on new energy projects
We believe that, with administrative means to stabilize the price of electricity and raise the green card’s double-tube value, it is hoped that the return on future new energy projects will stabilize expectations and drive the return of green electricity value. Multiply, the “increasing” rating continues.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.