- Three Gorges Energy Quarterly Review, 2024 - 31 October 2024 Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh)
16,487 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) were increased by 38.05 per cent in the same year.
Wind power production increased by 19.46 per cent from the same year to 2,212 million kWh from the same year, while offshore wind power production increased by 35.00 per cent from the same year to 2,966 million kWh from the same year, and solar energy production from the same year increased by 0.83 per cent from 6,775 million kWh from the same year.
Liang Yunan has a double price of electricity, a double cost, and a higher profitability. Given that wind and photovoltaic revenues account for a higher share of corporate income (23 years to 98%), we estimate the company's operating income/power generation in a rough way.
The price of electricity for new energy access is 24q3. The company ' s combined access cost is 0.406/kWh, a decrease of 13.1 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the share of flat-priced electricity and a drop in the price of marketed traded electricity. At the end of the cost, 24q3, the price of electricity per kilowatt-hour, as measured by operating costs/power generation, is 0.209/kWh, a decrease in the same year.
The company announced that it would invest in a new energy base in the Tacak Ramagan desert in the south of Xinjiang to build 8.5 million kWh of light-voltage, 4 million kWh of wind power, 6 x 66,000 kWh of coal-fired electricity and 5 million kWh of new storage.
The construction of the above-mentioned large base projects, on the one hand, provides a strong support for the growth of the company's new energy installation, and, on the other hand, the electricity generated will be delivered to the Tian Tahuan electric power supply (Southland) on the basis of the rules already in place.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.