Non-financial companies reported incidents: companies published their annual report 2024 and their quarterly report 2025. Business income was 24.882 billion yuan in 2024, an increase of 6.05 per cent over the year; net profit on maternity was 8,297 million yuan, an increase of 8.63 per cent over the same period. Business income was 5,385 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 6.05 per cent over the same period.
In 2024, water increased slightly in the last river basin, and in the first quarter of 2025, water improved significantly, with the production of the super-accumulation Toba power station and new energy installations in 2024. Liu Xiaoning ' s hydroelectric capacity increased by 2.53 per cent from the same year, and by 160.26 per cent from the same year, from 3.67 billion kilowatt-hours.
The increase in electricity generation is due to two main factors, namely, the drop in water from the last river basin in 2024, which was 4.6 per cent higher than in the year 2024. Of these, the tundra, the mini-coast, which is almost equal, and the tundra, which is 4.6 per cent higher than in the year 2024; and the Toba power station (1.4 million kilowatts) under the company, which was launched in 2024.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved a net return of $1.508 billion, the company’s best quarter since its inception. According to electricity prices, the company’s operating income grew slightly more than 1.43 percentage points in 2024, reflecting a slight increase in the company’s average online electricity price. In the first quarter of 2025, business income grew at a rate less than nearly 10 percentage points less than electricity, and we analysed that water had improved significantly.
Inner power supply and demand have eased; on the other hand, in terms of the power generation structure, the power generation from the power-priced upstream power station has increased at a lower rate than in some cases, while the lower-priced downstream power station has contributed to the main increase.
Over a longer period of time, river basins such as American hydroelectric plants were approved in April 2023, and pre-works such as Banda, Bondo, Ancient and Ancient Waters were carried forward in an orderly manner.
The acceleration of the rise in the hydropower plates, which we believe cannot be attributed solely to the decline in the risk-free rate of return, is more important in the context of the high volatility of the capital market as a whole, the revaluation of the market's “low-concord margin” assets, represented by hydropower, that is, there is little room for macroeconomics per se, but rather a volatile re-pricing, with hydropower gaining a lower risk premium because of its relatively more stable business model and predictability of performance.
So, at this point in time, investment opportunities for hydropower are not growing potential, much less high-frequency water data, and are already fully priced in stock prices because of the highly planned nature of water and electricity installation, which is largely non-reformist. The first is the stability of the hydropower business model and the policy environment, which is the best result, and any change that could lead to an upturn rate.
My own personal opinion of the target securities and issuers, whether positive or negative; and the second is the overall volatility of the capital market, which is equivalent to the opportunity cost of the share of utilities. I have a hard-working and professional approach to research, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.