Annual Shareholders ' Conference 2024: Deep Farming for Clean Energy in Yunnan, Future Events: 27 May 2025, the company convened the 2024 Shareholders ' Conference, which was chaired by Mr. Sun Wei, Chairman of the Board, and held in a combination of live voting and Internet voting.
In 2024, the company fully promoted the reform of its management system, strengthened the management of managerial tenure and contractual management, achieved full coverage at all levels, and carried out full performance appraisals.
The first-class, first-class hydroelectric plants are 80% higher than the standard. The full-scale improvement of the combined operational benefits of wind and water operations, with companies completing 112.12 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation throughout the year, has been effective in safeguarding the economic and social development needs, and seven hydroelectric plants, such as open mouths and the San River, have been “zero-free” for five consecutive years.
Continued improvement in business efficiency, steady improvement in business performance, a 56 million dollar reduction in financial costs on a year-on-year basis in 2024, recovery of the quasi-interest-reduction policy window period, and the issuance of low-interest green bonds of $6.14 billion, which contributed to the continuing decline in the cost of integrated financing, the strengthening of capital value management and the realization of a $325 million return on equity investment
Hydropower plates are growing steadily, guaranteeing long-term growth in the build-up of the aircraft. The company actively develops the water flow from the river basins at $1.11/megawatt hours.
Implanting + storage released a resonance, resulting in a significant increase in power generation in the first quarter of 2025. To benefit from a significant increase in new energy loadings, the tb power plant became fully operational, the capacity of the escalator was increased by the same amount at the beginning of 2025, the company optimized its deployment to release energy through the ladder, and the company generated electricity in the first quarter of 2025.
The volume of energy-efficient hydropower has increased significantly, and according to the announcement of the first quarter of 2025 on the completion of electricity generation, the company completed the first quarter (600025,sh): crew production and water overflow
This is an increase of 31.42 per cent over the corresponding increase in the consumption of electricity from the province to the west.
The company is expected to grow as a result of the commissioning of the power plant and the development of a water storage project in the upper part of the river. We are 100 million yuan: net return profits are $8,896 million, $9,273 million and $9,823 million, respectively, corresponding to the expected risks, electricity prices, etc.
Annual Shareholders ' Meeting 2024: Deep Farming for Clean Energy, Forwards: China Power 2024: Deep Farming for Clean Energy, Forwards for Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report