\triangleright \ New energy loading + new commissioning of hydroelectric plants + Sundang Trailing + Ministry of Internal Electricity Demand
By the end of 2024, the company had installed a capacity of 31,085,000 kilowatts, of which 273,058 kilowatts were electricity and 370,227 kilowatts of new energy. The company generated electricity in 2024.
Small- and medium-sized hydroelectric plants: 10.26 billion kWh, + 6.84 per cent, new energy sources: 4.08 billion kWh, + 36.2 per cent, and small- and medium-sized hydropower plants: 13.8 per cent,
New energy sources of 1.56 billion kilowatt-hours, +41.6 per cent the same increase in electricity generation in 2025q1 is due mainly to: 1) the significant increase in the size of new energy sources and the full capacity of the tb power station; 2) the increase in capacity at the beginning of the year in the capacity of the escalators and the optimal movement of the ladders to release the energy; 3) the increase in electricity demand in Yunnan and the increase in power delivery in the western east.
The tb+ hard beam power station contributes 25 years of incremental growth with forward-loading potential. By the end of 2024, all units of the \triangleright tb hydroelectric power station were successfully operational, with a total installed capacity of 1.4 million kilowatts, generating about 6.23 billion kilowatts per year.
Power generation, installed with capacity of 576,000 kW and total installed capacity of 1116,000 kW at hard beam power plants, assessed: water overflow, boosted power generation leading to performance growth in the first quarter of 20,024: clear contribution of the Sichuan hydropower margin
The price of electricity is kept under short-term pressure and the cost band continues to optimize steady profit growth. 24 years of company electricity revenue accounts for \triangleright 3.
Total revenue is 99.15 per cent, which represents an average Internet price of 0.253/kwh per cent of the 25q1 electricity collection/connectivity, which is nearly two points lower. The fall in electricity prices may be due to: 1) a significant increase in the number of new energy loads in Yunnan, a possible increase in the rate of light-voltage and the price of new energy, and 2) a total of about 50 per cent of the total electricity generated in the Western East.
Of these, market-based electricity prices were affected by the decline in medium- and long-term electricity trading prices in Guangxi and Guangdong in 2025. Public-debt financing costs were lower, financial costs were lower on a par, and cost segments were expected to be optimized on a continuous basis throughout the year.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.