The 24-year performance was in line with expectations, with 25 q1 velocity brightness -- the 2024 annual report & the 2025 Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quick Power & Power & Power (600025.sh)
The difference in the rate of increase between the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the deduction of the net profit of the parent is mainly due to the net gain of $580 million in the period from the beginning of the subsidiary period to the date of the merger arising from the merger of the same controlled enterprise in 23 years.
In 2024, the company roe (weighted average) showed a small decline of 0.24 pct over the same year in its combined Māori ratio, but it benefited from a fall in financial costs and research and development costs.
In 2024, the company completed 112,022 million yuan of electricity generation, which is 0.5% of the same amount of water coming from the last river basin, and the tb power station became fully operational during the year.
(a) The production of part of the station ' s fleet; the generation of new energy sources at 4,083 million kWh, +127.09 per cent, +19,733 million kWh, +30.47 per cent, mainly as a result of the commissioning of the new fleet and the similar increase in the capacity of elevators at the beginning of the year (with the elimination of tb and hard beam bags, the production of stock units was equal to +23.76 per cent);
With regard to electricity prices, we have a simple estimate of business income/connected electricity, with companies charging 0.219 per cent for hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic power in 2024, influenced by lower market-based electricity prices on the one hand, and by structural power levels on the other, with 25q1 access on the other.
The ratio of electricity to five power stations with higher electricity prices (not taking into account Toba) is equal to -2.4 pct. The new unit is in production to contribute to the incremental amount of electricity, accumulated depreciation & reduced financing costs, positive 25-year performance outlook. Considering that the company ' s tb power station will contribute to total capacity during the year (designed to average electricity generation over a multi-year period).
623 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), with 2,870 million kWh of electricity generated in 24 years, and with hard beam-packing stations expected to become fully operational during the year (5,181 million kWh on average in design over the years, 1*27+1*36,000 kWh in 24 years, contributing 23 million kWh of electricity generation), the company is expected to increase its hydroelectric capacity by the same amount in 25 years.
On this basis, while the commissioning of tb, hard beams and power plants will result in higher depreciation costs for companies, depreciation of the equipment of some units of the power stations, such as fruit bridges, silhouettes, dragon openings, etc., will result in an effective hedge, taking into account the financial costs of optimizing financing costs (25q1 financial costs as compared to the financial costs).
1. [Galaxy Environments for Public Use] Company evaluates energy and electricity: new air fleets - 5.06 per cent) and even in the context of 25 years of low market prices, we present a year-round performance show for the company 2.[Galactic Environment for Public Use] Company evaluates energy and water: hydropower prices
I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner and in a spirit of diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.