Shinjiyama's evidence is coming through, the film's growing tap is strong, and the electronics business is moving forward.
In its semi-annual report of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $5,716 million for the reporting period, equal to +69.29 per cent, a net return to the mother of $904 million, a net profit of +98.08 per cent, a net gain to the non-return to the mother of $875 million, a gain of +97.81 per cent, of which q2 earned operating income of $2,901 million for the single quarter, a ratio of the same to the same period.
The cost during the reporting period was the highest/lowest in the year when the price of the q2 company’s main product, photo-voltaic film, was reduced by the price of the main raw material, eva resin:
Photovoltaic film, backboard sales are on the same scale, and production capacity expansion poles are well established. \triangleright sells 461 million square metres of photovoltaic film during the reporting period, compared to +23.19 per cent, of which 239 million square metres are sold in the q2 quarter, the same amount.
The company’s 150 million square metres of photo-voltaic film production capacity, followed by the continued production of 500 million square metres of photo-voltaic film projects in the company’s state and the gradual landing of the 250 million square metres of photo-voltaic film production project in Ka Xing, is expected to achieve a photo-voltaic film production capacity of about 1.35 billion square metres by the end of 2021.
The high rate of growth in electronics operations has pushed for the replacement of high-end domestic products. Corporate lighting, 45,471.5 million m2 of dry membrane sales, +210.95% of the year, has continued to increase at a sustained rate.
Monopoly of high-end high-resolution dilamentation. In the future, as the company moves forward with the 420 million m per year symmetrical dynasty project and the 24,000 tonnes/year alkali soluble resin project, the rate of national production of the dynasty dynasty mem will be further increased.
7th floor of the Central China Sea Center, 28th West Side Street, Beijing; risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials; risk of changes in industrial policy; risk of fluctuations in demand, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.