The price of photovoltaic membrane has risen exponentially, and the continued expansion has consolidated the dominant position of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has grown by 97.81 per cent, pers 0.98.
Photovoltaic membrane volumes have risen exponentially, and continued expansion has consolidated the status quo. In the first half of 2021, photovoltaic membrane operations generated current operating income of $5,232 million (not taking into account inter-sectional offsets, below the same), an increase of 68.88 per cent in the same year; photovoltaic membrane sales of $239 million flat, an increase of 17.55 per cent in the same year, an increase of 8.05 per cent in the ring, and an increase of 8.05 per cent in the average price of external sales.
It is estimated at about $10.53 per square. During the reporting period, the company continued to expand, adding 150 million additional photovoltaic membrane capacity, and the sensibilization of the membrane business was well expanded, with a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered. The electronic materials sensitisation membrane, as a new business that the company has developed in recent years, achieved $316 million in operating income in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 316.83 per cent over the same period;
The sales of RDDs were 45,471.5 million flat, a significant increase of 210.95% over the previous year. Corporate RD products have completed full coverage of acid erosion, electroplating, and ldi's main market series, reaching domestic leadership levels and are now entering deep-south circuits, deep United Technology, Xinyang Electric, Oscon, etc.
The supply system for the type-pcb plant. In other operations, the photovoltted backboard generated business income of $323 million, with a sales volume of 31.3683 million flat, an increase of 26.44 per cent compared with the previous year. The growth was 96.38 per cent at the beginning of the year. In a context of tension in the supply of evaporated particles and rising prices, companies actively prepared their goods.
The company, as a photo-voltaic company, has a global market share of more than 50%. While the Division is actively expanding production to consolidate the flagship, the self-researched production of the membrane product is well-developed.
The company is expected to grow by 20.97% over the next three years, covering for the first time a “possession” rating. The risk of lower profitability is the higher cost of materials, such as luminous resins, pet membranes, securitizers, etc.
One photo-voltaic membrane has grown structurally, new materials have sailed, new materials have stung, new materials have a strong position, and there is wide scope for new materials. The company, as the industrial leader in the field of photo-voltaic membrane in the country, accounted for about 60% of the city in 2020. The company's photo-voltaic membranes are rich, and the eva membranes cover conventional, anti-pid, anti-snail cattle.
At the same time, the company launched a co-poe film and grid-transparent backboard to meet the material requirements of the two-faced power generation component. In 2015, the company launched new materials such as the radiance diaphragm, fccl, radiative overlaying film, aluminum plastic composite film, water treatment film support material.
Project construction, which has now been developed in collaboration with large domestic pcb manufacturers such as deep-south circuits, deep-associated technology, and congener electronics. Co-driving photo-voltaic film with new material products will provide a long-term driver of corporate growth.
The Technology Group, which effectively controls Lin Jianhua, the chairman of the group, holds shares in the company by holding direct and indirect shares 51.56%. The first two shareholders in the company hold shares of 63.95%, and the equity structure is concentrated and stable, providing security for the company’s continued sound operation.
The growth of the photovoltaic industry has resulted in a steady increase in the volume of corporate production and sales, a steady increase in net profits from the collection and repatriation of mothers in recent years, and an increase of $5,232 million in the profits from the industry, a corresponding increase of 68.88 per cent, or 91.55 per cent of the total.
Rapid growth has resulted in higher sales of company photo-voltaic membrane production, and an overall upward spiral of income and net profit returns to mothers. 2021h1 companies received current revenues of $5,716 billion, an increase of 69.29% over the same period; and a net return profit of $904 million, an increase of 98.08% over the same period.
The pre-opinion film product is divided into three main categories: Transparencyeva, Whiteeva, and Poe. The white one is Transparencyeva, with a higher reflectivity rate; Poe film is better in terms of water-resistance, dampness and high-resistant Pid, so the high-performance poe film has a higher premium and profit margin. Given the advantages of Poe film, the current Poe membrane is the dominant one.
To be applied to the two-bond component, therefore, with the increased penetration of the end-bond component, the rise in the high-value-added poe film and the increased profitability of the industry are accelerating, as can be seen from the company’s overall increase in photo-film Maori in recent years. The expansion of capacity is under way, with the company’s photo-film tap status expected to be maintained.
Billions of flat-voltaic membrane production capacity, with a total capacity of 1.4 billion by the end of 2021. The company’s photovoltaic membrane production capacity will reach 1.8 billion when all the projects are planned. The expansion of production capacity will further consolidate the company’s photo-voltaic tap, with high-market patterns expected to accelerate the process of national production of electronic materials, which is expected to become a new point in company performance in the future.
Research and development of new materials such as dry membranes, fccl, etc. have made some breakthroughs in recent years and are making a positive contribution. The company’s luminous series of membrane products have now been successfully imported into deep south circuits, deep-seated technology, congener electrons, Oscon, and other large domestic pcb companies.
For other electronic materials operations, fccl has now completed a small batch of experimental products covering uncoated and uncoated panels, and the process of national production is expected to continue.
Assumption 3: Solar power generation systems and other operations remain stable, on the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2021-2023 as follows: we selected three companies in the photovoltaic industry as comparable companies, with an average of 39.47 times the average per company in 2021.
As a photovoltaic company, the global market accounts for more than 50% of the world’s total. While the firm’s active expansion is consolidating its flagship position, the self-researched business of silicon products is expanding well, with significant increases in both revenue and sales, and is expected to be a new growth point for the company in the future.
1) Risk of failure to release the company ' s capacity as scheduled: 2) Risk of less than expected global light voltage; 3) Risk of less than expected penetration of the two-bond components.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.