The reported performance was in line with expectations, and the short-term cost advantage was expected to be magnified by 69 per cent over the same period, with a net profit of $900 million, an increase of 98 per cent over the same period; of that amount, q2 Q2 achieved income of $2.9 billion in the single quarter, an increase of 55 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $410 million, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, which was in line with expectations.
The market for q2 membrane rose slightly, while the price of raw materials dragged back the Maori rate: while components started slightly below expectations in the second quarter owing to the price of raw materials, the company, with its strong product and cost advantage, still had 240 million flat q2 of the membrane, an 8 per cent ring increase and a small increase in the city ' s share to over 60 per cent.
The average price of particles increased in the second quarter by about 7 to 10 per cent over the quarter, resulting in a decline in the company ' s Māori Ring ratio.
The ability to produce membrane continues to expand and strengthen the industry: 150 million membrane production was added to the company in the first half of the year, and another 150-250 million membrane production is expected to take place in the second half of the year. The company ' s membrane production will rise to 3. q4 membrane volume, with a significant increase in the performance ring ratio by the end of the year.
Sub-production needs continue to strengthen the global leader. Rapid growth in the flow of radiated membranes has led to global headlines in the first half of the year: 420 million silicon membranes and 24,000 tons of alkali soluble resin projects are expected to be upgraded to electronic materials in the first half of the year.
Competitiveness and profitability in the field contribute to the development goal of becoming a global supplier of photo-dry film products in 3-5 years. The firm’s cost advantage is likely to be magnified in the second half of the year with the continued tight supply of and demand for evaporation particles.
The demand boom and the increase in the proportion of PVs produced by the eva installations has led to a recent consecutive increase in the prices of cable-grade evas. While short-term PV prices have remained stable, demand is expected to continue to grow during the course of the year, taking into account the fact that few new evas have been supplied by the end of the year and that demand continues to grow.
It is expected that the cost advantage will be further magnified by the ability of companies to manage the supply chain and their ability to manage costs through excellent supply chain management.
Demand is not as high as expected and the price of raw materials is higher than expected. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment