Cobalt Industry (603799): The advantage of over-expected cobalt mining performance in 2017 is highlighted by the disclosure of performance forecasts for 2017, where the company's net return profit in 2017 is projected to be net profit on non-recurring gains and losses in the renminbi East, which is expected to increase by 1,582 million yuan to 1,832 million yuan compared to the same period in the previous year.
Higher than expected performance, benefiting from a rise in cobalt prices and a significant increase in the demand for three-dollar lithium batteries; an annual increase of almost 150 per cent in the low-end cobalt price in 2017; and electrolytic cobalt (99.8 per cent: Kanagawa, Zambia)a total equity (millions)
The company ' s cobalt products benefited mainly from a significant increase in domestic demand for three-dollar lithium batteries, sales, and a high share capital (million shares). As new energy cars were sold well, it was expected that the widespread use of three-dollar materials would lead to annual growth in 2018.
Cobalt supply is small and has limited expansion. Cobalt production is concentrated mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, accounting for more than 70 per cent of global production. Two mining projects in the Chinese-American cobalt industry are expected to produce 4,000 tons of capacity, and in the Maungbao mining industry, 3,000 tons.
As a result, the increase in cobalt in 2018 is expected to be very limited, which is more supportive of the price of cobalt, while the Chinese cobalt industry is also active.
More productively, the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve. Many years of active upstream deployment of resources, leading the cobalt industry, the company began to do so in Congolese gold in the main cobalt-mining area as early as 2008 and was controlled by the company in 2008.
With 75 per cent of the equity of Mikas, Cdm, under the banner of P527 in 2015, while providing mining security to the company through equity nzc, holding shares of luckyresources, the company currently has a reserve of approximately 6.48 million tons of cobalt. The company produced approximately 24,000 tons of cobalt in 2017 and is expected to reach 2018.
By 28,000 tons, a further increase in the capacity of companies in the face of rising prices for cobalt mining will facilitate the contribution of public interns' directors to this paper because of the low elasticity of the basics of cobalt mining and the fact that demand is driven by the high volume of new-energy automobile sales.
Cobalt prices are expected to remain high and even continue to rise, and the price of raw materials will directly guarantee increased corporate profits.
Strong. In the long run, when cobalt prices are too high, the industry may consider moving in the direction of high nickel three-dollar lithium batteries, so that corporate profits may be more likely to come from increased productive capacity, with companies expected to belong to their parent companies in 2018 and 2019, with their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce the report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.