Three-quarter non-net profit rounder improvements, followed by a significant drop in net profit in the first three quarters and a three-quarter round improvement. Company published performance in the first three quarters of 2018: operating income of $18,893 million, a year-on-year increase
The main reason for the change in the company's performance is: (i) the company's main smart brand customers use two-faced glass,
A significant increase in the number of new mid- and high-end machines in the backside of the glass, a steady and faster growth in operations such as smart worn equipment, smart households, vehicle-borne equipment, and a similar increase in the production and sale of corporate products; and (2) an increase in the unit price of some products, as a result of higher human and depreciation costs
Declines, a large number of new product test-inputs have led to a greater loss of good rate, and interest rates for corporate products as a whole have fallen somewhat in comparison: (3) The impact of non-recurring gains and losses on net profits in the current period is about $1 billion to subsidize upfront R&D inputs for new products.
The company ' s Māori rate has declined significantly, with interest growth pushing up the financial cost rate. The first three quarters point. On the cost side, the company ' s sales cost rate and management cost rate were 1.86 per cent, respectively, and there was a sustained increase in R&D investment, with R&D costs of $1,145 million in the previous three quarters.
At the end of the period, stocks grew significantly, predicting an increase in income. At the end of the company, stocks reached 3,983 million yuan, an increase of 80.23 per cent over the same period.
Two-sided glass and 3d-curve glass are showing trends, with diversified layouts nurturing profit growth points. The company entered the consumer electronics-protected glass industry earlier and has access to windows and windows.
The core technology, supply capacity and technology for back-liding glass production is relatively strong. The first three quarters of this year, China, oppo, vivo, mill, and so on, a new machine was launched, using a two-faced glass, a 3d-curled glass look, and a fair face.
The Division’s corresponding products present a great deal of demand, and the company will be in the midst of larger markets and growth. In addition, the company is actively developing its acoustic products, ceramics, contact sensors, precision structures, etc., to foster new profit growth points and provide a long-term impetus to the company’s performance.
Profit forecasts and ratings: corporate operating costs increase, Māori rate decline, 3-quarterly report Figure 1: p/eband Figure 2: p/bhand