Rehydration has increased. The scale effect has increased profit margins. \triangleright base market continues to contract, accelerating nationwide. 2024q2 companies have achieved revenues of $4,391 million.
The product structure has benefited from the rapid development of the city’s \triangleright, which has generated between 36.42% and 3,754 million yuan per year; and other beverages.
To $476 million, which continues to rise; other beverages that do not include the “drinking water” are earned on the same basis \triangleright Profit Forecast and Investment Ratings: the company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution is continuously optimized out of the province
The \triangleright system, perfecting the business team, we believe that corporate energy beverages are expected to grow better in the country’s markets. Looking ahead, in 2024, we believe that the East Poon will continue to contribute to income gains.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
Wei-Jin Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, double degree in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entering the white wine.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 was added to the national Thai trade union, 2021/2022 as a core member of the new wealth team for construction.
Beverage team, mainly covering white wine plates. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, with beer covered (Deep study of Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer), beverages (Deep study of Farmer Springs, Dong Peng beverage, Joy)
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.