24q2 performance exceeded the forecast ceiling slightly, while h2 continued to be expected to increase profit slightly above the forecast ceiling. Of this, 24q2 battalion received $4.39 billion, or +47.9 per cent of the year; the net profit from mother-to-child consumption was +36.4 per cent of the year's revenue, and the high-value advantage of products was further highlighted and expanded.
The company scavengers show a trend towards rejuvenation and white collarization among the consumer population, with an increase in the consumer contribution of the city's second-line city.
With the help of the rapid development of web sites, channels for resonance +sku diverse layouts + slogans and brands producing a topical effect, the peak of the day sales of water-rehydration has continued to rise to an all-time high. 24q2 other beverages are receiving 193.8% of the same amount, and the "1+6" multi-species strategy has evolved in an orderly manner.
Cost dividends add scale effects and efficiency management to the 24q2 profitability increase significantly. The price of raw materials such as mother pets, paper boxes, white sugar, etc., drops, releasing cost dividends. The cost of sales is 14.3 per cent.
The same ratio-1.6 pcts; the management rate of 2.1%, and the same ratio-0.7 pcts, precision management and scale effects contributing to cost-effectiveness increases, which are expected to lead to profit expansion after breaking key income levels. With temperature rises + rain-fed northwards + Olympics commercials catalyzing, momentum sales are expected to continue to flourish, while as of 6
Corporate contract liabilities at the end of the month remained at historically high levels of $2.5 billion, with sufficient downstream orders, and companies would continue their downward trend towards the 2024 fiscal year target, with the same costs as the stacking of sugar and package, with profit-making elasticity released, while long-term space would require attention to the persistence of the fission + second growth curve of special drinks products.
1. Galactic Beverage, Inc., with a record q2 increase, peaks, special drink and second curve resonance, with a view to creating Yunnansheng.
Production base, layout multi-species and nationalization 3.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (the catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.