q2 at an all-time peak, special drink and second curve resonance, Liu Xin Xin, income up at an all-time peak of q2 and high-drinking + water recharge. 24q2 is expected to be equal to the same amount.
The advantage of high value for money for products is further highlighted in the context of the slowness of the situation; (2) the high speed of development of the web site plus singles is evident; stores are well sold, downstream channels stocks are down, demand for orders exceeds capacity supply, and some orders accumulate to end of season; 3) the temperature of the country is higher than in the same period of the year, with less rain becoming a new increase in the southwest and north.
Long poles; 4) Rehydration is driven by a number of factors, such as rapid web development +sku expansion + marketing support + spokespersons, which continue to be visible, and the peaks of the day sales continue to be historically high. The scale effect, precision management, and cost collapses, resulting in significant improvements in q2 profitability. 24q2 returns.
1) Continued release of large-scale single-save dividends; 2) fine-tuning management of digital stacking channels to drive internal relative depth of 300, efficiency gains; 3) increased profit for people after breaking key income levels, driven by channel leverage
The price of big raw materials, such as white sugar, pet bottles, and paper boxes, has fallen the same time. Scarcity. Short-term, as July-August increases + rain + north + Olympics, the market is expected to continue booming.
Good profit-end elastic release, long-term space to focus on the persistence of the fission + second growth curve of special drink products, Table 1: Key financial indicators forecast.
The Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinjiang, Master of Economics, People’s Institute of Securities, 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.