On July 10th, 2024, Dong Ping Bing's mid-2024 performance forecast was released.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn  performance over-expected, profit elasticity released
Capacity to continue to strengthen frozen construction, increase the exposure of whole products, boost end-marketing, and, on the basis of sustained growth, actively explore multiple product development and foster new growth points.
Multi-industrial base layout, craft-making beverages group, currently strong, while nationalization continues to accelerate, the distribution system and advertising in the north of the country will continue to increase in numbers to contribute to the production of new water and water.
This year, there will be 2 million distribution sites, with the goal of achieving a successful conclusion, as well as a better sale in such places as youth basketball leagues, campuses, sports halls, landscape parks, etc.
1 East Poon Beverage (605499): Powerful marketing as a high-performance engine, new high-speed booster, monthly investment agreement to build the "Tianjin Beverage Production Base Project", investment
In April 2024, an investment agreement was signed for the construction of a project to build a production base in the Middle Mount of the East Pinocchio Group, with a total investment of not less than 2.5 billion yuan.
Long-sighted, high-growth new items. 2024-04-Agreement for the construction of the Kunming Production Base Project of the East Ping Beverage Group. Total investment in the project. Over-expected, expected volume of new items. 2024-01-
The company continues to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while new products such as electrolysis water grow faster and become the second-growth curve.
The risk of downside macroeconomics, less than expected sales of East Patt beverages, less than expected sales during the season, less widespread new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.