The performance has continued to increase, and channels have been able to quickly replicate an incident evaluation report by the company East Ping Beverage (605499.sh) which was released in mid-2024 on 30 August 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has continued to improve performance and profitability. Performance has continued to increase, and profits are located on top of the forecast area.
101.51%. The lower cost leads to an upturn in the Māori rate, with a higher scale effect resulting in a similar rate. 1.59-0.73 pcts. The absolute value of the sales cost is due to an increase in the number of salesmen and in freezer inputs, with a greater scale effect due to higher income.
The same rate of use has declined. Strong sales have resulted in higher net operating cash flows, and the reservoirs remain more robust in performance. 2024h1/2024q2 net cash flows from operating activities, 1 and East Plum beverages (605499): excellent performance.
The main product expands the consumer population, rehydrates the rapid release of water, is expected to increase, rehydrates are shown to be a powerful engine with high performance, and new products are powered up.
The sales of soft drinks sku are ranked third in the country, and there is a clear trend towards young white collars among the people who consume them, as well as the expansion of jobs from blue collars to white collars such as the Internet, advertising, and teaching and training, and subsequent penetration rates are expected to increase.
The Division, taking advantage of its strong channel advantage, has rapidly rolled out multi-smelling, multi-packaged products, supported by high-frequency match-up publicity, to match sports scenes such as sweatpoints to achieve high product growth on the basis of the industry's rapid release.
See, 2024H1 East Poet/East Porpoise Rehydration/other beverage sales are sugar-free tea, “Curry” creates a new brand image to foster young people, vivi cocktails promote high-priced products: fruit and vegetable juices such as raw oil juice.
Attracting specific regional consumers; “Sea Island Coconut” Coconut beverages to the military dining grounds.  Nationalization is advancing smoothly, channel power continues to rise. Regional income ratio in the east continues to decline and the nationalization strategy is moving ahead smoothly; battalion 2024q2
Channels, 2024h1 distribution channels/direct/line channels/other channels Frozen displays, “opinion operations” to improve terminal access; 2024q2 battalion received more than 3.6 million active terminals covered by the distribution network, with cumulative non-repeating exposure to consumption
The company is now moving towards a multi-grade strategy based on the brand, product, and channel advantages accumulated over many years, and is working to become a comprehensive drink group. We look forward to the company's continuing to raise its market share on the energy beverage main track, and new ones like electrolytic water.
The goods grow faster and become the second-growth curve. According to the report, we adjust downside macroeconomic risks, lower-than-expected sales of eastern pontoon, lower-than-expected sales during the season, lower-than-expected promotion of new products, higher-cost risks, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- and medium-term, the potential is captured by thinking about the white wine plate, which has deep market-based thinking and insight into the wine, and the sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.