East Poon Beverages: Nationalization is on the rise, q2 performance is on the rise, nationalization is on the increase, and water is on the rise. Company revenue q2 is on the rise 47.88% compared to year q2 and income is on the upper line, higher than previously expected. q2 East Pinocchio is on the other side.
The income of $3.75 billion, or +36.4 per cent, and of other beverages, is $630 million, which is expected to break the $1 billion mark by the same year. On the one hand, there is a clear trend towards expanding the population of energy drinkers, and the expansion of the company’s nationalization has accelerated, with the company’s national terminal now reaching more than 3.6 million; and on the other hand, there are more than 3.6 million people;
On the other hand, the company’s new rehydration has been growing faster, with an increase in pull-through decentralization in the promotion of the project and the precision permeability of the sweatsite. By region, 2024q2 Guangdong region/non-Guangdong area/upline + upland growth is visible, with revenue from China’s east/China/Guangxi/south-west/north China, respectively.
The North, Southwest, China, and East China have been growing rapidly. The price of raw materials and the scale effect have continued to increase, and the profit level of q2 has continued to rise.
As of 46.05%, mainly due to lower prices of raw materials such as pet, and the effect of increased sales on scale < < Dong Peng beverages: higher year-round performance, higher in step. q2 sales/management/financial cost rates, respectively, for costs.
< < Dong Peng beverages: Cost pressure has slowed, provinces and cities have been concentrated in q1 and sales have been increased to a significant extent, and sales and management rates have declined to varying degrees. q2 net interest rates are equal to +3.7 pct to
The Division is expected to continue to grow rapidly through the expansion of the out-of-town network and single-point precision farming. At the same time, new products and energy continue to increase, and this year ' s rehydration will add a variety of new specifications and taste products, as well as to promote it through a sweat-skinning project, the company is expected to continue to expand through the out-of-area network, and so on.
The cultivation pattern continues to grow rapidly, while new products continue to contribute to the growth, while other new products, such as sugarless tea, curry, coconut juice and so on, are expected to grow in volume, product matrix days are improved, and new product planning ideas are becoming clearer. Nationalization of large monoliths and new products are expected to grow.
With rapid release, rapid growth continues throughout the year. East Plum beverages: nationalization is positive, q2 performance is higher than expected, new products are not as popular as expected, and web sites are not as well developed as expected.
East Peng Beverage: Nationalization is on the move, q2 is over-expected.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.