New energy, nationalization accelerates, and East Peng's beverages are reported in mid-2024.
The core is growing robustly. The size of the new product is expanding rapidly. The company's core is continuing to drink solidly, with 2,855 million yuan in 24h1 battalion, an increase of 33.49 per cent.
3,754 million yuan, an increase of 36.42 per cent. The steady growth of core monoliths provides a solid basis for the release of new products, the growth of power, the continued expansion of sku at the end of the product, the channel, the end-of-the-end, the intensification of brand-end publicity and the achievement of $476 million in the first half of the year.
6.76%. The company has now successfully built energy-based beverages, covering coffee, electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, pre-arranged cocktails, vegetable protein beverages and multi-lugmented large packaging series, which form a comprehensive and balanced product matrix for achieving a single product.
The country’s pace of nationalization is rising again, with a sharp increase in direct camp and on-line channels. The 24h1 region has a combined current revenue of $4,698 million, an increase of 57.02% over the previous year, a further increase of 24q1.
The market in Guangdong, the 24h1 main base, performed well and earned 2,114 million yuan, a year-on-year growth channel, a year-on-year recovery of 189,861 million yuan on the 24h1 line with the direct channel, a year-on-year ratio, with 2,982 corporate distributor partners and more than 3.6 million sales networks throughout the country.
Effectively active end-to-end shops, with an increase of 9.09 per cent over the end of the previous year, with cumulative non-repeating terminal charges exceeding 210 million. Nationalization strategy implemented to further expand the scale of sales, increase the number of salesmen and increase the amount of ice
- 23/04/2024, but the sales rate fell by between 0.25 and 15.56 per cent on the same date.
Control is good. The net cash flow from operating activities is 2,267 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
The establishment of nine production bases in key regions has increased the coverage of domestic markets and reduced the cost of logistics transport, providing a solid basis for deepening the implementation of the multi-goods strategy.
During the first half of the year, the company continued to grow up and continue to grow well in the Guangdong market while actively developing the national market, nurturing and developing diversified product matrices on the basis of solid energy beverages, and reaching out to multiple dimensions on-line, sustaining consumer trust and buy-back.
There has been a steady movement from a monolithic to a multi-grade complex of drinks, and as the growth of new products has accelerated and nationalization has deepened, we expect companies to have a 24-26-year business income that increases the cost of raw materials, and new products that are not growing as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.