According to the announcement, 2024h1 is expected to achieve revenue \triangleright
+39.7% We believe that it is primarily the company's ongoing nationalization strategy, guided by a firm concept of “doing the right thing, do the right thing”, which is managed through fine channels, which constantly enhances the operational capacity of the canals, improves the exposure of the whole product, boosts the marketing of the terminal.
With the ability to develop, we believe that the company continues to grow deep in the base market, while the national market maintains a high-grade expansion that is beginning to yield positive results, and that new products are expected to perform well. In addition, the company is in the middle of \triangleright \triangleright
On this board, we are actively exploring multi-grade developments, fostering new growth points, and adding new dynamism to the company’s sustained growth. With the help of new products, such as the East Pelican Rehydration, other beverage revenues are expected to continue the upward trend of a quarter.
\triangleright’s improved capacity is evident, and we believe that with high income growth, the scale effect is spread over cost inputs. Investment proposal: the company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system is constantly being optimized and improved in the provinces
\triangleright Business Team, we believe that corporate energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market, and water is expected to grow nationwide with the company's excellent channel capacity. We expect the company to grow.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 was added to the national Thai trade union, 2021/2022 as a core member of the new wealth team for construction.
Beverage team, mainly covering white wine plates. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, with beer covered (Deep study of Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer), beverages (Deep study of Farmer Springs, Dong Peng beverage, Joy)
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.