Information technology hardware and equipment perform at a high rate of growth, with high-end product q3 expected to be equal, excluding net profit from non-repatriation of 240 million, corresponding to +3%, ring to 2%.
Flexible operations increase efficiency and profitability to achieve rapid growth in performance: corporate turnover, total profits, net return, pss increase by more than 30% on average, and net profit rate increases lag behind increases in raw materials. Net cash flows from operating activities decrease by 49% on a year-on-year basis.
Mainly as a result of the increase in cash paid for goods purchased during the period, cash paid to employees and taxes and charges paid to employees: $295 million in construction-in-progress, +86 per cent more than year-on-year, mainly inputs from the second phase of electronic enrichment of subsidiaries in 2017 and the company ' s fumigation method
Increased input from total equity/flow (millions of shares) fccl project.
Benefit technology depth: 5g high frequency ccl is available. Division - 2018/03/05 does not disclose a separate share of the copper sheet and the sticker, but its sales and output are based on the proportion base followed
As a result of a 2.39 per cent increase in sales in the first half of 2017 and a 10.10 per cent increase in the second half of the year, mainly due to a reasonable arrangement of inventories by companies in order to increase profits, the company plans to operate 8,543,000 square metres of copper in 2018.
In the second half of 2017, the same value was about $109, which is about 15.7 per cent, and the same value for the first half of the year was about $114.8, which is about 114.8, which is the same rate of improvement in productivity and efficiency.
30-40% (insufficiency of raw materials), q2 gradually reaches 60%, and q3 achieves design capacity.
In terms of profitability, the ratio of corporate cars to telecommunications boards has increased, and several new products that have been developed autonomously have a higher Māori rate and have started to be sold in the market; it has been effective, for example, by streamlining personnel, with a ratio of +277 per cent, is the return on fair value changes during the equity period and the benefit of investments, and the Government has contributed.
The annual growth rate of global pcb output is 11.7%, well above the expected 5% at the beginning of the year, and the shift in industrial energy into a new period of accelerated growth, from just end-of-sale growth to technological innovation downstream. At the demand side, the land capital pcb plant is in an accelerated process of expansion.
A number of companies, such as Xingwang, have new projects that started in 2018 q2 and will continue to boost the demand for ccl after the new capacity is released. The company raised prices cautiously in 2017, placing client openings and relationship maintenance at the top of 20%, and represented clients during the reporting period, including Boshio, Mainland China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Nokia, waves, etc., are at the forefront of global subdivisions, corresponding to high rates of growth in automobiles, e.g., telecommunications, heat-catalyzing, and guaranteed long-term demand. With regard to the sale price of copper, there will be no significant improvement in the supply of raw materials until the end of 2018, and the current glass is in place.
However, the q2 sheet price is expected to rise steadily and, in addition, the common q1 yield will increase significantly, and the new yield will grow, with an overall output growth rate of about 5 g HFccl, no glue fccl, and the third arrow on the base of the ic, which will contribute to the valuation of performance.
Double-up. During the reporting period, the c-carried product stomped on the domestic market, and high-frequency material, based on years of accumulation and active efforts to address problems such as the shortage of copper and inadequate supply, has grown exponentially. Specialized plants for high-frequency products have been set up, from technology to certification.
There is a high point of departure for companies to collaborate with Japan in introducing process, technology, and equipment solutions for ptfe products. The project is now in its implementation phase, with South Tong, the company disbanding Avery in response to market demand, and working with lig in Korea to introduce a soft coating system.
Without rubber-based equipment and technology to meet the needs of the market, domestic technology gaps have also been filled. The HFccl project is being implemented in two phases, with an annual total capacity of 1.5 million m2 (500,000 m2) and we expect to generate an annual income of between $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion in the postnatal period, with a net profit.
High-end technology reserves and future performance growth elasticity: corporate R & D inputs are mainly concentrated in low-media wear and tear substrates applicable to servers, high-resistability and heat-resilient auto-based electronics, high-heat-resistant low-media loss high-speed applications for communications
Base material, 5g with high frequency base material, high density hdi with base material, high cti base material for vehicle chargers, heat conductivity 3.ow/m k aluminum base plate, etc., can capture the highest point of national production of copper and increase the resilience of companies ' future performance.
It's been growing at a very high rate all year, expanding and opening up new space for new businesses.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.