The Sini Mountain Billion, the Employer Securities (60137.sh) has lost their track record and is expected to be better in the future.
In 2022, the company owns, brokered, managed (including \triangleright Employer securities — the certificate index)
Self-employment accounts for the greatest burden of performance, but q4 self-employment has been reversed from negative returns of $1,077 million, resulting in an overall improvement in corporate performance for four quarters. Company 22q4 has achieved operating income of $3.438 billion, an increase of 51.10 per cent, a net return of $407 million to the mother, and an increase of 110.64 per cent.
Corporate liquidity and interest net revenue performance. Business segments of the Employing Securities have shown only interest net income positive growth, mainly due to cash availability at the end of the asset company, short-term debt payments, a 37.58 per cent increase in the size of the company ' s own and client ' s reserves in 2022, and its own funds and clients ' provisions.
Interest income on gold increased by 32.39 per cent, short-term financing payable decreased by 40.52 per cent, short-term loan expenditure decreased and wealth management remained promising.
Self-directional expansion is continuing. In 2022, the company insisted on the need to promote and actively invest \triangleright.
In addition, to speed up the off-site derivatives business and to continuously promote the non-directional expansion of self-employed operations, during the year the securities were issued as market trading qualifications, and during the year the system of the off-site derivatives business platform for management, valuation, trading, wind control, reporting as one was initially completed.
In 2022, the owner of the company carried $27,654 million, the sector ranked 11th, the finance owner 22,257 million, and the industry ranked 7th.
The company is committed to building a business chain-wide system of brokerage services, continuously improving the capacity of the pb business services, adding 6 to the private sector, maintaining 5496 private fund-raising products and ranking 5 in the industry.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: As macroeconomics improve, market risk preferences increase, financial assets increase fair value, capital management plans and fund products are issued in an orderly manner, companies invest on their own and have a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, nor will I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.