Quietly run, end of bc. Quarterly review, 2023, November 1st, 2023.
Events: Three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2023, resulting in a gross operating income of $292,380 million, which represents an increase over the same period in the previous year; a continuation of the focus on core business and products, with a more robust growth at both the revenue and profit ends.
(b) At the end of the third quarter of this year, corporate contract liabilities stood at $29.41 billion, an increase of 20.17 per cent over the previous quarter, ring-to-mic b-end business continued to grow well, and c-end branding continued to deepen.
New energy and industrial technology revenues are $21.3 billion, a 25% increase in the same year, smart architecture and technology revenues are $21.2 billion, a 19% increase in the same year, and robotics and automation revenues are $22.9 billion, a 17% increase in the same year.
During the year, Kuka launched a new Krcybertech series of robots in the general industrial sector, which promotes automated business development. In the new energy sector, when companies are in the field of electrons, they actively participate in the electricity table bidding process, and focus on opportunities in the global energy storage industry to expand markets in North America, Asia, Africa, and South America.
In the first half of the year, the accumulated shipment of storage capacity was close to 800 mwh. In the end-of-service sector, the company’s high-end brand Colmo&toshiba retail revenue exceeded $8.6 billion, an increase of about 21 per cent over the same period.
In the third quarter alone, the company’s sales rate of 27.12%, the return to 27% for the first time after the epidemic, and the improvement in net interest rates are expected mainly to be due to the steady price of raw materials and the downside of maritime prices. The investment proposal is that it is beautiful to have a smart home, a machine and electric complex, a warm-up and a building.
The Department of Enterprise, the Department of Robotics and Automation, the Global Group of Technology, the five major business units of Digital Innovation, insist on product innovation, diversified business layout, and strong combined competition. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a unit refers to 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board reference point is three.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.