United States Group: B End business continues to develop, q3 gains slightly improved \triangleright net profit \r.9485 billion, i.e. +11.93 per cent, net profit for non-repatriation is $9.189 billion
b End +c end double-wheel-drive growth. q3 corporate b-side business growth with smart construction/new energy and industrial technology/robots and automated business generating operating income, respectively.
The third quarter of the year saw a 120 per cent increase in the volume of shipments, more than three times that of the same year; the company's flag, the electronic American storage company, officially unveiled its license and signed a battery storage system with a prominent American energy company, with a total supply contract of 437 mwh, further entrenching America's storage capacity in overseas industries.
In the case of Yoon Sundae C, the company’s two high-end brands, Colmo & Toshiba, earned more than $8.6 billion in retail sales, +21% in the previous three quarters.
q3 Māori has improved significantly, with increased cost inputs. q3 Māori is 27.12%, compared to \triangleright + 2.49pct. From a cost ratio point of view, q3 is selling, managing, R & D, and financial costs
The improvement in the Māori-benefit rate was evident, with q3 having a parent net profit rate of 10.08 per cent, a significant increase in net operating cash flows over the same period and a slight decrease in liquidity efficiency. 1) q3 end-of-period corporate monetary funds + transactional financial assets totalling $7.9061 billion, compared to H1
This is due to an increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services by the company, coupled with a decrease in cash received from the company for the purchase of goods and the receipt of labour expenditures. (3) Company q3 inventory, receivables, accounts payable and turnover days compared to 23h1 respectively
+1.16 + 0.12/ + 1.79 days, with reduced liquidity efficiency. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in the case of end-of-course operations, we believe that the beauty is growing steadily in domestic electricity through high-end, landscape-based, oem and autonomy in overseas markets
At the same time, the company keeps increasing the layout of its b-side business, taking advantage of the development transition opportunities of high-end manufacturing, photovoltaic storage, new energy vehicles, etc. We expect the company, Sinda Securities.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. maintains a “buy-in” rating of 11.38/10.20/9.29.
\triangleright, RMB, etc.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017. In July 2020, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is a researcher in the domestic electricity industry, Yoon Sung-dy, an assistant research assistant in the domestic electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College of London, double master ' s degree in economics, University of Covinius, Budapest, bachelor ' s degree in finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two degrees in Spanish.
Certificates, research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yoko, member of the team. Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College of London. Joined in 2022 as a member of the Portfolio, in research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances, cooking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.