The global panel tap is expected to be the first to benefit the industry in reverse.
Keywords: #capability expansion lcd panel leader worldwide, industry leader continues to work: Tokyo East is a global lcd panel leader, lcd panel manufacturer maintains control, supply decline panel prices stabilizes
Up. As the demand for tv warms, large-sized lcd panels will be rebalanced. Medium-sized and small-sized lcd panels will be transformed, smartphone panels will be reduced, and vehicle screens will increase as the market climate rises.
oled promotes performance growth, and new demand drives panel production: the market size of the market will rise rapidly, and the share of Chinese exports will rise. As overall demand prepares for recovery, the penetration rate of the panel will continue to rise. New markets such as fold screens, smart TVs, smart watches, etc.
The company continues to deepen its production, and the output of the unled is rising steadily.  The “1+4+n+ecological chain” is a comprehensive layout that embraces the great opportunities of the age of smart goods: the company has developed and continues to benefit from the policy dividend based on the “screens” strategy, and has formed the “1+4+n+ecological chain” industry.
“1”: the company, as a semiconductor, displays an intra-industry leader whose performance, accompanied by a steady upturn in panel prices and a steady improvement in product structure, is expected to be repaired steadily; and “4”: the innovation/sensors and solutions/smart medical industries are growing rapidly.
The holding power of luminous light power mled was rapidly upgraded, and the four high-altitude sea lanes are expected to become the main source of revenue in the future; “n”: companies are actively developing a disaggregated application landscape and implementing the transformation of physical networking; “Ecolinks”: companies are actively promoting localization of supply chains and fostering joint upstream and downstream development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we're looking at the company to pre-empt the profit panel industry cycle reversal and fast-tracking of the mled track to refine the business architecture of the “1+4+n+Ecolinks”, predicting company 2023-Kyotoa (000725), Kyoto Orientala:
The business’s average performance of 2023-2025pb with the trilogram (upstream spectra core supplier) increased significantly in the third quarter by a significant factor. The company’s current market value corresponds to 1.2/1.1/1.0 times the industry’s average valuation.
We gave the company two times pb in 2023, corresponding to a target market value of $28.6 billion, covering for the first time Kyoto Easta (000725); [East Wu Electronics is not as risky as expected; 3) shows that competition in the panel industry increases the risk.
Wang Li's team, the three-quarterly report of the King's East, reports that the three-quarters are over-expected, large-scale liquids, crystals and soft-led together.
1.lcd panel leads the world, industry leads the way, national producers dominate the large-sized lcd panel market, and the Kyoto East is strong. lcd shows the panel business side, and according to omdia data, the large-sized tft-lcd panel in Kyoto is the world’s number one.
I. In 2021, 300 million deliveries were made in the east of Kyoto, accounting for 32 per cent of the global volume; about 600 million square metres were delivered, accounting for 26 per cent of the global volume. In addition, in 2021, the east of Kyoto continued to have the world ' s highest volume of screen-based markets in the tv, mnt, nb, tablet, mobile phones and five major lcd applications.
1.1. lcd panel manufacturers maintain control, and prices are booming steadily. This round of price rebounds is largely dependent on supply-side maintenance. According to a group-thinking study, global panel producers maintain a low quarterly crop rate of 71 per cent, which is expected to be sustained by a strong recovery in the procurement needs of the complete plant during the second quarter.
The average crop rate has recovered slightly to 73%, with the high generation of lcd panels expected to return to close to 80%, and the supply-demand relationship in each application market to health. The current crop rate in Kyoto East remains below 70%, with the average crop-lcd crop rate following the adjustment of g10.5 and g8.6 lines in December 2022 down from 4 to 68% in November.
Figure 4: Changes in the global supply area of lcdtv
The output exits and the global supply area of lcdtv falls by a significant 18.7% during the quarter compared to the same period last year, and the panel manufacturer remains in control of production and has established effective control over supply. Downstream demand supports supply below in the second quarter. The overall supply and demand environment is balanced and prices are expected to rise structurally in the second quarter.
The positive effect is beginning to surface, with the global market of 2023q1 having a sharp balance of supply and demand, returning to about 5.1% (area benchmark). The projected two-quarter supply of panels, accompanied by a steady recovery of demand, is expected to fall further to 4.6%, with overall supply and demand straining.
Figure 5: ratio of supply and demand of the icdtv panel to large panel overall prices have recovered slightly. Large panel prices have recovered steadily since early March.
The 32, 43, 55, 65 inch tv panels are quoted at $30, 52, 88, 120, or 10% over the second half of February. After five consecutive quarters of decline, the price of the large tv panels has recovered steadily near the lowest level in nearly three years. The price increase is expected to continue in the second quarter.
For small and medium-sized sizes, the monitor and pen panel prices are generally stable. According to witsview, 21.5 inches of monitor and 17.3, 15.6, 14.0, 11.6 inches of pen panels remain unchanged for the period of 2022q4-2023q1, respectively.
The monitor price has been stable since late February 2023 to $61.6 per plate $47.7 per piece. Overall, the demand for the monitor and the pen panel remains weak, and the cost reduction of the panel plant has become apparent in parallel with the phasing down of the price.
Figure 6: Trends in large-sized tv panel prices (US$/share) Figure 7: Trends in moitor &notebook panel prices (US$/fibre) 1.2. Large-sized lcd warming, medium-sized and small-sized lcd demand transition
tv market demand has increased and demand for large-scale panel procurement has risen. Benefiting from the booming marketing and sports competitions, global tv output in 2022 fell by the same amount to -3 per cent, rising by 21.7 per cent on a quarterly basis, adding macroeconomics to a weak growth cycle, and the global tv market has begun to warm up.
The demand for television is expected to grow steadily in recent years in order to come from the South-East Asian market and the North American market, which is influenced by a large population base, manufacturing connection in mainland China, accelerated urbanization and continued television penetration; the North American market is expected to grow steadily in recent years, owing to a more stable economic pattern, the gradual normalization of pipeline stocks and a significant drop in the cost of raw materials and logistics.
The volume of shipments will increase by 1.5 to 150 million by the same year in 2023, while demand in large sizes of 55 inches and above will rise significantly. The slow recovery of market demand in tv and changes in product structure are expected to boost demand from upstream panels.
For mobile electronic devices such as mobile phones, tablet computers, and vehicle screens. According to digitimes, the medium and small size of the lcd panel used for smart phones reached 1.32 billion pieces in 2021, or about 70% of the total. Despite the recovery of mobile panel demand in the post-epidemiology era, mobile phone panels have shifted from tftlcd to amoled in recent years.
The trend is becoming more apparent, leading to a steady decline in the volume of lcd panels on smart phones. Digitimes predict that the small and medium-sized lcd panels will fall by 3.6 per cent each year during the period 2021-2027. In addition, the mainstream size of the tablet will accelerate large-scale expansion, and the demand for the small and medium-sized lcd panels will shift to large-sized lcd panels, which will cause a further decline in demand.
The lcd panel vehicle application is irreplaceable and is expected to replace smartphones as an engine for the growth of the lcd panel. The amoled panel is immature in applying technology in the area of vehicle displays and will take a long time before it can enter the market.
It will continue to grow, and with a larger screen and resolution, it will contribute to the expansion of demand in the market. The high profile of the car market is expected to increase the volume of tftlcd panels in 2027 to 210 million and 4.4 per cent in 2022-2027ecagr, which is expected to be the main engine of growth for small and medium-sized lcd panels.
1.3. China’s top producers, the company’s lead industry, the rapid exit from the market, and the steady expansion of the mainland’s producers. South Korea’s panel vendors are in a state of coolness because of the cost of the products and the weakness of the demand concentration countries and overall market demand.
By January 2023, mainland China announced the construction of 65 lcd/amoled panels with a total investment of about 1.5 trillion yuan, of which more than 45 had an lcd line and more than 20 had an oed line (in some cases).
A new line of production has been put in place, and other manufacturers are committed to existing production lines, restructuring of production capacity, or panel technology upgrading. Continental manufacturers are leading the world, and the big-size panels of Kyoto’s East are well established.
The advantage would be the highest share of domestic tft-lcd markets, with a global market share of about 28.9 per cent; followed by tcl and cluster photovoltaics, with a market share of 16 per cent and 11.5 per cent, respectively; and a market share of 9.9 per cent and 9.1 per cent, respectively, of Soyuda PV and Hecko shares, which would be accompanied by further upstream and downstream integration, the gradual exit of Korean plants from productive capacity and industry, and continued company-marketing.
As the country’s largest lcd paneler, the car and the argo-like firm, Kyoto East’s executive power is the country’s largest vehicle-based firm. In 2022, the company’s vehicle display recorded a profit of HK$9.80 billion, an increase of 47 per cent from 2021.
In 2022, the company further expanded its share of the global vehicle screen market, obtaining the first share of the market in terms of volume, size and size of delivery over 8 inches. With company tft showing a sustained increase in screen capacity in 2023, performance is expected to increase further.
2.oled promotes performance growth, new demand drives panel production 2.1. Global market size is increasing, China market size is increasing, China market size is expanding rapidly, and China’s export volume is rising rapidly.
Low weight, good seismic performance, rapid response time, good cryogenic properties, low energy consumption, and the ability to build on base panels of different materials, such as smartphones, smart TVs, smart watches, etc. downstream applications in the industrial chain will reach $57.7 billion, or 5.9%, according to the market size of the omdia year, as the world’s largest consumer e-commodity market.
China has a large end market. With increasing market demand and the strong rise of domestic panel producers, the Chinese industry has grown in size, and is expected to reach $39.3 billion in China’s market size in 2022. 2.2.oled panel penetration has increased, and new demand has driven industry development.
With the recovery of downstream demand, the oled panel penetration rate has continued to rise, and the oled downstream penetration rate is projected to reach 50.8% in 2023, compared to the largest smartphone market.
In 2026, it will be more than 60%. In addition, apple-type current numbers and pro series are loaded with the oled panel, while Andre has gradually continued to penetrate from the high-end flagship to the lower-middle-end.
The machine will be the fastest-growing segment of the industry, with market space growing from $22.2 billion in 2021 to $88.8 billion in 2024, and more than $100 billion in 2025. Demand will also continue to grow in other segments, such as smart television and smart watches, and there will be plenty of room for growth around the globe.
Itpo technology is expected to be a new growth point in the future industry. The two major backboard technologies at the present small scale are ltps and gzos, while ltpo technology, combined with their advantages, allows for a wide range of dynamic uplifting and reduction of power.
The market for high-end smartphones is now widely used. omdia data show that by the end of 2022, the number of ltpo-amoleds for smartphones will have increased by 94% over the same year, and the volume of shipments in 2023 will have remained at 25% over the same year. In other disaggregated areas, the ltpo/ltps technology will meet the demand for mainstream consumer vr devices for the next 5-10 years and will accommodate them.
2.3. The company ' s operations have grown steadily, with a steady expansion of multiple production lines, large-scale production and construction of protected rivers, and a bright business outlook.
In December 2021, the soft-led panel in the east of the country made the first delivery of the first scale in the month of December 2021. Cinnoresearch data show the average crop rate of 2022q4 east of the country.
For three consecutive years, the company has successfully delivered its major overseas customers, and its share of supply has continued to rise. In 2023, Kyoto’s share is expected to increase in the volume of deliveries to the major customer’s new unit.
In terms of supply patterns, large clients have been eager to reduce their single reliance on the three-star display panels, with the intention of diversifying on screen suppliers. Thanks to the technology and competitive prices of companies, future corporate supply to large customers is expected to continue to rise.
As a result of the increased demand for various panels in the area of the downstream segment, the production capacity of the Oeddos, Chengdu, Sunyang, Chongqing, etc., has been continuously released. The Oed factory has been launched in the capital, Chengdu, Zhangyang, Chongqing, and the Auled and ltpo production lines in Fuzhou and Beijing.
Reuters reported in January 2023 that Kyoto East planned to invest $400 million to build two factories in Viet Nam. The first Vietnamese factory was planned to be operational in 2025, producing small and medium-sized panels such as organic luminous diodes (oled), LCD monitors (lcd). With industry demand recovering, Kyoto East became a fully-fledged, Xiangyang, Chongqing.
In 2022, the world’s smart-phone panel was ranked second, and in 2023, the global supply of the board was expected to rise from 9% in 2022 to 13%. In terms of the average annual growth rate of the capacity of the unit, it is projected to be 9% between 2021 and 2027.
"1+4+n+Ecolink" is a comprehensive layout, a response to the great opportunities of the age of smart goods: "1+4+n+Ecolink" is a comprehensive layout, a non-subsidized strategic design for core competitiveness, and "1+4+n+Ecolink" is a comprehensive layout.
The company has developed to show that the business is at the core of the project, that the innovation business, the sensors and the solutions, mled and the intelligent healers are integrated, and that the “1+4+n+Ecolink” business has been set up in collaboration with a number of partners. After 30 years of deep farming in the industry, the company has developed a new business.
In 2022, performance was under pressure, waiting for the panel cycle to reverse. In 2021, companies benefited from the high demand and price downstream, with $221 billion in corporate revenues, up 62% from the same rate.
The downside effect is a 19% drop in corporate revenue of $178.4 billion. The change in the company’s Māori ratio and the high panel cycle, the tendency towards a balance between supply and demand and a rebound in panel prices, and the firm’s business capacity and profitability are expected to rise steadily.
With the development of domestic industries such as mobile phones, television, and computers, state subsidies have gradually become a profit guarantee and competitive advantage for panel producers. Corporate government subsidies have grown rapidly each year, from $5.46 billion in 2022 to 163% in the same year, and companies are expected to take the lead and continue to benefit from policy dividends as industry leaders.
Economic development, employment, technological upgrading, etc., creates a virtuous cycle of mutual benefit in the steady operation of production lines. 3.2. Semiconductors show the industry’s leadership, forward-looking technological upgrades. Semiconductors show the industry’s performance and are expected to recover steadily.
Mobile phones, tablet computers, laptops, monitors, television, vehicles, electronic signs, engineering controls, home medicine applications, wear applications, whiteboard devices, collation, commercial devices and display products such as vr/ar. As a source for corporate transformation development, the share of the display business was about 90% over the years.
The market share of lcd in the five mainstream applications is stablely at the top of the globe, with overall sales in the area of innovation rising by 40% on a year-on-year basis, and the world’s highest in 2022, when the market for car-loaded areas remained the highest in the world. As a result of the declining prices of major panels and panels, which showed the industry’s continued low position, the company’s small collection of displays fell to $157.9 billion in 2022, accompanied by future panel prices.
The company proposes high-value areas such as powered vehicles and vr/ar in order to upgrade its display business. In terms of product structure, the company speeds up the promotion of vehicle-based products using flexible technology such as amoled, miniled and bdcell.
In terms of capacity planning, companies are actively engaged in building production lines to capture the share of cars and vr in the market. In 2022, the Chengjing Orient electric train, which was launched, showed the base to reach about 15 million screens, covering 5-35 inches of liquid crystal vehicles, and the 6th Generation of Beijing, which uses the ltpo as the main technology.
A new semiconductor device production line, mainly a meta-cosm core display screen with high-end display products such as a direct backboard for Miniled. 3.3. High-submarine channels are developing at a rapid rate and continue to give power to luminous light power.
On the basis of a demonstration of core competencies and future technology and market predictions, the Department of Public Information has developed innovative operations for the placement of the network, sensors and solutions, mled and intelligent healers four main lines of action during the transformation of the network. The Internet innovation business mainly provides clients with intelligent end-products in the areas of television and monitors, and
The sensors and solutions focus on a number of areas, such as medical supplies and transport and architecture, and include specific products such as the x-ray tablet backboard and digital microflow control chips. mled is positioned as “building an active drive with cog at the core, cob/smd co-development mini/microled”
Eco-groups provide mini-red backlight products for lcd products such as mobile phones and tablets, and mini/micro-led display products for outdoor displays and commercial displays.
As a result of the breakthroughs in the various industries, the market openings have been significant, head-to-head imports have been successful, new products have been developed continuously and the health management expertise has been improving, and the 2022 launch of the Internet innovation business has been largely at the same level as last year.
These plates are expected to become an important component of future major business operations, with a similar increase of 41.8 per cent to 19.3 per cent in the insulation of sensors and solutions/intellectual medical industries, in a continuous and deep multidimensional layout of research and development technologies, production and capacity planning, application scenarios and customer structures.
To upgrade the design capabilities of the soft and hard integration systems of smart terminals, to strengthen the stock of new technologies for conversion and innovative business technologies, and to develop strategic clients on a continuous basis, in the direction of continued deep-deeping medical organisms, smart windows, consumer electronics, microwave communications, and industrial sensors.
To optimize the system of closed cycles of the full cycle of o+o health services and the unified membership management system, to connect the platform services, and to promote the construction of a life science and technology industry base in Beijing.
With super-precision semiconductor processes, high-speed mass rotations, printing technology and the three core advantages of uniquely am-driven technology, mled business became an important platform for the next generation of corporate layouts, with revenue rising to 850 million yuan in 2022, up 85% from the same rate in November 2022.
The chip and the advanced semiconductor solution lead supplier, luminous light power, with the led outer-extract chip process in conjunction with three of the company’s core technology components, mled, the company’s strategic building blocks of technology, is going to continue to provide luminous light power to speed up the entire industry.
The market size of dynamic industries continues to expand, and the long-term climate for mled business development is within reach. 3.4. Actively developing a disaggregated scenario, working with partners, actively developing a disaggregated application scenario and implementing a transformation of the physical network.
Specifically, focus on providing clients with new scenarios for full-scale, one-stop and intelligent networking in areas such as smart finance, smart parks, visual arts, intelligence retailing and industrial connectivity. For example, industrial connectivity-based industrial networking platforms provide solutions and product services to enterprises, such as smart production, smart factory areas and cloud services, to achieve design, supply.
The company works with partners to create win-win results, actively promote localization of the supply chain, foster joint development of the industrial chain, and strengthen the ecological capacity of the industrial chain.
There are about 5,200 corporate suppliers worldwide, with a supply chain localization rate of 72%. Companies work with customers, suppliers, and scientific institutions to build joint pilot platforms to effectively reduce supply risks by replacing some of the key products with technology overlaps.
4. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1) Showing instruments operations: accompanying a gradual recovery in the price of the lcd panel, continued improvement in the competitive patterns of the industry and downstream demand for a steady return to warmer, the maturity of the company ' s oled line and continued growth in high-value areas such as vehicles and vr/ar
Billion dollars, with a Māori ratio of 14/14 per cent, respectively.Innovation of the Internet: benefiting from the upgrading of the design capacity of the ai and Big Data Dissemination and the company ' s soft and hard integration systems, sensor operations: due to the company ' s continued cultivation of medical organisms, smart windows, consumer electronics, microwave communications and
In the direction of industrial sensors and so on, we expect the company's sensors and solutions operations to pick up 2023-2025. 4) mled: to accelerate the completion of the led chip key layout, thanks to the company's continued energy luminous light power.
We take note of the company's need for "1+4+n+1" tv LCD screens to improve the `1+4+n+1 ' , which is an important downstream application of the company's lcd panels, and if macro-economic and low consumption factors lead to lower demand for tv LCD screens than expected, it will build on the company's performance.
2) Unexpected risks of technological advances in the oled: the company’s leak in the production of the iPhone 15 series of oled screens, or the impact on large-scale production of the first iphone 15 series of old panels around June, and after 3) shows that competition in the panel sector increases the risk: the number of global panel manufacturers may lead to increased competition in the industry.
At the same time, the continued price boom may trigger a significant decline in the Māori industry, which could have a significant impact on the company’s performance.