The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) has taken the initiative to adjust and slow down the demand for repayments. The company is focusing on upgrading the product structure and keeping the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, and the sea.
The structure of the series of products such as Sky, Dreams and others is optimized, branding is continuously shaped through the concept of "year wine" in the Dream Blue Handiwork, and sea blues perform robustly in out-of-town markets and continue to benefit from the uplifting dividends of low-end products.
Industry integration, improvement of distributor classification management and distributor service measures, stabilization and enhancement of dealer confidence. 3. Subregions see the current increase in competition, with fewer new arrivals, larger declines, and slightly better outruns. Companies focus on intra-provincial, sub-provincial upland and model markets.
Deep nationalization, laying the foundation for medium- and long-term development. Interest rate decline is mainly due to the downside of the product structure in the context of external environmental impacts, with the second-highest product of dream 3, dream 6+ being supported by a lack of harvest scale, the impact of cost on net interest rates magnified and the product structure invested downward + rigidity.
The net cash flow from operating activities of 4, 24q3 is $1.41 billion, compared to 65.3 per cent; the brand is enhanced and the landscape is improved. 1, brand end, highlighted quality expression, magnified old wine, scarce value, high-strength branding, enhanced dream blue craft branding, high-end branding.
White wine brand values poles. 2, marketing end, maintaining strategic focus and resource focus, focusing on intra-provincial, off-provincial highland and model markets, deepening nationalization. 3, management end, strengthening market fundamentals.