Proactively adapted to high quality, spring-busting progress - Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) incident assessment report, 30 October 2024, 3-quarterly report 2024.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn
Product restructuring, sub-high end scene limited company distribution of core large single items on all price bands, short-term industry influences, sub-high price with large single dream 3 and 6+ sales burdened by the company.
1- Ocean River Shares (002.04): Opening the path for healthy development, relaxation of repayment requirements for distributors, resulting in stage of performance adjustment, enhanced dividends 2024-09-
Sexual pressure. This year, the company launched a large-scale Dreams Blue Handicrafts Global campaign to maintain high-end product layout and branding. 2, Ocean River Shares (002304); Focus seven.
On the other hand, deep nationalization is a four-step move 2024.
As a result, while the provincial infrastructure is being consolidated, it seeks to break through key markets outside the province, close down macroeconomic risks, the recovery of the consumer scene, the pace of development of the channels, the growth of the brands of the ditches, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.