24q3 Performance rating: Slow down, re-enactment, significant slowdown in out-of-pocket payments in q3 and deep adjustment of statements to release pressure. Corporate marketing strategy and channel control in 2024 are still in the consolidation phase, with 24q3 receiving the same one-time, one-season, cumulative and one-season ratio.
In the subregion, the projected decrease in q3 income is expected to increase, mainly due to weak out-of-pocket payments. With the continued weakness of the white wine sales, the increase in the number of channels offering to go to the reservoir, the concentration of brand choices, and the company’s loss.
Foreign non-core market returns have become more difficult to deliver, and the q3 out-of-country repayments have varied considerably from year to year. By product, since 24q2, companies have managed to moderate the m6+ out pace to stabilize prices, the sea blue continues to absorb solidity, and sales of crystal dream, sky blue, etc. are expected to perform relatively well.
Negative scale effects have resulted in a net gain and a significant recovery in fair value change gains. 1) Payback: q3 seasons +12.3 pct, +3.9 pct. Sales costs are stable at year-on-year rates due to the continuing momentum of events such as reception support, concert sponsorship, and projected major causes of decline in management costs on year-on-year basis.
The cost of old fees and research and development materials decreased. 3q3 fair value gains amounted to $190 million, an increase of 3.7. Ocean River Shares (002.04): 1 billion yuan in 2024, contributing about 6 pct to net interest rates, mainly because of a rebound in the market value of securities held by companies.
Performance rating: The pace of adjustment, the quality first, leads to deeper change and transformational leaps. The year 2024 was a year of internalization of the ocean's blades: 1 product, requiring a focus on large monolithics, high-manufacturing classes, high-m6+, real-life basics. 2 markets.
At the end of the year, it is called upon to focus on the base camp and the highland market, and to improve the base, increase the coverage outside the province.