Tri-quarter review of the 2023 Tiger Medicine (300347), October 30, 2023, 100 million yuan, or 452 per cent more than the previous year; net return to the mother, 1.88 billion yuan, or 17.13 per cent more than the previous year; and realization of deductions.
The net profit from non-repatriation is 1,198 million yuan, an increase of 0.53 per cent over the same period. Performance is as expected. Non-committal business continues to grow faster.
The Division ' s performance continued to grow steadily in the first three quarters of 2023, largely as a result of the steady growth in the scale of operations. Clinical trials for specific vaccine projects were reduced by the company, with service income increasing by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis after the elimination of such projects.
In the previous three quarters, the company ' s Māori rate had risen by 0.23 percentage points to 0.23 percentage points over the same period, administrative and financial cost rates had risen by 0.35 percentage points over the same period, 1.1 percentage points Māori rate had rebounded, investment returns from the disposal of other non-current financial assets and investments made during the holding period.
By the end of the first half of the year, the company had over 1,500 professional teams around the world that could provide a variety of clinical services.
Experimental technical services, clinical trial-related services and laboratory services, covering major continents. Because of the team ' s extensive expertise and project experience, companies are taking on an increasing number of cross-border clinical pilot projects commissioned by their clients, both within and outside the country.
There are 207 single regional clinical trials in Korea, Australia, and the United States, and 62 international multi-regional clinical trials.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index: the three new three-board reference point is a three-board index. Investors are only suited to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low” risk, “stable” investors only use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use our division's categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.