Tagger Medicine (300347) Medical biology performed as expected and conventional operations continued to repair the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net profit is now 490 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 19.1 per cent for the same year; the net profit from the realization of the non-removable profit is 410 million yuan for the mother, a decrease of 3.8 per cent for the same year, and the three-quarterly report is performing as expected.
Quick, with a 40% increase in revenues from clinical trial technical services following the elimination of these projects. 2023q3 Māori rate 2023q3 stable business development related to clinical trials and rapid growth in the number of project pipelines. Corporate clinical laboratory technical services, 185 in iii, 35 in iv, 74 in other projects) and 2023h1 newly signed international multi-centre clinical services
8 test (mrct) projects, with more than 120 cumulative mrct projects experience. Clinical trial-related services and laboratory services (crls) mainly include on-site management, laboratory services and data management and statistical analysis services, with 23q1-3 yielding $2.45 billion, with projects under way up to 2023h1 company on-site management.
1776, laboratory services 5002, and data management and statistical analysis services 859. Acquisition of Euros, expanding overseas operations. In January 2023, the company completed its acquisition of Euros martifarm, further strengthening its European regional services capacity and size, martifarm
Drug alert and clinical teams are integrated with the Tag team to serve global clients; in August 2023, Tag Medicine established an international headquarters in Hong Kong, China, to provide strong support for corporate management and business expansion abroad.
The market share is 1.5% for China’s only clinically outsourced service provider in 2022. Equity incentives highlight development confidence (2022-11-01).
Overseas market space. Revenue growth slowed in 2023 in the context of macro-environment and industry climate challenges, and as corporate one-stop service platforms matured and synergies significantly increased, the Māori ratio for large clinical operations will continue to improve.
In 2023, corporate operations grew steadily, and strategic projects landed in 2022 continued to be released, with a further increase in domestic income; Smo operations grew or will continue with a strong growth in the lower base and head smo consolidation trend over the same period last year; and there was a slight pressure on the external environmental impact of the laboratory operations.
Assumption 3: the company ' s other business revenues are growing steadily and its operations are expected to grow in 2023-2025, and we have selected the four companies in the industry that are closest to Teg ' s pharmaceutical business: Conlong, Ming Condé and Insinu, with an average of 19 times the average of the four companies in 2024. The company is the leader of the country ' s clinical coro, in project experience, team size,
There are significant advantages in terms of service coverage, including the prospect of continued strengthening and internationalization of domestic leadership, as well as the risks of falling or fluctuations in the number of orders, less-than-expected delivery of output, less-than-expected business expansion, and fluctuations in fair values. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.