Pharmacy 2359.hk/603259.ch: 3q23 less than expected, company downwards year-round income guidance 3q23 less than company expected, company expects 4q early drug research and development needs to be higher than before
Gold Flow Guides. The company expects to maintain a 20% or more increase in revenue from the graduation of the new crown project over the next few years. wuxichemistry: a robust increase in revenue from the graduation of the new crown project and a high increase in the share of the glp-1 order. 9m/3q23 income compared to +2%/-1% (the elimination of the new crown commercialization project).
The company has not adjusted the price of the order because the use rate remains high and the demand is relatively healthy. Income + 16%/+12% and the Māori ratio +1.8 pcts/+1.2 pcts. Of this, 9m/3q23 is earned + 16%/+12% (of which the security rating industry)
• wuxibiology: The speed of growth is held up by the global investment climate. 9m/3q23 revenue ratio +7%/-4%, adjusted Māori ratio +1.6 pcts/+3.3pcts. While the questionnaire maintains the recovery trend for new molecule types and biopharmaceuticals + 35%, the percentage of income in the plate is 1h23
Two of the total market value (million yuan) have been submitted to the bla (til and lvvv projects) and two are in the preparation stage of the bla.
• wuxiddsu: Continue to be hit by a downturn in demand for domestic orders. 9m23/3q23 revenues are marketed on a par (new crown & oncology) and two projects are in the Nda phase, with companies maintaining investment risk: changing financing environment; geopolitical risk; project failure.
Figure 1: Profit forecasting and financial indicators Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qing Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
Live Silver International, Pil-Yin International, Pil-Yin-Yin International
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(a) Less than 13 per cent wuxichemistry 2022-25ecagr;
The failure of projects at the research and development stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
Pilgrim International Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected
(a) Less than 13 per cent wuxichemistry 2022-25ecagr;
The failure of projects at the research and development stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of advice on securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation of legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are given on the date indicated in the document, may be modified without further notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects of the information in this report alone.
The presentation may be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pyo-Yin International Securities. Pho-Hin International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively Poo-Hing International) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or of the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell them.
Silver International, or any of its directors and/or employees, shall bear no legal responsibility for any possible loss to an investor arising from the use of this report or from reliance on the information contained therein.
For some jurisdictions or countries, the distribution, distribution or use of this report would conflict with local laws, laws, regulations, or other regulations for registration or licensing. This report is not intended to be distributed or used by any person or entity in such jurisdictions or countries.
This report is provided only to the “principal investor” as defined in United States Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Transactions Act of 1934. The acceptance of this report indicates that the consent to accept the agreement cannot be circulated or made available to any other person.
This report is not issued by an accredited person as defined in Section 21 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ( "fsma"), nor is it approved. Therefore, it will not be sent to the British public, nor will it be communicated to the public. It will be made available only to eligible investors (in the sense of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000), i.e. (i) with a special investment mandate as defined in Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2005 ( "the Financial Extension Order")
An investment professional or (ii) who is a high-value entity within the scope of article 49 (2) (a) to (d) of the Order, or (iii) other persons with whom he may lawfully communicate (all of whom are referred to collectively as “persons concerned”).