Ning Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing
The company is mainly engaged in investment, construction, operation and management of $4.180 billion (+69.6 per cent), and the significant increase in profits is mainly due to the low base of last year ' s free-of-charge policy. 21 years of fees in Jiangsu and other Jiangsu provinces
The company returns to almost 19 years of profit, taking into account the impact of the epidemic, and the profits are in line with our expectations. Bridges and the development of passenger and other auxiliary services along roads are among the largest assets in the country's road industry.
In addition to the Toll Bridge business, the company has accumulated billions of yuan (30.5%), and the decline in income and profits is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic. Because of the impact of the Shanghai epidemic, the diversified business areas associated with it have been greatly expanded, as companies have become unprofitable.
In addition, the company announced a change in accounting estimates from q2 this year, which is expected to increase the net profit by about $184 million over 22 years. The new road traffic concentration has led to short-term performance pressure, mainly in the form of a significant increase in financial costs: the company has built a new company.
The roadway was opened in late 20 years and in January 21 and the mountain bridge in late June 2021 at 52 weeks of stock price.
IKEA, IKEA and Mount Five lost $101, 112, and 127 million over 21 years, respectively.In terms of revenue and expenditure structure, regular and high-speed Māori for 21 years is negative, and Māori is expected to return to normal this year; and MFI has a total equity/releasea share (millions of shares)
The main loss on the three roads is a significant increase in the company’s financial costs. The capitalization of the financial costs stopped after the road trip, with the company’s financial costs running from about 110 million a quarter of 20 years.
The dollar has risen to about $240 million per quarter. Financial costs are expected to be no less than $900 million for the year as a whole.
The gain of $490 million over 21 years in fair value changes by the company was mainly due to the increase in the fair value of other non-current financial assets held by the subsidiary Ningsu Investment and the increase in the fair value of the transcribed debt of Jiangsu Leasing Co., a subsidiary of the subsidiary, Guang Jianxing.
In the first half of the year, while there has been a good recovery of the revenue from stock production, it has been more affected by the epidemic: in addition to normality, long and 21 years of income recovery from stock production outside Mount Five, which, in the case of the epidemic, exceeds the same period in 19 years.
This year, however, q1 was severely affected by the epidemic in the long triangles, with high-speed profits from interconnectivity growing at the same rate in the ring and lake alone. Core road products, the high-high-speed income of Qinning, fell by 15.3%. The projected decline in Q2 was similar to or greater than that of q1.
The advantage of building a road area is clear, and the faster growth in traffic will bring a new profit growth point for the company, which is expected to increase significantly after the outbreak. So we maintain the company’s “recommend” rating.
Ning Dynasty (600377): New path breeding period is under pressure and one quarter is more affected by the epidemic.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, was employed in 2015-2018 in the Open Securities Development Division’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports the Ning Dynasty (600377).
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.