Continued high growth in service earnings and overseas earnings, long-term growth space determined South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: 3-quarterly report by companies in 2022, with revenue of $5.86 billion (+25.6 per cent) in the first three quarters, net parentage
Profit of $900 million (+16.6 per cent), net profit of $720 million (+15.5 per cent) not attributable to the mother, cash flow of operating activities of $229 million per quarter (+6.7 per cent), net profit of $120 million per quarter (+1.4 per cent) from the mother, net profit of $32.25 million (-8 per cent) from the non-returned mother, recurrent effects of the epidemic and upstream procurement costs in three quarters
Reasons included higher upstream procurement costs, on-site delivery of high-end products (e.g. site preparation, installation debugging, etc.) resulting in delays in the recognition of purchase order revenues, lower Māori rates during import periods in overseas markets, and a rate of 33 per cent (-3.3 pp), with sales rates falling by 1.2 pp, management costs by 0.2 pp, and research and development
Cost falls by 0.9 pp, financial cost falls by 1 pp, and final net interest rate of 15.3 per cent (-1.2 pp), taking into account the reduced impact of the follow-up epidemic and upstream costs, as well as improvements in operating efficiency, improved profitability, negative growth in equipment operations, continued high growth in service income and overseas income.
With about $5.19 billion (+20.9 per cent) in equipment, companies are experiencing a reverse growth in the image industry in the face of a decline in the scale of the impact of the epidemic, and with interest-bearing loans at the end of health and education, companies are expected to benefit from diagnostics, treatments and scientific instruments. 2) In the first three quarters of the period, the service income was $540 million (+70.7 per cent).
With the continued growth in corporate holdings and the strategic focus of the company, the revenue from after-sales services has increased, reaching 9.3 per cent, a significant increase from 6.1 per cent in 2021. Regionally, home-grown video equipment has led to a “technology breakthrough + product upgrading” opening up the space for growth.
With policies such as advanced diagnostics, deregulation of configurations and the development of a better image industry, China ' s image equipment market in 2020 is estimated to be over 100 billion yuan in 2030, and as corporate technology breakthroughs and new products emerge, it is expected to lead to import substitution, accompanied by a higher-end product share and the gradual self-production of core parts.
In the first three quarters of 2022, companies introduced innovative products such as the meipanorama35s’ new generation digital Pete-ct system, the magnesium resonance of the global premiere of umrjupiter 5.0tmri, the magnesium resonance of the entire body, the mrnxneuroexplorer neuroscientific research specializing in 3.0t, etc.
The logic of technology breakthroughs and product upgrades is constantly being realized.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.