A positive upward and downstream expansion is expected to lead to a sustained increase in profitability.
43.89 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $431 million, an increase of 39.43 per cent over the same period; operating income from basic hardware products sustained growth and actively extended upstream 7.201 billion yuan in operating income from high-end computer products of companies, an increase of 42.23 per cent over the same period.
In the reporting period, i620-g30 servers have been successful in breaking both performance and value-for-money world records in the field of large data, cloud computing, and the production of the Xsystem deep learning computing platform in the field of artificial intelligence has continued to grow at a high rate.
In October 2018, the company was approved to form a national centre for innovation in advanced computing industries in association with downstream enterprises, institutions of higher learning and scientific institutes in the industry, and with services such as financial capital, intellectual property rights, science and technology intermediaries. The company aims to complete server processors, smart computing chips, high sex in the last three years.
The core technology of computer systems captures a unique technological competitive advantage by breaking through the core technological monopoly in the field of IT and launching high-end computer products based on a safe and controlled core chip. Software product captures continue to rise, with significant downstream resource advantages.
During the reporting period, the capacity of companies to build urban cloud and industry cloud computing centres has improved significantly: at present, the Division has deployed large urban cloud computing data centres in nearly 40 cities throughout the country, following the dawn of the city of Chengdu.
After the city cloud, the cloud computing service of the tin-free city cloud again successfully passed an enhanced security review by the Central Networking Office, which showed that companies could provide safe and reliable cloud computing services for city operations, as a result of which corporate software development, system integration and technical services generated business income in 2018
987 million yuan, an increase of 52.18% over the same period. The company, as a member of the Board of Directors of the Alliance for Advanced Computing Technological Innovation and Industrialization of the Chinese Academy and the Board of Directors of the Alliance for Smart Urban Industries of the Chinese Academy, will benefit in the future from the industrialization of the scientific and technological achievements of the Chinese Academy in order to achieve continuous and deep farming in downstream applications.
Figure 6: Main operating income and Māori ratio (in billions of yuan; %)