Māori is expected to keep up with the high pace of business development.
The company achieved operating income of $9.05 billion, an increase of 43.89 per cent in the same year; total profits of $537 million, an increase in the same year, a significant increase in revenues from high-end computers, storage products and software development, system integration, and technical services production, while the Māori rate increased steadily, with Māori increasing by 0.29, 2.87 and 0.03 percentage points, respectively, for the future.
The loss was 63 million yuan, and the amount of impairment of the cloud project’s assets was 24 million yuan. The company’s investment in research and development cost was 507 million yuan, an increase of 118.5 per cent over the reporting period, the firm’s strong research and development and its continued high level of research and development have laid the foundation for steady and sustained growth in business.
With enhanced synergies, Māori is expected to continue to increase the ownership of sealight information by \triangleright from 25.52 per cent to 36.44 per cent, becoming the largest shareholder of sealight information.
Sealight Information has achieved operating income of $113 million over 18 years, with net profit - $36 million. Sealight Information is a chip-autonomous server, desktop product, reduced reliance on Intel, compressed processor procurement costs, and Māori is a leading domestic server company, with active deployment of chips in the future.
In the context of developing self-controllable core firms, companies are expected to continue to grow at high rates of revenue growth, increased competition in the server sector, less than expected chip production, and a summary of data projections for corporate financial statements.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.