Client acceptance q2 confirmed, year-round income growth trend or still robust.
• Decline-to-revenue-to-revenue ratio, as a result of the repair of performance in the second half of the year, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of $16,142 million, yoy + 29.51 per cent of the company's operating income of 2025h1, sustained steady growth in operating income, mainly due to steady growth in corporate orders, with corrosion equipment earning more than $5 billion, film equipment earning more than $6.5 billion, heat
Over RMB 1 billion for processing equipment and over RMB 500 million for wet equipment; h1 $3.208 billion, or yoy+14.97 per cent, for achieving a net return to the mother; and for Māori, 42.17 per cent of the company ' s Māori rate in the first half of the year, a decline of 3.33 pcts over the same period, we believe that some of the R&D costs are accounted for in operating costs, mainly as a result of changes in accounting policies: companies continue to maintain high R&D inputs.
The rest, with more than 5,700 patents authorized, is the first firm in the country to secure integrated circuit equipment. For a single quarter, the company q2 achieved revenues of $7,936 million, yoy+21.84%, qoq-3.3%, and the net return to the mother.
Support will remain robust or will continue, and the company ' s high-end + platform strategy continues to be advanced. We maintain the previous profit projections, the process coverage of integrated circuit equipment has steadily increased with the city ' s share, and the integrity of the product matrix has continued to improve (1) etching: in the area of corrosion equipment, the North has formed anicp, ccp, dry decoupled equipment, high-selection
In the first half of 2025, the company earned more than RMB 5 billion in corrosion equipment. (2) The membrane sedimentation: in the field of membrane sedimentation equipment, North China created physical gas deposition, chemical gas phase.
Full series of sedimentation, expansiveness, Atomic Layer deposition, plating and metal organic chemical phase deposition equipment. In the first half of 2025, corporate film deposition equipment earned more than RMB 6.5 billion.
The heat treatment area has formed a full series of stand-alone stoves and fast-heat treatment equipment.
Continuous consolidation of upgrades - company update report ion injection into the equipment market and release of an additional 12-inch ion injection device; finally, the controlling subsidiary core is the leading manufacturer of the country's front-track projector and the lead manufacturer of the country's interim key-linking equipment.