• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net gain of $3.2 billion, an increase of 20 per cent over the previous year.
• High growth in semiconductor equipment operations and a breakthrough in the scale of core product lines In the first half of 2025, companies generated over $5 billion in corrosion equipment, over $6.5 billion in film deposition equipment, over $1 billion in thermal treatment equipment and over $500 million in wet technology equipment.
The Division’s ability to scale production and delivery in the area of critical semiconductor equipment.
The company successfully completed the acquisition of core equipment for the luminous process, such as projective equipment, and further refined the layout and process coverage of the integrated circuit equipment product. The integration of resources in areas such as the city, technology, supply chain, etc., effectively upgraded the company's integrated circuit equipment.
The overall competitiveness of the market and the further consolidation of the power of platforms. • The innovation of R & D is fruitful, the new product matrix brightens future growth, and companies drive innovation with strong R & D inputs, amounting to $2.9 billion in the first half of the year.
In March of this year, the company officially introduced the ion into the equipment market and launched a series of new products, such as electroplating equipment. Of these, the 12-inch advanced low-pressure silicon-silent furnace of the sicrosis series of the scicriuspy series, which has been validated by multiple crystal-crystal plants and produced on a large scale.
1. North China: high revenues from thin membrane sedimentation, advanced ion injection into enhanced platform capacity
Q3 performance increases in the North, continuously validating the competitive advantage of platform-type equipment companies, and so forth, with eight years of buyer investment experience.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.