q2 performance fluctuated seasonally, and the platform layout was very effective.
Chen Wei Guang 1.48 pct. We believe that a firm growth in the company's q2 crop, an increase in the volume of orders, an increase in sales on an equal basis, a net return on q2 and a decline in profitability are normal seasonal fluctuations in the industry.
During the reporting period, companies continued to strengthen their technological leadership with high levels of R & D inputs and patents. In the first half of 2025, companies invested in R & D.
More than 5,700 items, which are at the top of the national integrated circuit equipment enterprise. The beneficiary R & D-driven enterprise grew, and the company’s major semiconductor equipment operations, such as corrosion, film deposition, thermal treatment and wetting equipment, grew steadily in the first half of 2025, with the platform-based layout showing significant success. (1) Erosion equipment:
In the area of corrosion equipment, the company has developed a whole series of product layouts for icp, ccp, dry deglution equipment, highly selective etching equipment and bevel etching equipment. In the first half of 2025, the company carved the corrosion equipment to more than RMB 5 billion in revenue: (2) membrane sedimentation equipment: the device that created the membrane sedimentation device.
In this area, a full series of physical gas deposition, chemical gas deposition, outer extension, atomic layer deposition, electroplating and metal organic chemical gas deposition equipment has been formed. In the first half of 2025, corporate thin film deposition equipment earned more than RMB 6.5 billion; (3) thermal treatment equipment; the company has formed itself.
In the first half of 2025, the company received more than RMB 1 billion in company heat treatment equipment. (4) Wet-law equipment: in the area of wet-law equipment, the public department has formed a complete array of single devices and slot-type equipment. In the first half of 2025, the company completed the match-making process.
In the first half of 2025, the company earned more than RMB 500 million in wet equipment (excluding core source microwet equipment).
▪ Investment recommendations: companies are leading domestic semiconductor equipment companies and q2 performance is seasonally influenced
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.