Silver World Wide Market Quality Investment Inc. renews the long-term growth trajectory in the North (002371/ch) without fear of seasonal fluctuations; and maintains it.
In the second quarter of 2025, Volkswagen North released a robust performance of $7.9 billion in corporate revenue, an increase of $460,000.00, which was due to the low profitability of electronic components operations. Net profits were $1.6 billion (a decline in the same year).
China's semiconductor 18.8%, 19.3%) shows the company's excellent operating and cost-control capabilities. We keep watching the company, Yang Tianwei, ph.d.
Growing trajectories, companies play an important strategic role in China’s semiconductor equipment replacement process. We anticipate that Chang Won-gi’s Chinese semiconductor equipment leader is benefiting from the national production replacement trend. We believe that North China’s semiconductor is in the process of replacing China’s semiconductor.
The growth in equipment operations has been robust, with revenues of over $13 billion in the first half of the year (2024, year after year's harvest of Chiang Ka Ho's etching, sedimentation, heat treatment and cleaning equipment revenues of over $5 billion, $6.5 billion and $1 billion, respectively).
Four major groups together account for more than 80% of sales (about 70% in the first half of the past year). We expect companies to increase their sales of semiconductor equipment by about 50% in the first half of the year.
The average circulation in March (million yuan) has been in the equipment market since March 2025, with an additional 12-inch product. At the same time, and the ability to clean the equipment (the proceeds of cleaning products from the microchip are not accounted for in the company’s sales in the first half of the year).
An expansion of the product mix for North China is expected to increase the market share of the company, and the co-benefits of the acquisition are expected to increase the company’s profitability. We predict that the company’s semiconductor equipment in 2025 is driven by a rich product mix and a continuously accelerating trend towards national production substitution, and we believe that North China is a new technology.
The main risks are: (i) lower than expected domestic capital expenditures; (ii) geopolitical risks leading to supply chain disruptions; and (iii) increased market competition.
Figure 2: The latest forecast by Silver International vs. Past Forecasts, Figure 3: The one-year forward market rate in North China, Figure 4: The dynamic market rate in North China.