Mid 2025: steady growth in performance, platform accelerated roll-out of semiconductor equipment operations, 25h1 battalion collection continued rapid growth: 2025h1 G
The Division achieved a revenue of $16,142 million, or +29.51 per cent, and a net profit of $3,208 million for the mother, which is the same: (1) electronic process equipment generated an income of $15,258 million, or +33.89 per cent, of which etching equipment, film deposition equipment, thermal treatment equipment, wet equipment earned more than 50, 65,
One and a half billion yuan, with combined revenues exceeding $13 billion, representing more than 85 per cent of the revenue collected, as a result of continuing Māori volatility — a decline in the capitalization of R & D costs, net interest rates at a slightly lower rate than in the ratio, which we judge to be related to the recognition of new products and changes in client structure, and the Māori of electronic components.
The decline in the rate was affected by the decline in the industry landscape; net interest rates on sales and net interest rates on deductions were $1 billion, compared with 47 per cent, indicating that the company had sufficient hand orders. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2025h1 amounted to $3191 million, with a larger increase in cash, mainly for goods purchased and labour paid.
Year after year: a steady increase in performance, looking forward to the platform-type semiconductor equipment tap.  Indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, replacing the wave of long-term beneficiary production with the wave of North China.
The platform layout continued to accelerate, with the company launching the first ion at the Semicon exhibition in 2025 and the first plating (ecp) device ausipt 830.
The company acquires micro-control over the core and further expands its presence, cleaning and evaluation: performance continues to increase, looking at the layout of high-quality assets, such as platform half and multi-package. The company’s product lines already cover film subsidence.
Accumulation, dry corrosion/degression, coating, ion injection, cleaning, plating, thermally treated oxidation/rtp, etc.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the North, the East Wu Securities Company, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.