The industry is high, and Al's future growth is wide-ranging - Al ophthalmology (300015) El ophthalmology: leading ophthalmology chain on a global scale.
The company is a nation-wide professional ophthalmological medical institution that specializes in various types of ophthalmological treatments, handcraft services and medical photodes. As of 2018, it has established more than 220 hospitals covering the country's medicinal organisms.
Over 70 per cent of the population is covered by health care, more than 4 million people per year in outpatient clinics, and a model of running a chain of ophthalmology hospitals adapted to China's circumstances and the market environment — a “hierarchical chain” — has been successfully explored.
The market capacity for ophthalmology is either increasing or expanding in response to increased demand and rising consumption. The market is expected to be 15,9.4 billion yuan in 2021, compared to 13.90 per cent for cagr. At the same time, private ophthalmological hospitals are expected to grow in 2021, in the context of the country’s efforts to encourage social capital to enter the medical field.
Song Hong Hin, El ophthalmology still has much room for growth in the future, while the company will continue to accelerate its efforts at the local and county levels through new constructions or acquisitions.
In view of the rapid growth of the ophthalmology industry and the continuous upgrading of the company's brand, reputation and management, the growing cycle of new hospitals has been significantly shortened, and the acceleration of the company's outreach has significantly affected 28 West and West West Avenue, both in the public sector.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
- El ophthalmology: The world's leading ophthalmological chain of 1. Tier chains - a unique business model - is a national chain of professional ophthalmology institutions, which specialize in ophthalmological consultations, surgery, etc.
By 2018, the company had established more than 220 specialized ophthalmological hospitals in 30 provinces and urban areas of mainland China, covering more than 70% of the country’s health-care population and more than 4 million people per year in outpatient clinics.
The functional positioning of hospitals at different levels, increasing the efficiency of resource-sharing and the breadth of brands, has led to the formation of remaining ophthalmological hospitals. Making companies part of the world’s leading ophthalmological chain.
The concept of technology and medical management, using specialization, stratification and science as a development strategy, promotes China's ophthalmology model. The company has been successful in exploring a network of ophthalmological hospitals adapted to China's circumstances and market environment over the years, based on continuous research and practice and fully incorporating the experience of advanced international medical management.
The chain management model, a “hierarchical chain”. Using the advantages of talent, technology and management, through the promotion of good quality medical care, quality medical services and professional markets in the country's chain hospitals, the Department has gradually become a trusted ophthalmological hospital for ophthalmological patients throughout the country.
In the process of growth and growth, companies have always been able to “make the eye healthy for all, rich and poor”.