It's the only way to create a national flagship in a highly fragmented, service-wide field.
A few businesses have suffered many setbacks, simply physical mergers and acquisitions with a view to size, or even hasty attempts to diversify. El ophthalmology is based on opportunities for industry growth, but is the only long-term focus on managing the business, focusing on the basics, operating the units, achieving full and robust growth through a unique hierarchical chain system, and achieving the industry’s leaders.
The study found that the profitability of the base unit was at the core, and that the ability to manage the output was assured, but the scale was the result. First, El ophthalmology: a successful example of the chain model, and second, the development logic of the el ophthalmological chain model: a growth, development and expansion based on strong single-storey profitability.
1) Until 2016: Internal growth was 90%, with the core hospital-based sector achieving full growth, and the company ' s non-core hospital as a whole did not perform well until 2013. The net profit of the top 10 hospitals in 2013 was 14.1%, while the core hospital was profitable, with a growth rate of 10-20% and a net interest rate of 20-30%.
With core hospitals as the foundation, the company is moving from partial core hospitals to full growth. The first 10 hospitals have seen net profit gains of 227.5%, 173.0%, 75.3%, respectively, from 2014 to 2017, and the growth cycle of new hospitals has been reduced from 3 to 5 years, thanks to increased branding and operational capacity.
1-2. El ophthalmology began to expand faster through M&A funds, seeking a chain upgrade. 16 years ago, in-kind incubation averaged 6 per year, while M&A funds had 120 hospitals in four years of existence.
In the first time in the year, El ophthalmology injected nine hospitals under the umbrella of the M & A fund into public companies, contributing 27.7 per cent to the magic of net profit growth, the perfect balance between extreme standards and unlimited personality (only 10 per cent of the forward contribution 16 years ago), signalling that the company is entering a completely new phase of expansion.
Growth drivers: The strong growth dynamics of El ophthalmology, both endogenous and external, have been highlighted by the sustained growth in industry, rooted in the control of core resources in such sectors as doctors, equipment, and technology. The Department has 7.08% of ophthalmologists in the country, and this proportion is rising from year to year; and large-scale investments in medical equipment, medicine, etc.
The double-teaching model of beach grabs 17.5 per cent of non-current assets; cumulatively, over 460 new technologies have been introduced over eight years, with a high Māori ratio - from catfish to mass murder, with a victory of 2018.
El ophthalmology has adopted a step-by-step, fully nurtured strategy of building an efficient management operating platform through a unique hierarchical system, and promoting a variety of measures such as in-house induction, technology sharing and equity incentives.
Continued export and effective management of core resources. Listed to date, companies have been operating more efficiently, increasing from 9.94 per cent to 15.49 per cent in the roa, and asset turnover from 0.67 to 1.09 per cent.
We've been thinking about how to create a national flagship in a highly dispersed and visible area of service radius. The chain model is certainly the most common solution to this problem, but what is the core ability to determine whether the chain model will succeed? What is its growth logic? Some firms simply look at size in order to achieve the king in terms of size, and others rush to diversify their operations and supply?
In view of the difficulties encountered in trying chains and derivatives, we believe that only the single long-term focus on the business, which is so much of the basics, is a classic sample of the logic of successful chain models. At the moment, chain models are being successfully applied to a number of industries, such as medical services, retail chains, and chains of restaurants and hotels.
The city’s industry chain model, which represents the company’s market value, roa, roe, and net interest rates, is among the top indicators. El ophthalmology is a highly fragmented industry, requiring face-to-face consultations between doctors and patients, and for ease of examination.
The health-care system also guides patients to closer care, which has led the industry to a long-term competitive pattern of “national fragmentation and regional concentration.” Using the basic unit operating capability, the El ophthalmology chain has created a unique hierarchical chain system, which has grown into a national flagship.
1.1 Performance review: eight years of net profit on the market, three times as much as 20.04 per cent. As the country ' s largest chain ophthalmology institution, El ophthalmology specializes in ophthalmology diagnosis, surgical services and medical optical mirrors.
The net profit rose from $89.91 million in 2009 to $567.11 million in 2016, with the net profit growth rate remaining above 20% per year since the company was listed. Among the major a-share companies, Roe is second only to Heung Swe’s medicine and Chinese medicine.
1.2 Industry comparison: The ophthalmology industry is the absolute leader, growing at a much faster rate than the industry Market participants in the ophthalmology industry can be divided into two major public and private camps, including public general hospitals and public ophthalmology hospitals, which currently account for nearly 90% of the market share.
El ophthalmology has an absolute size and branding advantage in view of the “warground” segment of the private ophthalmology specialized hospital. On the scale of the chain, according to research by corporate investors, El ophthalmology is listed under the umbrella of the M & As Fund, which totals about 200.
According to the open data, even considering only the size of the listed system (about 80), it is far more than second place. Moreover, El ophthalmology’s network covers the entire country.
In 2016, El ophthalmology continued to grow rapidly, reaching 3,705,533 visits, an increase of 15.24 per cent in the same year;
In terms of industry as a whole, El ophthalmology’s growth rate is far higher than in industry, and the city’s share is increasing. According to the El ophthalmology bulletin, income from ophthalmology in general hospitals is usually 25-5% of total hospital income, using its average of 3.75% as the basis for calculating the size of the industry. The estimates show that the ophthalmology market in 2015 received a total of $7,059,845.2 million, compared to 17.6% in Cagr in 2009-2015.
The central eye hospital, cagr, was 23.2%, and the general hospital, cagr, was 16.6%, while the El eye camp, which collected 31.7%, increased at a much faster rate than the industry. In terms of city occupancy, the El eye market grew from 2.28% in 2009 to 4.48% in 2015, almost reaching a high rate of growth than the industry.
Figure 9 shows a steady increase in the EI ophthalmology rate 2. Growth logic depth analysis: inward growth is strong, MFP model is open for future decomposition in 2.1: in-house growth contributed nearly 90% in the past, future M & A funds or a significant acceleration of expansion
After analysing the growth contribution of El ophthalmology, we find that the development of El ophthalmology can be broadly divided into two phases: (i) up to 2016: the endogenous growth phase, where endogenous growth contributes about 90% to the net profit growth of the company. By 2016, endogenous growth contributed 90% to the net profit growth of the company. This is done in the 10 core hospitals disclosed by the company in 2016.
For the sample, the 10 hospitals together contributed 66.8% of the net profits of the listed company in 2016, and were more representative. We analyzed the net profits of the hospitals that were listed and the new ones that were added to the market as a measure of the contribution of endogenous growth, while the net profits of the M&A hospitals were measured as a measure of the net profits of the above-mentioned cities.
In order to test the objectivity of this approach, we applied the same logic to the core hospitals disclosed in 2015 (not fully consistent with the hospitals disclosed in 2016), the results of which similarly support our conclusion.
By 2016, the main reason for the low contribution from the expansion was the slower pace of mergers and acquisitions, the predominantly self-built nature of new hospitals and the generally smaller size of the M&A hospitals (on average, the size of the collection averages about one quarter of the core old hospitals). Moreover, with the exception of some high-quality targets, profit is often achieved after two to three years of nurturing, thus making a smaller contribution to the expansion until 2016.
Elmephthal set up the M & As fund for the first time in 2014 to innovate the expansion model and increase the efficiency of the expansion, thereby further sunk the network and boost the company’s brand radiation and market penetration throughout the country. After years of nurturing, the company will first be joined in the first half of 2017.
The net profit growth model of El ophthalmology was greatly influenced by the injection of hospitals under the umbrella of the purchase fund. In the first half of 2017, the company acquired 10 new subsidiaries with positive net profits totalling $379.09 million, contributing 34.2 per cent to the net profit growth; nine of the hospitals under the flag of the purchase of the foundation, with net profits totalling $30.6813 million, contributed 27.7 per cent to the net profit growth, taking into account that before 2017,
In the future, as the M&A fund model moves forward, the expansion may become an increasingly important part of El ophthalmology’s growth logic.
There are already 120 hospitals under the umbrella of the Fund, and mature hospitals that hatch in the future will gradually be injected into the public system. If El ophthalmology growth remains strong, the company’s chain expansion pattern may be increasing significantly as the four-tier chain and overseas M & As move forward.
2.2 Up to 2016: Internal growth is strong, with the core hospital-based sector leading to a full growth of the network. 2.2.1 Performance structure changes: thanks to the profitability of the core hospital, the chain model is gradually “breathing” matured, and not only the new hospital, but also the El ophthalmology chain model itself has gone through a nurturing phase in terms of changes in the revenue and net profit structure.
Until 2013, net profits from the top 10 hospitals remained negative, mainly because the branding effects of El ophthalmology within the country had not yet developed in the early stages of the chain expansion, and the new hospitals, and even the chain model itself, were still in the “culture” phase. Until 2013, the new hospitals had a three-to-five-year growth cycle; in the case of Guiyang Yill ' s merger in 2010, the first profit was realized in 2014; and Huyueil was newly built in 2011 and the first gain was achieved in 2016.
With the strong profitability of the core hospitals, the companies gradually matured the new hospitals and the chain model itself. Core hospital owners would include pre-market hospitals with excellent and stable profitability, with a net interest rate of up to 20-30%, with a growth rate of up to 20-30%.
The top 10 hospitals were represented before, and in 2016 they still stood at 42.0%. Chart 14 shows that the top 10 hospitals have increased their collection and net profit ratio, becoming the main growth point in the future. The strong profitability of the core hospitals has ensured that the company has always maintained excellent performance and enabled the company to develop a chain model.
Since 2014, the chain model has matured, and the top 10 hospitals have shown strong growth momentum and become the main growth point in the future. After a period of cultivation, the top 10 hospitals have entered a period of active activity, with net profit growth rising from 42.7% to 227.5% in 2014, and then in 2015,
The hospital’s net profit ratio has been increasing, rising from 14.1% in 2013 to 44.4% of 2017h1, so that El ophthalmology’s three-tier chain model has achieved substantial success, branding and scale effects have gradually developed throughout the country, and performance growth has become less dependent on the top ten hospitals. As the chain model moves forward, the number of non-top 10 hospitals will grow and become the main engine of company growth in the future.
In fact, another important change that marks the full maturity of the chain model is the significant reduction in the growth cycle of the new hospital to 1-2 years, as a result of the upgrading of brand names and operational capabilities; the creation of a new facility in 2014 and the reversal of losses in 2016, for example; and the acquisition of a filial chain in 2015, and the following year, the chain model itself often needs to be nurtured and, until the chain has matured, the chain expands or will result in huge performance deficits.
On the basis of the strong profitability of the core hospital, El ophthalmology successfully matures the non-core hospital. After full development, the latter enters a period of rapid growth, starting to “anti-feed” the company and becoming a driving force for future growth. 2.2.2 Hospital comparisons by type: mature hospitals are stable, new hospitals are growing rapidly, and networks are fully profitable.
Analysis of performance structural changes reveals the logic of the development of El ophthalmology with core hospitals, and this part will prove the effect of this development logic in terms of horizontal contrasts between different types of hospitals. At present, all types of El ophthalmological hospitals show strong profitability and growth dynamics, which form the basis for the future rapid development of El ophthalmology.
In terms of development time and access, the hospitals under El ophthalmology can be divided into three types. The mature ones are mainly pre-market and M & A hospitals, both of which are in a period of rapid growth in performance and are “power engines” for the future growth of companies.
(i) Hospitals are pre-marketed: excellent profitability, stable growth, support in the nurturing phase. Most pre-market hospitals are core hospitals, which are characterized by a significantly larger income and net profit than the new ones that have been added to the market. As stated earlier, they have a strong and stable profitability, with net interest rates generally ranging from 20 to 30%, far more than the new ones, a chain model.
Most hospitals are in maturity, growing at a relatively low rate, and the rate of growth is typically 10-20% before. As a typical representative, the Chengdu El-Eye Hospital has received 21.4% and 26.9% net profit in the last three years, while net interest rates have remained around 25%.
As far as the industry’s current business penetration is concerned, the ophthalmology sector is far from reaching the growth ceiling. Accordingly, these mature hospitals, with their excellent operational capabilities and brand names, will continue to grow steadily over the coming period.
Figure 18 maintains rapid growth in Guangzhou after completion of the expansion in 2015, chart 17 out of 17 percent of which is excellent and stable, and shows relatively small revenues from self-built hospitals when they are on the market, but the harvest is growing fast and net interest rates are rising fast.
A total of 31 hospitals, the main form of chain expansion until 2016, became new hospitals as size grew and profitability improved, and the net profits of new hospitals in the early years were usually negative due to the need to go through the cultivation period, placing a burden on listed companies. From the new hospitals disclosed by the company, with the exception of Nanjing and Hanningale, the new hospitals built before 2014 were profitable.
As a result of the increased corporate capacity and brand reputation, the growth of new hospitals has been significantly reduced and the rate of growth has gradually increased. In the case of Jail and Shenzhen El Qing, which were established in 2012, with a profit-making cycle of four years in 2016 and three years in almost three years. El, which was built in 2013, lost a profit in 2015, with a growth cycle of only two years, with a net profit of 169.8 per cent and net profit of 169.8 per cent and net profit of three years, respectively.
Similar to new hospitals, M & A hospitals are mostly small, but also show a strong growth momentum, with differences in individual differences between M & A hospitals. For example, Cyan El has been growing at about 30% and net profit at around 25% in recent years, while H & E registered 113.6% and net profit at 433.1% in 2016.
The company’s net interest rate is generally higher than that of a new hospital and is larger than that of a self-built hospital, because the M&A hospital has a certain development base, and is therefore more profitable. For example, the El Eye Hospital and the ophthalmology Hospital in Ei An Ergu City in Xiangzhou earned $25.350.2 million in operating income in 2016, for almost three years.
Cagr is 33.8%, net profit is 17.7 million yuan, and the rate of increase has fluctuated considerably in the last three years. After five years of cultivation, Changzhou's profit was realized, with a net interest rate of 7.0% in 2016. The city of Cyan Elgu was already well profitable at the time of its acquisition, with a revenue of $10,74,812,000 in 2016, more than four times the size of the former, a net profit of $22,258 million, a net profit stable at around 35% for the last three years and a net interest rate of around 35% in 2016.
By 2016, there were only 17 hospitals purchased by El ophthalmology, with a relatively slow rate of mergers and acquisitions, and a relatively small number of hospitals, which contributed less to company growth by 2016. But as the M & A fund model moves forward, the profit-making capacity and the growth-driven combination of M & A doctors vary considerably from one hospital to another.
After 2.32017: The M & A fund model has expanded considerably and the chain strategy has been upgraded. The 2.3.1 strategy is significant: the chain model has been upgraded, with 200 local and 1,000 county hospitals completed by 2020, with the full profitability of the chain network, the layout of the three-tier network has gradually improved, and the company has further expanded the three-tier chain.
The strategic upgrade of the four-tier chain model “City-City-City-City-City-City” requires a significant acceleration of the network layout and door shop. Since the beginning of the strategy, companies have acquired, built and nurtured in vitro hospitals through the creation of M&A funds, which has not only effectively boosted the efficiency of the company’s financial operations, but has also significantly increased the speed and stability of the chain expansion, thus achieving the strategic acceleration required by the four-tier chain expansion.
In the first half of the year, the company introduced nine hospitals that had hatched under the umbrella of the M&A fund into the public system, marking the full expansion of El ophthalmology’s chain of expansion, which, whether in self-built form or in the form of M&As, faced two major challenges: the negative impact of the breeding period on the performance of the listed company and the slow pace of expansion. This made it difficult to match the future strategic planning of the company with the form of incubation.
2.3.2 Incubation functions are strong: effective avoidance of the negative impact of net profits during the breeding period, enhanced performance stability. On average, it takes two to three years for a new hospital to achieve a balance of gains and losses, and for a merger and purchase hospital only a portion of a high quality target to be realized in the year of the merger.
Profitability, and therefore how much internal incubation can place a burden on the company’s performance on the public market, which is not conducive to stability in the company’s performance, is one of the reasons for limiting the rate of internal incubation. By contrast, acquisition, construction, and nurturing of in vitro hospitals through M&A funds can best avoid the burden of performance and enhance the industry.
Hospitals under the auspices of the M & A fund have undergone standardized training before being introduced into the listing system, consistent with the operating model, financial management, etc., and with the condition of seamless interface with listed companies. In addition, new hospitals have become more mature in terms of market development and staff development, ensuring management and staff stability, thus ensuring that they maintain a good momentum after being injected into the listing system.
2.3.3 The ability to expand is excellent: the rate of in vitro incubation is accelerating to meet the strategic demands for future expansion The average annual rate of expansion of hospitals under the auspices of the M & A fund is only 6 if M & A fund is not considered, and the rate of expansion of M & A funds since it was established is increasing. To date, the number of hospitals developed under the auspices of the M & A fund has reached 120 and is expanding at an alarming rate in the future.
Growing up, mature hospitals will gradually be injected into listed companies, thus effectively addressing the slow incubation rate in the body. Under the new four-tier strategic plan, only the M&A fund model will be able to achieve the expansion required by the company. The M&A fund model will be a key link in the El ophthalmology chain model.
Figure 23 shows a significant increase in the rate of expansion under the M&A fund model: business growth is the main driver, and management of core resources in the industry is the fundamental source. In both the endogenous growth and the expansive expansion phases, there is only one core on which the El ophthalmological chain model depends.
For El ophthalmology, this growth drive is centred on a sustained upturn in business volume and average business prices, a historic growth opportunity for the industry, a major effort by El ophthalmology to create a professional brand, a strong internal focus on the quality of services, and a mastery of industry’s core resources, thus achieving much faster growth than industry.
2.4.1 Drivers: Growth in revenue is a direct driver, and growth in volume and average price increases are a source of growth. First, it must be clear that rapid and steady growth in revenue is a direct driver of El ophthalmology performance growth, while also demonstrating its high level of sustainable profitability. Financial analysis shows that company sales costs and management costs continue to increase.
It was brand and start-up campaigns for new hospitals and newly acquired hospitals, which resulted in increased expenditure on advertising and business promotion costs, while company sales staff increased labour costs, mainly because of the expansion of the company ' s size, which resulted in labour costs, rental costs, obsolescence, amortization of long-outstanding costs and increased office and utilities costs.
In short, the sustained growth in sales and management costs is largely caused by a chain expansion, which puts pressure on corporate performance during the growth of new hospitals. But El Queen’s office, with its excellent profitability, successfully covers the expansion costs, thereby ensuring a stable level of net interest rates, and generating net profit growth through rapid revenue growth.
Chart 26 shows a high rate of growth associated with the growth in business volume. Figure 27 shows the growth in business volume as a source of growth in El ophthalmology.
In the period 2009-2016, the company’s annual outpatient visits were increased by the average price. (Because collection = average business * prices, the rate of increase is roughly equal to the rate of increase in business + average prices.) And if the average price remains constant, the rate of increase should be equal to the rate of increase in business, so that the part of the increase that exceeds the rate of increase in business is part of the increase in average prices.
2.30.9% of the estimated growth contribution of business here (22.7% + 24.5%).) The high synergy between the growth rates can also be seen in visual terms by a dash of the growth rate of corporate revenue and the growth of business. Thus, the growth of business volume is the main external basis on which El ophthalmology’s performance continues to grow rapidly: industry growth is rapid and demand is high in the three major sectors, providing a good industry base for business growth.
At present, the ophthalmology sector is in a rapid state of development, with a broad market outlook that provides an external basis for strong growth in El ophthalmology. According to the Chinese Statistical Yearbook of Health and Family Planning, the number of hospital admissions in the country’s specialist ophthalmology hospitals increased from 386,000 to 1278,000 between 2009 and 2015, with cagr as high as 22.1%, and the same rate of growth has been rising in recent years.
Janojos, jos, jos, jos, jos,  the number of hospital admissions - imperatives of the same speed increase.
According to the three main sectors of para-molecular surgery, cataract surgery and visual services in El ophthalmology, market demand is high and penetration is low. No, in terms of para-molecular surgery, a joint survey by the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Education in 2014 showed that the country has a near-visit rate of 33%, well above the world average of 22%.
There are only about 1 million surgeries, and the market penetration rate is only 1.25%, and there is much room for improvement. As one of the main methods of near-visit correction, the market for para-molecular surgery has great potential. > In the case of cataract surgery, the market performance and pre-development of the cataract medicine industry in China 2017-2023, published by IRC.
According to the Vision Report, the number of cataract patients in the country increased from 90.75 million in 2009-2016 to 119.47 million in 2009-2016, compared with 4.0% in Cagr. In terms of penetration, the rate of cataract surgery (csr, measured by the number of cases of cataract surgery performed per million people per year) is still relatively high. In 2011-2015, csr has grown from 684 to 1700, but still lags far behind other countries and regions.
El ophthalmology, in terms of visual services, specializes in specialized medical optical mirrors. According to Euromonitor, in 2020, our retail market for glasses will be more than 85 billion yuan, and the long-term market space will be more than 100 billion dollars, with medical optical mirrors becoming the mainstream market.
2.4.3 Active marketing strategy: advertising and marketing costs account for about 6 per cent of revenue, high investment in professional branding, and, in the face of rapidly growing market demand, El ophthalmology has adopted a full-scale, stereo-based and aggressive marketing strategy, taking the initiative and taking advantage of the market.
But beyond that, El ophthalmology’s investment in advertising and advertising is much higher than the American Year’s health and Dean’s diagnosis. At the beginning of El ophthalmology’s market, companies focused on brand image-making, with advertising and advertising spending higher than the share of revenue collected in 2009.
As brand images are established, advertising and marketing costs have declined steadily over the next few years, and have stabilized since 2013 at around 6%. By contrast, the ratio of health and Dean's diagnosis in the year was only about 3% and 0.3%.
In terms of 100-degree news coverage, El ophthalmology has far more news exposure than the other specialized ophthalmology hospitals: more than 300,000 stories on El ophthalmology, of which brand-based coverage is not low, and less than 1,000 stories such as Prey ophthalmology and new visual ophthalmology. In January 2017, El ophthalmology advertising was broadcast during Focus Interviews and cctv-1, 30 points in News, Yellow.
In view of the harshness of the video channel to screen cooperative companies and brands, an advertisement has greatly enhanced El ophthalmology’s brand image. On the other hand, El ophthalmology has strengthened its contacts with relevant government departments and primary health-care institutions, reached out to the community, and actively pursued community screening and outreach activities.
The high-intellectual marketing strategy has been questioned for its value, but in fact, in terms of the health-care industry, the brand's good and bad.
As an example of the impact of the Weissi incident in 2016, the company experienced a sharp fall in performance in the third quarter of 2016, reaching only about 10%, and responded by saying that there were rumours in some areas that part of El ophthalmology was part of the same family, affecting hospital brand image, thus affecting performance. Especially in Shanghai, Chongqing, etc., as a result of the Weisssi incident, El ophthalmology
In 2016, the rate of harvests in Chongqing Al fell to -1.6%, compared to 23.3% and 47.7% in 2014 and 2015 respectively, while the rate of growth in the same area remained stable. Moreover, in Shanghai, the rate of growth in Camp Al fell to 9.5% in 2016, before reaching around 50%.
Thus, an excellent brand image is important for the growth of El ophthalmology. Now that El ophthalmology has developed in some parts of the world a good reputation for “seeing from the eye to the eye” and, in the context of the growing attention of patients to hospital statements, El ophthalmology's high-speed increase in core internal competitiveness of 2.4.4: mastering core medical equipment resources in the industry, based on technology, with a focus on services.
If good brand marketing attracts patients only in a short time, the core of real help to el ophthalmology win patients’ praises is high-quality medical care. Based on years of business experience, El ophthalmology has always emphasized that doctors, equipment and technology are the core of ophthalmology institutions.
Doctor resources are the most important but scarce core resources in the ophthalmology sector, which dominates the level of ophthalmology services. In 2015, the proportion of ophthalmologists (assist) in all doctors was only 1.30%, with 22,006 persons, with an average of 6.25 million ophthalmologists.
From the information disclosed by El ophthalmology, the number of doctors has stabilized at about 26% of the medical staff, which makes it possible to estimate the number of doctors in El ophthalmology. Between 2009 and 2016, the number of doctors in El ophthalmology increased from approximately 450 to 1,985; the percentage of doctors in the whole profession increased gradually from 289% in 2009 to 7.08% in 2015.
The high (up to 30% on the market in 2009), including a group of Ph.D. students, masters, PhDs, post-doctoral, European and American visiting scholars, and core clinical experts, can be seen in the strength of their teams of doctors. A sufficient and high-quality medical resources guarantee the quality of care that El ophthalmology is leading, and therefore the city’s presence in El ophthalmology follows the doctor’s resources.
(ii) Medical equipment accounts for more than 70 per cent of fixed assets, with targeted investment in core assets, which are generally the business of heavy assets, and hence the allocation of assets determines the efficiency of the use of the funds and the points of the chain
Although by 2017, self-built hospitals were the main means of expanding the El ophthalmology chain, 90 per cent of the company’s hospitals were leased, thereby significantly reducing the investment of funds in this non-core asset and investing limited resources in core assets, thereby maximizing the competitiveness of the chain.
Structurally, the non-current assets of El ophthalmology consist mainly of goodwill, fixed assets, and long-term unamortized costs. Of this amount, according to the 2017 semi-annual report, $141,15.5 million, or less than 20%, of the fixed assets are buildings, while $59,369,600, or more, are medical equipment.
See, El ophthalmology attaches great importance to the quality of medical services and patient experience, which is an important factor in attracting patients.The non-moveable assets of El ophthalmology are concentrated in goodwill, medical equipment and long-term unamortized costs (3) Over eight years, more than 460 new technologies have accumulated, with high-end surgeries such as full flying seconds and flying seconds driving a higher proportion of para-molecular surgery.
In view of the country’s well-known ophthalmological hospitals, technological leadership and scientific research are the most fundamental factors in attracting patients. The most influential ophthalmological institutions throughout the country are the Beijing Colleague Hospital, the Kwandang University-affiliated Eye and Throat Hospital, and the Nakayama Eye Centre at Nakayama University, which are characterized by the level of leading technology and research and development capabilities and attract patients from all over the country with technological advantages.
In the case of medical services, the technology leads by widening the radius of individual hospital services, thus increasing the volume of operations and operating income most effectively, while El ophthalmology consistently maintains the development and promotion of new technologies and new ones, thus contributing to the growth of the volume and the average cost of operations.
At the same time, in the process of technological innovation, the share of high-end surgery has been increasing, and the ratio of high-origin industries has been increasing, stimulating performance growth. Currently, the highest Māori rate is associated with para-molecular surgery, with a Māori rate of 54.3% and a para-molecro-surgery rate of 35.9% in 2016.
The main reason is that high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, flying seconds, and icl, have increased their prices. Moreover, with new technologies, figure 34, para-molecular surgery, the highest rate of Māori, and chart 35, ophthalmology, is growing rapidly.
In the first half of 2017, the company published 43 papers in various periodicals, of which 10 were published by Sci, 9 by Medline, 15 by the Chinese core journal, and 33 by the Chinese Journal of Statistics of Science and Technology. In addition, El ophthalmology hosted the first annual meeting of China’s non-public medical institution’s Specialized Council for Eye and the first National Clinical Eye Conference.
Organization of 54 national and international academic exchanges, including: 32nd Asia-Pacific Eye Society Congress (apao), 2017 American Society of Cataracts and Leatheristic Surgery (ascrs), 2017 China Endocrinology Forum & Group Endocrinology Annual Conference, 6th National Eye Orthopaedic Congress and Group Eye Orthopaedics Annual Conference, 16th National Corner & Eye Disease Academic Congress and Group Cornelology Conference,
In these academic exchanges, more than 90 Ear experts have presided over or spoken at various conferences, nearly 300 articles have been used in various meetings as display boards and written communication materials, and the scientific strength of El ophthalmology has been fully demonstrated.
For the chain model, core resources for industry alone are far from sufficient, and the advantage of this business model can be maximized only by efficiently managing and operating core resources and advantages, and by irradiating the entire network. From this point of view, the strong growth dynamic of El ophthalmology is not unrelated to the steady and sustained improvement in its operational capacity. In the period 2009 - 2016, the roa of El ophthalmology grew from 9.94 per cent to 15.49 per cent, and the capital is the same.
The turnover rate has increased from 0.67 to 1.09, resulting in a significant increase in operational efficiency. Indeed, in order to achieve a full growth dynamic, El ophthalmology has established a unique hierarchical chain model, organically setting up a network of hospitals under its flag, building an efficient operating platform, based on which core resources are channelled and effectively managed throughout the network, thereby increasing core capacity.
Resource efficiency. In the next part, we're going to do an in-depth analysis of El ophthalmology's excellent management capabilities. 3. Management guarantees the full profitability of the network.
In order to achieve this process, El ophthalmology has adopted a gradual expansionist approach, building a chain network into an efficient organic whole that effectively addresses the three main aspects of framework design, resource and capacity output in the chain model, as well as the “human” dimension.
In the course of the chain expansion, which is accompanied by expansion costs and operational pressures, the blind pursuit of the speed of expansion, if it is not well balanced with endogenous growth and expansion, is likely to pose only huge financial risks. For example, Hca, the largest hospital chain operator in the United States, Hca, manages and operates independent surgical centres, diagnostics, and images.
Hearts, radiation and oncology centres, rehabilitation and physiotherapy centres, and various other health-care facilities. Hca went through two stages of rapid expansion and intensive transformation. Hca reached its peak in 1987, when Hca had 463 hospitals under its flag.
Since then, hca has given high priority to operational efficiency, moving the development model from a diffuse to a conglomerated one, with a shift away from non-core assets, with a focus on core hospitals and core operations.
In contrast to hca, a number of chains have been expanding or over-extended, such as coffee with you, threatening to open 5,000 chains of coffee shops in China, which eventually led to a break in the money chain, or have deviated from the main business and developed blindly diversified operations, as in the case of the third largest retail chain in the United States, when Wal-Mart's former rival, kmart, had had to start diversifying and buying on a slightly larger scale, engaging in garments and homes.
In response, El ophthalmology has always focused on providing high-quality ophthalmological services, and has improved on the quality of services; and, on the other hand, El ophthalmology has never deliberately pursued the speed of expansion, but has adopted a gradual strategy of expansion, steadily advancing the chain of expansion, thus ensuring a chain of networks.
This gradual expansion strategy is reflected in a multiplicity of expansionary cost controls, expansionary strategies and expansionary thinking: managing the cost of sales to match the rate of revenue growth, balancing the growth and scale of endogenous growth, and generating revenue from sales to management costs.
A slight decrease in the real stability of the management rate after the elimination of the impact, as we mentioned in part 24.1, as a result of the expansion of the scale, the sale and management costs of El ophthalmology have continued to grow while the costs of both costs have increased.
It is precisely the cost of company expansion. As mentioned earlier, El ophthalmology’s strong growth drive effectively covers both expansion costs, and thus, from another, easily overlooked perspective, it reflects the “intellectual” of El ophthalmology’s right balance between endogenous growth and scale expansion – always keeping sales costs and management costs up to speed, i.e. keeping expansion up to pace with endogenous growth.
Adaptation. This is reflected in the relative stability of the sales and management rates of listed companies to date (and a slight decrease in management costs as a result of improved management efficiency). As a result, net interest rates have remained stable, and thus steady performance growth has been assured, and the chain expansion has continued. 3.1.2 Sample replicable expansion strategies: a high emphasis on standardization and replicability has resulted in a form of joint organization
In the process of expansion, El ophthalmology placed great emphasis on the standardization and replicability of the chain hospitals. In setting up a chain of hospitals in the second-tier cities, El ophthalmology emphasized the strategy of copying samples, i.e. modeling the internal success stories of the different levels of hospitals and standardizing the new hospitals accordingly. Even under the M&A fund model, this model strategy was demonstrated.
The importance of ophthalmology feeding nine M & As hospitals is, on the one hand, to verify the feasibility of M & A fund models, and, on the other, to provide samples for hospitals at different stages and levels of development. The so-called chain expansion is essentially a replication of the profitability and operational efficiency of the links.
In addition, this strategy helps the group to form a cohesive and standardized form of organization that integrates business practices and reduces management operating costs, thereby increasing the overall profitability of the network. Moreover, the standardized expansion model, while effectively reducing costs, ensures quality and specialization in the quality of services and creates branding effects.
3.1.3 Three dimensions of expansion: from the two lakes to the country, from the second to the fourth levels, from slow to fast. The EI ophthalmology site layout covers the entire country. In addition to strictly controlling the cost of expansion, emphasizing standardized replication, the EI ophthalmology expansion approach also reflects a gradual expansion strategy.
The gradual expansion of El ophthalmology can be read in three dimensions: 1 - radiation from the two lake areas to the entire country: El ophthalmology started in the two lake areas, and the initial range of radiation was also concentrated in the two lake areas. After deep cultivation, El ophthalmology formed a good slogan in the two lake areas: eye-seeing, to El ophthalmology.
Reciprocalization of successful experiences and hospital profitability in samples across the country has resulted in a chain of advantages, such as management experience, advanced technology and talent development, from the two lake regions to the whole country.
It is clear that by 2011, El ophthalmology had gradually expanded its radiation coverage to the whole country, mainly through the expansion of a secondary network in central and provincial capitals. In late 2011, there were 36 serial hospitals in El ophthalmology, covering the country ' s 21 provinces (direct city), and the framework of the national chain was almost complete, thus providing the basis for a further sinking of the chain network.
Now, as the three-tier network evolves, Elephthalm has again proposed that the chaining network sink in the county-level city-level 4 network. The advantage of this expansion approach is that it can be smooth, adjust the layout of the three-tier network point to market expansion at the level-II point, and ensure that the new hospital adapts to market demand. More importantly, the Elephthalm chain model requires that the next-level hospital must have considerable development.
A solid network is also one of the core elements of El ophthalmology’s barriers to competition.3 The pace of expansion has shifted from slow to quick: as stated earlier, by 2013, companies have expanded entirely in the form of incubation and expansion.
Slower pace: after 2014, El ophthalmology began exploring the M & As model, first injected M & A hospital to listed companies in 2017, and the M & A fund model officially landed. The process of this shift is actually compatible with the spread of profitability and strategic adaptation of the chain points. Prior to 2013, the company’s hierarchical chain model had not matured, the branding effect had not spread to the country, and the top 10 hospitals as a whole had not yet been achieved.
During this period, the company built on the strong profitability of the top 10 hospitals, hatching at a rate commensurate with their growth in revenue, thus avoiding the financial risks associated with an overexploitation. After 2014, the branding and scale effects of El ophthalmology became apparent, and the profitability of the non-top 10 hospitals improved significantly, with the network growing robustly overall.
The M&A model is expanding faster. And, in order to adapt to the strategic upgrading of the Level 3 chain to the Level 4 chain, the rate of in vitro incubation is increasing.
In the process of gradual expansion, El ophthalmology has built a unique hierarchy. This system, which avoids a chain point becoming an independent “silo island”, effectively facilitates efficient collaboration in management and operations, creates the resource and capacity strength of the higher hospital to guarantee lower levels of profitability, and the market penetration of the lower level hospital promotes a good cycle in the higher level hospital. More importantly, this hierarchy promotes better operations at the higher level.
It is the basic architecture for Al ophthalmology’s continuous external export and management of core resource advantages, contributing to the diffusion and expansion of the profitability of the base unit in the entire network. The so-called stratification chain refers to El ophthalmology dividing its chain into four unequal levels:
(a) Central cities: In the provincial capitals of North, Upper, Broad, Deep and Regionally Affiliated, El ophthalmological hospitals have been set up at the international level to provide technical guidance and academic support to level II chain hospitals in the country's technical and diagnostic centres;
(a) Teaching, operational guidance and regulatory functions;
Districts: District (municipal) and district hospitals are the hair vessels of the El ophthalmological chain network, which penetrates to the lowest level, solves common ophthalmologic diseases, and refers patients with suspected ophthalmological diseases to local and municipal hospitals, known as level 4. Unlike the traditional chain model, this chain pattern places great emphasis on the inequity of internal resources, with the first level of hospital versus the next.
The next level of hospital provides technical, operational and managerial support, and the next level can be used to transport patients to the next level, as well as to collect and feed back on client messages and market dynamics, and to promote technological and business innovations and improvements. Under this system, the next level of hospital profitability is the basis for the next level of hospital growth momentum, while the next level of hospital operating efficiency will facilitate the development of the previous level of hospital operations; there is good interlinkage between the network points.
Chart 42 The unique cascade system of El ophthalmology is self-contained as a patient-centred service ecology, which, compared to the traditional chain model, enables the chain system to form a closely linked operating platform, thereby enhancing the operation, technology and staff exchange of the chain network and creating a multiplicity of collaborations, such as procurement, management and services, thus ensuring the full profitability of the chain model.
In order to ensure the effective functioning of this framework, El ophthalmology has put in place an accompanying management system at different levels for hierarchical chains. Group headquarters level: as a hub for technology cores, resources and management, group headquarters is primarily responsible for strategic planning from the group as a whole.
At the headquarters of the Group, on the one hand, there is an academic committee, with sub-specialties, responsible for the technical, quality, and talent management of the Unit, and for technical control; on the other hand, there is a sub-specialized department, which, from the point of view of its operations, coordinates the resources of the Group at the provincial and district levels: the Group has decentralized some of its investment and management functions to the provinces and districts, which are deployed in accordance with the strategy of the Headquarters.
At the level of the chain hospitals: El ophthalmology operates a division of duties between the ceo and the director, which is responsible for day-to-day operation and administration, and the director of operations, which is responsible for the management of the hospital ' s medical, nursing, pharmaceutical, testing and medical services in a way that ensures efficiency.
3.3 “Blood transmission”: Accompanied supply of human and technical core resources and radiation capacity, for the health-care industry, medical resources and technology, equipment are the most important resources for ensuring core competitiveness, and the full network coverage of human supply and technological advantages in the fast-expanding process becomes the key to ensuring the full profitability of the chain network.
1) At the level of talent: Internal and external training, ensuring the availability of human resources. Within the company, El ophthalmology has continued to conduct various types of training, continued education of medical and managerial personnel and the establishment of learning organizations. In 2014, the company trained more than 400 managers in all categories, completed a training programme for 80 doctors from eight sub-specialties, conducted specialized courses and distanced courses.
In 2016, the company completed a training programme for 163 specialists from nine sub-specialties, which identified 63 specialists from each sub-specialist. In 2016, the company conducted leadership and vocational training courses to upgrade the management capacity of the chain of hospitals, of which 58 were trained in ceo and 63 in the preparation and development of managers.
In 2013, the company, in collaboration with the University of Central and South China, established the University ' s El Eye Academy, which focuses on the development of doctoral and master ' s students in eye science. At present, the College has received 43 PhD students and 134 Master ' s degree students over four years, and 80% of the more than 40 Masters and Doctors who graduated in the last two years have been part of the team of El Eye Doctors.
In 2016, Elephthalm further set up a co-operation centre for the development of specialists in high-level specialists and the development of highly qualified personnel.
Through a series of in-house induction measures, El ophthalmology has been able to provide a steady flow of talent resources to the new and expanding old hospitals, optimizing the distribution of talent and thus effectively supporting the rapid development of the hierarchical chain model.
As we have already mentioned in the discussion of corporate growth dynamics in 244, El ophthalmology attaches great importance to technological innovation, constantly developing and promoting new technologies and new business. In fact, El ophthalmology also attaches great importance to the export capacity of this technological advantage.
At the same time, El ophthalmology has developed a professional brand image by using a variety of means, such as remote consultations, off-site referrals, specialist consultations and multi-centre research, to achieve technological advantage in terms of the radiation and sharing of resources throughout the chain.
Core resources are important, but the efficiency of their use cannot be ignored. For the chain model, the so-called “people” problem is that of commission-agents, and how to motivate management and business talent is key to maintaining the growth momentum of the chain.
On the other hand, hca gives them greater governance space. Hca has a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Nurse, and a Chief Accountant in each hospital, who manage the day-to-day affairs of the hospital, and the board does not intervene in the operation of the hospital.
These initiatives have greatly increased the enthusiasm and motivation of core management and business personnel, thereby effectively reducing agency costs. Whether measured by the proportion of revenue collected from other operating costs after the elimination of expendables and employee remuneration, or by roa, hca’s operational efficiency is much higher than that of its competitors thc (tenethealthcare) and cyh (communityhealthsystems).
Building on the successful experience of hca, El ophthalmology has introduced successive equity incentive schemes and partnership schemes that have effectively addressed medium- and long-term incentives, thus increasing operational efficiency and stimulating the growth potential of the chain hospitals.
The equity incentive scheme implemented by El ophthalm is mainly based on equity options and restricted equity incentives, with a total of three equity incentive schemes (including one stock options and two restricted shares) launched to date on the market, covering senior group managers as well as a chain of doctors at different levels.
The Institute’s core managers and technicians, and its middle-level managers, core technical and business personnel, are becoming more and more numerous. Currently, the first two stimulus programs have been substantially exceeded.
In 2013, a second round of incentives was implemented in the form of stock options, which basically coincides with El ophthalmology’s first restricted stock incentive scheme (2013-2015). In terms of incentives, Dean’s diagnosis includes middle- and middle-level senior managers and core technical (operational) staff, while El ophthalmology also includes group executives. In terms of coverage, Dean diagnosed that the incentive scheme introduced in 2013 covered 10.7% of the employees.
The coverage was broader, while the first two El ophthalmology incentive schemes covered only about 3.5% (the third coverage was 12% of the workforce, but the roll-out time was difficult to assess and do not compare in 2016). Accordingly, the cost of El ophthalmological equity incentives was relatively lower, with the share incentive costs of 0.7%, 0.5%, and 0.3% in 2013-2015, while Dean diagnosed 1.0%, 0.8%, and 0.2%, respectively.
So, El ophthalmology's equity incentive scheme has a lot to learn from: One: Equity incentives should not be a “one-time quick fix” that requires more long-term planning and system design. El ophthalmology was pushed forward in 2011; a second, more intensive phase was launched in 2016, covering the period 2016-2019.
The “pacing” of equity incentives has been carefully designed to effectively avoid short-sighted behaviour resulting from a one-time equity incentive program. Second, incentives cover management and technical (business) personnel at all levels, including group executives; companies are an organic whole, and any lack of incentives can slow development.
Three: Incentive programs can provide an accurate incentive to core management and business people in a hierarchically chained organic system to achieve better incentives at a reasonable cost. Second Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme:
El ophthalmological partnership plans are guided by long-term incentives, including the Partner Scheme and the Provincial Capital Partner Scheme, which have also been effective in increasing the motivation of core talent and promoting talent mobilization. The Partner Scheme was launched in April 2014 to refer to eligible core managers and technicians as partner shareholders and El ophthalmology.
Co-investment in the creation of new hospitals (including in the form of establishment, mergers, and expansions); partnership shares acquired by listed companies at fair prices three to five years after the partnership’s operation. The “partnership program” incentives include, for example, the development of the new hospital’s top-level hospital core, which has an important supporting role in its development, and the new hospital’s own core.
The Provincial Capital Partner Scheme was launched in April 2015 for 14 provincial capital hospitals (including local hospitals with equal status), with 10-20% of their shareholdings given at fair prices (or in the form of a transfer of funds) to the core group of provincial capital hospitals, and after 46 years of operation, the listed company will buy back the shares held by the partners. These 14 hospitals include: Jinan-El, Jian-El, Taiwon-El, Nanchang-El, Nanjing-El, Kunming-Ai, Kunming-Ai.
You, Ishigia, Guiyang Yi, Nan Ningai, Lanzhou, Shenzhen El, Tianjin Yil, Ningbo Light El, Chongqing El McGuire.
Of these, Nanjing El, Jae-il, Taiwon El, Jinnan-El, Nanchang-El, Nanning-El, Kunming-El, Tianjin-El, Chongqing-El, Magh, Shik-joo-El and Ning-po-Ere hospitals, the Provincial Partnership Scheme was officially inaugurated in December 2016 and was surprised that, with the exception of Ning-po-El, which was acquired in 2013, the rest of these 11 hospitals had been operating for more than five years, but only Nanning was the only one among them.
In 2016, the 11 hospitals had a combined net profit of $12.915 million, with an average net interest rate of only 0.6 per cent, a net profit of $6.980.79 million in the first half of 2017, and an average net interest rate of 9.0%. Thus, under the chain model, effective incentives can fully stimulate the growth potential of the chain points.
In general, the chain expansion of El ophthalmology is a process in which a small number of local hospitals are making a strong profit to the entire national network. In achieving this shift, El ophthalmology has shown a unique understanding of the chain model and an el verse of expansion. For El ophthalmology, there must be a support point to support the whole chain network, which is the smallest unit of the chain network -- each chain.
Hospitals’ strong growth drive. This is driven by El ophthalmology’s ownership and efficient management of industry’s core resources, not only as a basis for external chain expansion, but also as a fundamental force for companies to maintain rapid and stable growth.
In this way, El ophthalmology continues to channel managerial and operational talent to the chain and achieve the radiation of technological excellence.
At the same time, El ophthalmology, through a variety of medium- and long-term incentives, has injected a single dose of “heart-pumps” into the entire network, thus ensuring the efficient use of these resources. In addition to the unique business model of hierarchical chains, the Elelic philosophy of expansion is in fact reflected in every detail of the chain expansion.
Up. At every critical point in time, El ophthalmology has taken strong and effective strategic and tactical measures that have led to a shift from slow to quick, from incubation to M&A fund models. This kind of control of the expansionary rhythm, and even management operations throughout the development of El ophthalmology, is worthy of continuous study and learning.
Special thanks to Huang Shuhai classmates for their contribution to this report, which is located on the 4th floor of the Guangzhou International Finance Center, 5 Juju Jiangxi Road, Guangzhou City.