Center for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Weir shares (603501.sh) bought (first rating)
The company is expected to acquire Beijing Howie, the scarce object of the cis, as a new growth point. According to the announcement of 15 August 2018 by Weir, the company intends to purchase Beijing Howie 96.08% (for $14.510 billion) and Spico 42.27% (for $234 million) by issuing shares.
With a total of 443 million shares issued, the total stock of listed companies will increase to a global image sensor market of about $11.6 billion in 2016, projected to be about $17 billion in 2021, capr = 10-15%.
(cis) After Sony, Samsung, now Beijing's Luxury Stewards, the company distribution business shares the logic of growth in the electronics sector: this year the company's distribution business broke out largely to benefit from the price increases for passive components, and this year's harvest is expected to double and is expected to be represented by mlcc
Self-research products are growing steadily: the company ' s self-research products are concentrated mainly on separate devices, including tvs (15.73% in 2017), mosfet (4.76% in 2017), power management chips (6.09% in 2017). In recent years, with new applications such as electric cars and radios, etc.
The increase in heat and the growing demand for components such as mosfet, power management, etc., while the price of mosfet is on the rise, as well as the gradual acceleration of the expansion of customers downstream of the company, are expected to grow slightly faster than the growth in the industry.
Song Qingjun, the semiconductor industry is now valued at 48 times (ttm), taking into account the advance of future large-scale, high-quality asset mergers and acquisitions.
Risk of transaction failure; risk of firm commitment not to perform; this transaction constitutes linkage: distribution + self-research + extension three-wheel drive company founded in May 2007 and based in Shanghai. Mainly engaged in design and sales applications
High-performance integrated circuits in the areas of portable electronics, television, electric vehicles, electricity meters, communications equipment, network equipment, information terminals, etc.
According to the latest announcement, companies are expected to acquire scarce cys-based Howe technology as a new point of growth. The company’s biggest focus is on the imminent acquisition of Howe-Beijing, which will be 100% of Hae-wee-wee-wee-wee if completed.
The main operating entity in Beijing is its subsidiary company, Howie in the United States, and its subsidiaries. Howie in the United States has the technology to fill a gap in China’s semiconductor, the high-end cmos image sensor (cis, cmosesensor).
The following is an overview of howell technology in the United States. According to the bulletin of 15 August 2018 by Weir, the company intends to purchase the North Billion by issuing shares, and 79.93% of the share (for $254 million) in view of the source of the letter, an increase of $33.88/equity.
The total number of shares in this purchase of assets is 443 million, and when this transaction is completed, the total stock capital of listed companies will be increased to 899 million shares.
279.435,000 shares, or 31.10 per cent of the total stock of the listed company; 80,409,522 shares of the listed company are held indirectly by the Schoching Weihouse under its control, or 8.95 per cent of the total stock of the listed company.
The transaction will not result in a change in the control of the listed company. At the same time, the company intends to issue shares in confidence by asking for bids to no more than 10 eligible specific investors, raising an amount of less than $2 billion in matching funds.
In 2019-2021, the number of identifiable intangible assets generated by the acquisition of the United States Howie in Beijing and the impact of its amortization of the value added of his long-term assets is expected to be $154.58.5 million, $154.58.5 million and $173,65.4 million, respectively, so that the actual performance of the Beijing Howie performance committed parties is projected.
Based on the average profit margin level of the global semiconductor design company and the past performance of the United States, we believe that howell Beijing, as a first-class semiconductor, has great hopes of meeting its performance commitments over the next three years.
The following figure shows the changes in the financial data for the Weir shares following the expected completion of the acquisitions: The net profit from the return of Xiaowei is based on the performance commitment data of Howe 2019, the total assets/net assets are based on the data of 2017 and adjusted for the purchase value.
Data on the shares of well are for 2017. Figure 6: Changes in data after mergers and acquisitions (in millions of dollars) 3. Acquisitions of Howell technology.
What's the trend in the industry as a whole? We're here to give a brief overview of the sensor industry.
The cis sensor chip (light signal to telecommunications) and the video processing chip (mainly digital signals) are the two most important electronic components for image processing. The camera process is actually the process of converting light signals to telecoms.
a. Cameras: light from a condensed outside view. b. Sensor chips: Sensor chips decomposition the images into millions of pixels and convert them into telecoms and transmit them to analogue digital converters and convert them to digital signals.
c. Video treatment chips: acceptance of the digital signal transmitted by the sensor, further processing of which is more likely to be of two types than sensor chips: charge coupling (ccd,charge-coupled device) and cnos sensors (cis, csimagesensor).
The reason is that Cis' share in the sensor market is already more than 99%. According to the icinsights 2016 data, the global image sensor market was about $11.6 billion in 2016 and is projected to be $17 billion by 2021, capr = 10.3%, sales volume
The concentration of the cis market is high, and the share of the leader (Sony) has increased even further. By 2016, four major corporations held 76% of the world ' s market share, Sony (42%), Samsung (18%), Howie/OMNIVISION (12%), Ansen semiconductor (6%).
Sony and Samsung are dominated by consumer electronic applications, while Ansen semiconductors are excellent in automobile electronics Figure 8: Size of the cis market and trends Figure 9: Share of suppliers in the 2016 market
There's nothing more powerful about sciss than the spread of smart phones in the last decade. Over the next decade, we think that multiple camera phones, unmanned cars, security, medical, robotic applications, etc., will grow and continue to boost downstream demand.
Figure 11: Trends in the proportion of downstream applications in the cis market
Although smartphone sales have stabilized, double and even extra-photo cell phones are once again pulling off cis's needs. Currently, the number of double-photos is mostly more than $2,000. According to third party data, global double-photo cellular penetration reached 8-10% in 2017, and we estimate the next three.
The year is expected to reach 50% penetration, or even higher. That is, most of the 2000 machines and a significant proportion of the 1,000-dollar opportunity are double-gauge. This alone, based on 1.5 billion mobile phones delivered each year, can boost 700 million extra cis requirements over the next three years.
3d perception (3dsensing) will increase the need for infrared cmos image sensors 3d senses is one of the important entry points for future human interaction. As forecast by ams, 3d senses the market size of 100 million euros in 2017, and 3d senses the market cagr = 44% in the next 5 years.
In 2022, it will reach 800 million euros. Most of the 3d Sensing applications are currently in industry for cost and technology reasons. As product technology continues to evolve, the next four years of electronics/gas downstream applications will be in consumer electronics.
Cars are undoubtedly one of the largest applications following a cell phone, and it is expected that by 2021, car applications will increase from 3 per cent in 2015 to 14 per cent in all applications, the largest downstream applications.
The number of cameras per vehicle is expected to increase steadily from the current 1.23 to 2.2 per vehicle by 2020, with approximately 120 million worldwide and 97 million vehicles produced in 2017, with the average number of equipped cameras per vehicle worldwide estimated at 1.23. As countries attach importance to traffic safety,
(e.g., the United States requires that all new sedans be equipped with rear-vision cameras starting in May 2018 and extending to all trucks and buses by 2019) and that the penetration rate of adas be increased and the number of cameras for all vehicles is expected to increase continuously in the future.
One camera corresponds to one cis. On the basis of the following assumptions, we estimate that there will be a car-borne cis for the next three years.
Multiple smartphones, 3d senses, unmanned troikas for cis pull, as described above, we predict that the three cars with the greatest cis pull: smartphones, 3d senses, unmanned vehicles (preloading market) will reach 3.4 billion, 3.9 billion, over the next three years.
Four and a half billion, or 12 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, and the profile and industry status of Howell Technologies, a leading provider of digital image processing programs, was founded in 1995 in the United States of America.
Formerly an American company, NASDAQ, whose main business is cos image sensor technology (cis), was privatized at the beginning of the year at $1.9 billion and is now a fully owned subsidiary of Beijing.
Figure 18: Statement of Statement of Balance of Howie, United States
Lower Beijing Howie clients are mainly mobile (60%), security (16%) and automobile (13%), including mainstream cellular operators (Wai, Mi, opo, vivo), security providers.
First-line car manufacturers (Benz, BMW, etc.)
How are the products of Howe-Tech on the world stage? We think Howe-Tech is a world-class first-class cis manufacturer after Sony and Samsung. Here we compare the main high-end products of domestic and international cis manufacturers: sensor size, effective pixels.
The most recent release in July of this year, imx586, with 48 million pixels at the highest industry level and a sense of the frame level, has a fairly strong performance. Three stars follow Howie. Howie has also started to lay high-pixel products, such as ov24a10, with 24 million pixels, while the frame rate has been reached.
30fps. The Chinese manufacturer’s products, though somewhat different from the first-class plants, are already at a lower level than the leading firms in some areas of use.
Howell has its own powerful semiconductor distribution system to help Howell expand the market. Howell's technology is mainly in chip design, and it's in the United States, far away from the Asian market, with the advantage of the indigenous distribution channels of Weir's shares.
Howell's technology can quickly gain access to more comprehensive market information, develop a “front-to-show” model, and strengthen corporate corporate solutions. 2) Improved corporate governance. With the privatization of Howie in the United States, some people are lost, business starts.
Decline. Since September 2017, when he became the chief executive officer of Howie in the United States, he began to integrate Howie in the United States, and, as can be seen from howell’s financial data for 2017, howell’s business performance in the United States has begun to improve.
The growth of electronic component distributors has been accompanied by an increase in the global e-business landscape. In 2017, for example, the global semiconductor sales amounted to $412.2 billion, an increase of 21.6 per cent.
In 2018, global semiconductor sales will reach $451.2 billion, and from 2016 to 2018, China’s distribution companies will rise in ranking, mainly as a result of China’s rising share in consumer electronics markets. China has become a major player in terms of population size and penetration of smart equipment.
The world’s most important electronic consumer market. For example, sales data on 2018q2 global semiconductor markets: global semiconductor markets: sales value: $11.7 billion, qoq: 6.0 per cent, yoy: 20.5 per cent; United States semiconductor markets: sales value: $25 billion, qoq: 3.1 per cent, yoy: 26.7 per cent;
China’s semiconductor market: sales value: $40.8 billion, qoq: 13.3%, yoy: 30.7%. China’s semiconductor market exceeds the world average for acceleration, and the boom in downstream markets necessarily leads to the rise of distributors.
The share of small distributors has gradually increased. The 2017 list of electronics distributors top 50, according to Sourcetoday, found that the top 10 companies had revenue of $77.3 billion, representing 9.3 per cent of the city ' s share, a slight decrease from 95 per cent in 2016.
The distribution chain is a part of the electronics chain that does not match or is missing, and the distributor is the upstream semiconductor design firm that connects the semiconductor chain and downstream electronics manufacturing.
Business ties are an integral part of the entire industry chain, mainly as follows: semiconductor designers have a much larger number of downstream customers than upstream customers. Semiconductor product designs have a high concentration and a strong monopoly, while semiconductor products have a wide range of downstream applications, with a wide range of manufacturers.
Semiconductor designers can only concentrate on a small number of full-scale customers on their own technological and marketing capabilities, and most market openings and technology implementations require distributors to do so. Distributors are highly competitive. Semiconductor designers usually choose large quantities for cost reasons.
The same type of chip is produced, and most manufacturers of electronics have limited but more varied demand for single-type products, which makes it difficult to take price initiatives through scale effects, while distributors with large-scale ordering capacity receive relatively low procurement prices and stronger supply security.
The company’s performance in this year’s distribution business has largely benefited from the price increases in passive parts, which have been influenced by the price increases in passive parts this year, with the company’s distribution revenue increasing 141% in the first half of the year over the same period. The company’s main distribution product consists of one) passive components, such as resistors, capacitors, and electrical sensors.
Devices, such as connectors, caskets, cartos, etc. Chart 27: Distribution sales in millions and percentage of Taiwan ' s passive component giants, Chinese Xinco, Chili, and so forth increased in mid-2017.
The price announcement opened up the stage of the current round of passive device increases. Chart 30: mlcc global market increases, so we analyzed passive device increases so much that the price increases were mainly due to the following factors:
In the case of car mlcc, the use of new energy vehicles will multiply, and the use of pure electric cars mlcc will be 5.2 times the use of fuel. And, with the increase in car computerization, the use of mlcc bicycles is expected to double in two years. In addition, the use of car mlcc will be increased.
Higher prices and profits, car mlcc is about 5-10 times more expensive than traditional consumer electron mlcc. Murada, tdk, and kimonos began to phase out some of the conventional product production to car electronics, leaving the low-end mlcc missing.
Environmental regulations have become more stringent, with higher prices for upstream raw materials. The mlcc industry is more affected by raw materials. The cost of materials in mlcc accounts for about 40-50% of the operating costs. The main ones are ceramic powder, copper, etc., of which ceramic powder is the largest, reaching 30% of the cost of materials; copper and silver nickel.
Since 2016, as our environmental policy has become more stringent, a large number of small-scale factories in the upstream sector have been unable to meet their targets due to insufficient environmental input, and have been shut down and bought. For example, domestic non-ferrous bronze prices have been collected since mid-2016.
Figure 34: Monthly collection of a passive unit plant is expected to continue the mlcc price increase cycle at least until 2019, and distributors are expected to reap further benefits. We expect companies to operate on their own with steady industry trends.
Mainly concentrated on separate devices, including tvs (15.73 per cent of the 2017 battalion), mosfet (4.76 per cent of the 2017 battalion), power management chips (2017 battalion) and a steady increase in the demand for tvs
In all kinds of electronic devices, a sudden rush into an instant high-pressure pulse (e.g., human electrostatic power) will strike the semiconductor device through the electronic device, affecting the normal operation of the electronic device.
Figure 36: tvs applies the global market size of tvs in 2017 at around $540 million and is expected to reach leaders in 2025.
Simiconducor, wayon, nxp, et cetera.Mosfet downstream applications gradually expand, and new applications such as cars pull demand mosfet is mos (metaloxidesemiconducor semiconductor) field effects
The main function, which is to change the size of the current through the application of voltage, is used mainly for power switching and switch circuits. The downstream applications are extensive: as the heat of new applications such as electric cars and radios has increased in recent years, the needs of mosfet have also increased.
According to ihs, global market size reached $5.5 billion in 2015, global market size reached $5.78 billion in 2016, a year-on-year growth rate of 5.09 per cent, and is expected to sustain past growth rates in the next few years:
The products of these major international factories, such as British Flying Eagle, the Ansen Semiconductor (on Semi), and Reza, are of a professional standard. There are gaps in Chinese companies’ technology from first-class plants, starting with low-end penetration.
6. Profit projection and investment proposal Valuation using a relative valuation method, currently 48 times the value of the semiconductor industry (ttm), taking into account the risk of future failure of the transaction: this transaction is subject to approval by the CSRC and is subject to monitoring by the national market
The Antimonopoly Office of the Directorate-General has to review the operator of the transaction centrally before it can be implemented. Whether the transaction can obtain the above-mentioned approvals or approvals and the time at which the relevant approvals or approvals are eventually obtained. Risk that the firm's performance will not be met if the market is not opened as a result of increased competition.
In anticipation, changes in industrial policy, tax increases or preference reductions, trade restrictions and economic sanctions, the promise of unsatisfied performance may exist in Howe, Spico, Beijing, depending on the source of the letter.
In Yung, who is also the de facto controller of the current reshuffle deal with each other. Chen Ji-bin, the director of Weir shares, is the director of the deal with each other in Beijing. Moreover, if the reshuffle is not completed, Qingjio will hold 6.88% of the listed company, Ka Xing Shui Lam, Ka Xing and Ka Xing.
Howie and Hua Qingbo, acting in concert, will together hold 6.02% of the shares of listed companies. In accordance with the rules on listing, the restructuring constitutes a related transaction between the relevant parties of Shao Hingweihowo, Qingjio, Ka Xingyu, Ka Xing Howie, Beijing Bo-Hing, and Hua Qingbo.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment