Recommended (for the first time) dty to build a new high-end textile industry chain 18 February 2021
The company was restructured in 2018 to transform its core business into the development, production and sale of long wires for civilian washing into a chain structure for the production of pta polyester fibres. The industry chain was vertically integrated in 2019 and is expected to be 2021.
Xu Xiao Jianxing Project for final refining integration will be operational, when the company will open the chain of crude oil refining-px/Ethylene-pta-polyester-optics with core competitiveness, overall profitability and risk resistance.
The company's refining projects are large-scale and cost-competitive. The company's refining projects are the largest single-line producing country in the Hominometer, and they are designed to “process 16 million tons of crude oil annually, 2.8 million tons of px per year, and ethylene per year”.
“In accordance with the limited construction of China's petrochemical project by the industry's authority, the public has invested in capacity, the low point in unit costs and the ton of oil profits, and the internal rate of return on the project's investment.
High, combined with investment, cost and efficiency, 15-18 million tonnes/year of size is the best economic scale of the refinery, so theoretically the unit cost of the company's refining project is better than the constant refining phase and the Zhejiang petrochemical phase.
In keeping with the concept of “less-finished oils, more-manufactured chemicals”, the refining project focuses on higher-value-added aromatics and aromatics. In August 2019, the company refined the refining project to reduce the rate of oil production from 37% to about 31% and to increase the rate of chemical production to around 31%.
About 69%, higher than the average of the three major private refining projects with the same industry. The rate of refinery capacity per px of the Rainbow Refining Integration Project reached 17.43%, well above the national average and Japan-South Korea level.
Long-wire series products produce 2.1 million tons, with hundreds of differentiated and disaggregated products, 90% more differentiated products, 100% coverage of differentiated products on the market, and industry-wide leadership.
Corporate-wide Māori ratios are higher than industry averages, and R&D inputs lead comparable firms. Future linkages and scale-up will help to further improve product Māori rates and competitiveness through industry-wide linkages.
Investment Recommendations: Recommended Ratings for Companies. Oil prices have shifted steadily in the middle, downstream polyester fibres Demand and price have recovered, and product Māori increases and additional net gains have resulted from the launch of the super-smelting project.
1.1 Construction of a new high-end textile industry chain of “oil refining - px/ethanol - pta - polyester - fibre optics”
There are three main industrial layouts. The company has now formed an industrial chain structure of "pta-polyester-bibyl" and, upon landing in 2019 and 2020, the company will open the chain of "oil refining-px/ethanol-pota-bibyl" to enhance the company's core competitiveness, overall profitability and resilience to risk.
The impact on the "pta-polyester-optics" industry was stronger. Although the domestic epidemic was gradually brought under control in the second quarter of 2020, and the rate of downstream textile companies starting work increased, the overseas epidemic caused repeated delays in textile and clothing exports, with prices falling sharply in the first half of 2020 for pta, pty, fdy, poy, and a sharp drop in the Māori rate for company-related products, pta, pta, pta,
Dty, Fdy, Poy Māori rates have fallen by 6.23 pct, 5.95 pct, 2.05 pct, 10.82 pct. The "pta-polyte-optic" Māori rates have been affected by the price fluctuations of upstream raw materials, aromatic hydrocarbons, and downstream demand for textile clothing, and after the release of the Rainbow Refining Integration Project (hereinafter referred to as “the Project”),
The extension of the company's industrial chain to upstream hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and the formation of a complete new high-end textile industry chain of “oil refining-px/ethanol-pta-polyester-optics”, increasing the self-sufficiency of raw materials Meg, px upstream of the company's core business, will enhance the company's core competitiveness, overall profitability and resilience to risk.
Ten thousand tons, annual production of px2.8 million tons, annual production of ethylene and downstream derivatives 1.1 million tons), accompanied by 300,000 tons of crude oil terminals and 4 50,000 tons of liquid chemical terminals. Once the project is completed, the raw materials from the company pta industrial chain will be supplied, and the product will be produced in a rainbow.
The chemical meg will be further supplied to the company's national subsidiaries for high-quality production of dty, fdy, poy (differentiated chemical fibres) Figure 7: After completion of the refining project, the company will form an industrial chain of “oil refining-px/ethyl diol-pta-polyester-optics” The refining project is expected to be operational by the end of 2021.
The company began work on the refining project in December 2018, with a three-year construction period, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and will be completed by the public in 2022.
The Division contributed. By the end of June 2020, 44.3 billion yuan worth of procurement contracts had been awarded for the refining project, which had reached about 75 per cent of the total contract value, and the end-of-life, long-cycle and sub-cycle equipment had been ordered, with a 75 per cent rate of completion to the right; and the ground-based processing had been completed, with the pillar construction cumulatively completed to 53.52 per cent of the total figure.
By the end of 2020, 60,580 million yuan had been invested in the project, and another 3.5 billion yuan had been received from retransferable debt (the issuance of 5 billion dollars is under review), which basically covered 61,742 million yuan in construction investment and interest over the construction period.
3 - Three government funds, including $2.48 billion (the total size of the fund is $2.5 billion, of which the company has pledged $250 million, with 10 per cent), $3 billion (the total size of the fund is $3.98 billion, with 39.93 per cent of the sum of the firm ' s contribution), and $3.0 billion (the sum of $1.198 billion, with 39.93 per cent of the sum of investment in the winner ' s industry in Suzhou).
On 13 November 2020, the company issued the Proclamation on the Replenishment of Rainbow Smelting (Ling Cloud Harbour) Limited, which increased the registered capital to $19.8 billion after the three government funds were added to the equity, of which the company contributed $140.52 directly and indirectly, representing 73.65 per cent of the stock stock, and the company maintained a controlling position over the Shenlong Smelting.
1. Bank loans: On 16 November 2020, the Hong Kong Bank of China, Inc., signed a loan agreement with the banks of Wu Jiang branch and Jiangsu branch of the National Development Bank, to collect a loan for fixed assets of up to RMB 41.5 billion in medium- and long-term loans.
In response to the SEC review of the second feedback, $3.5 billion of the $5 billion worth of fungible funds was spent on refining projects. 1.2 Corporate refining projects have a strong competitive edge, and companies have a large scale and cost-competitiveness.
The core installations of projects such as the crude oil processing capacity of 16 million tonnes/year, the aromatic hydrocarbons combined unit size of 2.8 million tonnes/year (in terms of production of dibenzene) and the ethylene fission unit size of 1.1 million tonnes/year are among the largest in the world.
Dismantling and accompaniing chemical plants is also the largest or larger device in the same type of device in the country, and the single series processing capacity of each process device/module has an advantage of scale compared to the same type of device/unit. 16 million tonnes of single-line processing is the country’s largest single-line capacity at present and is the average size of a global refinery.
More than two times the average size of our refinery, the size of which directly affects the level of energy consumption, and hence production costs. This project ' s installations have saved about 50 kg of standard oil/tons of energy consumption compared to the large number of single-line 2 million tons of installations in the country. In addition, savings have been achieved as a result of the integrated design of the refinery units, the capacity matching and self-sufficiency of the supply between upstream and downstream installations.
The chain has cost advantages. The constant refining of 21 per 10 million tonnes/year and Zhejiang petrochemical of 21 per 10 million tonnes/year was launched in May 2019 and December 2019, respectively. The epidemic hit the economy in 2020 and demand for downstream products worsened.
One hundred million yuan, each profiting more than the state-run refinery. According to the industry’s internal rights, the U.S. Agency, China Petrochemical Engineering Limited, calculated the profitability of the 500-25 million tonnes/year refinery, 15-18 million tonnes/year of inter-district capacity investment, low unit cost and ton oil profits, and internal revenue from the project’s investment.
The benefits, combined with investment, cost, and efficiency, range from 15 million to 18 million tonnes per year is the best economy for a refinery, so theoretically the unit cost of a company's refining project is better than the constant refining phase and the Zhejiang petrochemical phase. The chemical harvest rate is higher than that of its peers.
Focusing on high-value-added aromatic and aromatic products. In August 2019, the company optimized the refining project design, reducing the total investment from $77,475 million to $67,664 million, while reducing the harvest rate of finished oils (finished oil production/oil processing) from 37 per cent to about 31 per cent, increasing the rate of chemical products to about 69 per cent, above the average of the three major private refining projects with the industry;
At the same time, the range of chemical products produced has been adjusted to reduce duplication with the associated company Srbon petrochemical products. The Rainbow Refining Integration Project (Px) accounted for 17.43% of refined oil production, well above the national average and Japanese-Korean level.
The main industries, such as equipment manufacturing, trade processing in port logistics and new high-performance materials, in the region ' s petrochemical industry base, which is one of the seven major petrochemical industry bases in the country, is planned to cover 62.61 square kilometres, depending on the 300,000-ton deep-water port, and is based on the integration of refined oils, ethylenes, aromatic hydrocarbons, which forms a large-scale refining and integration base for multi-product chains and multi-product clusters.
Construction of a total of 40 million tons of grade refined oil, 6 million tons of grade ethylene and 7 million tons of grade aromatic hydrocarbons.
It is expected that 70% of the chemical products from the refining project will be digested in the park.
Within the base, the main chemical products of the project, px, ethylene, ethylene, acrylic, etc., are in high demand, with a large supply gap in the country, and are currently largely supplemented by imports. Even the chemical industries in the cloudy petrochemical industry have a large number of projects, chemical materials are in demand, companies are refining their products, and the remaining products can be sold within the region, owing to their shorter transport radius, at a higher cost than their counterparts outside the district.
In the vicinity of the project, there is a strong demand for finished oil. The diesel fuel produced by the refining project meets national product quality standards, and aviation kerosene meets current national standards (not more than 10 ppm by sulphur content).
There is a strong demand for regional finished oils. Rainbow Refinery Company Rainbow Oil Marketing Ltd. has signed a letter of intent for the purchase and sale of finished oil with 17 companies, including Jiangsu Oil Branch, China Oil and Taefu Ship Fuel Co. Ltd., with China's petrochemical sales stock.
In accordance with the principle of marketization, long-term stabilization of the supply to cooperative enterprises of various types of finished oil that meet national quality standards will be achieved. Work is under way in the Xu Xinxin district on the construction of 300,000 tons of sea lanes and liquid bulk terminals in the Xu Quang port area, the acceleration of the railway line dedicated to the coastal railways and the Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu, and the implementation of off-port roads such as the 226 provincial and Xu Xu Xin roads.
(a) Construction of the north wing of the canal, construction of the riverine dredging lanes, such as the burning of the Kanji river channel, and improvement of other basic works.
Air transport is radioactive in North Su, Lunan, Xiang north; the project reservoir is located in the immediate vicinity of the Central petrochemical assembly depot, which connects directly with the North Su pipeline and interacts with the South and Central Su. The crude oil transport costs are superior.
Ten 5 to 100,000 tons of liquid-chemical terminals are under construction. The refining project is supported by 300,000 tons of crude oil terminals, 450,000 tons of liquid-chemical terminals, which can be piped into storage upon arrival at the port, and the crude-oil transport chain, which can save costs.3 The refining project is forecast to be profitable.
The first year (2022) of production load reduction is the average for January of the year. Based on the company ' s release of " On Rainbow Smelting (Ling Cloud Harbour) " , on 13 November 2020, the net profits from the Rainbow Smelting Project are expected to be 2022 and 2023 respectively.
67,325 million yuan, 84,156 million yuan, 3,703 million yuan, and 6,111 million yuan.
The company’s main business is the development, production and marketing of the civil long wires, which are operated and managed by the fully-owned national institute, Hakutoshi, and its major subsidiary, the Bounty Fibres, Mid-Technology, and Harbour Fibres. The product covers a range of poy, fdy, dty, etc. The company’s long wire series produces 2.1 million tons of capacity, and the differentiated and disaggregated product categories are above all.
100, with a product differentiation rate of more than 90%, 100% coverage of differentiated products in the market, leading the industry. The main product output is in the forefront of the industry, of which the high value added dty production capacity is the highest in the country. Table 8: Characteristics and uses of the company ' s main fibre optic products
Product characteristics and main uses A deformed silk type of vinyl detergent, based on polyesters (pets), pre-poy with high-speed spinning, dty-treathing.
Companies improve their product competitiveness through sustained autonomous R & D and technological innovation, and improve overall M & A, competitiveness, and industry status by focusing on differentiated high-end products. The M & A rate of company scrubbing is higher than the industry average, mainly due to higher value added dty products.
It is expected to increase product competitiveness step by step as the future whole-of-the-industry linkages and scale increases and pta costs are passed downstream. Figure 20: Comparison of Māori Levels in Head Business Fibre Operations (%)
Figure 21: Percent share of company-tailed silk products compared to their counterparts in 2019 (%2.2) places emphasis on R & D inputs, continuously increasing differentiated competitive advantages, and after many years of development, the country ' s fibre optics industry has left behind a single market that is based on price competition and blind expansion of productive capacity.
In turn, the pattern of the field has shifted to new patterns of differentiated production, intelligent manufacturing, high-performance fibres, effective bio-based fibres, ongoing autonomous research and development and technological innovation, mainly in the development and production of ultra-fine fibres, differentiated functional fibres, complete autonomous intellectual property rights, world leaders in renewable ptt polyesters, fibre chains, and global leaders.
In recent years, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, with 703 million and 749 million in 2018 and 2019, respectively, with a R & D ratio of 3.06%.
Research and development has intensified in the cutting edge and high-end functional fibre products of fumes. Through autonomous research and development, the company has successfully developed the world’s first specialized “rememographic fibre” production line, becoming the world’s largest full dissipation series of fibres, multi-packages of “silence complexes” and so forth, as well as the world’s largest multiplicity of composite fibre suppliers.
The company introduces biopdo and new technologies for the high production of bio-based fibres from the seismic organisms, extracts pdo using biological methods, with an annual capacity of 30,000 tons, and ends up making a product of ptt, thus forming a complete line of production from the bio-based to polyester fibres. The Orient Rainbow is a company with core technology in addition to Dubon, breaking the foreign firm vs. pttt.
The monopoly of core technologies, with complete autonomous intellectual property rights, the world ' s leading resource renewable ptt polyester, fibre industry chains; leading the development of international standards for the Iso 18066 to achieve zero breakthroughs in China ' s fibre-optic industry; and working on the intelligent transformation of fibre-optic production lines, autonomously developing the first production-smart logistics system in the fibre-optic industry.
Figure 23: R & D inputs from companies and head enterprises as a percentage of revenue (%) 2.3 pta productivity increases and increases profitability pta is one of the major organic feedstocks, mainly for the production of polyester fibres (polyesters), polyester bottles and clustering
ester membrane, widely used in the fields of chemical fibres, light work, electronics, construction, etc. The company’s pta operations are dominated by the production of rainbow petrochemicals. Rainbow petrochemicals is the company’s second-tier fully-owned subsidiary and one of the main pta suppliers in the east of China. Currently, 1.5 million tons/year pta capacity is being built and 2.4 million tons/year pta production is under construction.
In the first quarter of 2021, it can be expected to be operational.Iris Harbour is located at a petrochemical industrial base in the Xuengang district of Lilonghu, based on such advantages as geographical location, regional traffic, industrial clusters, and product radiation in the North-Lunan region, while providing a stable supply of raw materials for the company's polyester fibre-optics business plate.
The company’s new productive capacity has a stronger alternative to older capacity, which will help improve pta’s profitability. 3. The industry landscape will recover, and the company’s performance is expected to recover.
The impact of the oil collapse and the price volatility of polyester products has led to a marked decline in corporate performance. According to the company’s recent performance forecast, corporate performance has declined significantly, mainly as a result of the significant macroeconomic impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, which spread around the world in 2020.
But we see that, starting in the fourth quarter of 2020, prices for products like dty have been falling back, and the price differential for products and raw materials has been rising back in the fourth quarter. The company’s non-net profit for the first three seasons has fallen by 91.74%, four times the same year.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that the new crown outbreak will be effectively controlled as the vaccine is successfully developed and placed on the market. The recovery will gradually lead to a recovery in demand from downstream industries.
In the meantime, in 2021, projects such as differentiated functional longlines, annual production of 2.4 million tons of pta II, etc., will be put into production, especially with the completion of the 16 million tons refining integration project of the Rainbow Smelting (Lian Cloud Harbour) Limited.
The input test vehicle will further enhance the company's future profitability and resilience to risk by forming an integrated business model for the entire chain of “oil refining-px/ethanol-pta-polyester-optics”.
The company was restructured in 2018 to transform its core business into research and development, production and marketing of civil scrubbed silk into an industrial chain structure of “pta polyester fibres”. Vertical integration of the industrial chain was carried out in 2019, with the expected completion of the refining integration project by the end of 2021, when the company would open the chain of “oil refining-px/ethanol-pta-polyesters-opticals” with a core competition.
Corporate polyesters focus on high-value-added dty products, while increasing product competitiveness through sustained autonomous R & D and technological innovation. Corporate overall M & A rates are higher than industry averages, and their R & D inputs are received in proportion to their peers.
In the future, through full-scale connectivity and scale-up, there will be further improvements in the Māori ratio of products and in the gradual realization of the tons of refined integration project, which will further boost business profits and enhance performance. New refining integration projects are among the top in the industry, with a niche, transport, and industrial cluster advantage, with high levels of profitability.
As the new crown vaccine is successfully developed and marketed, the epidemic is under control, the economy is gradually recovering, leading to a recovery in demand in the downstream sector, and a recovery in profit from polyester products. Work loads are maintained at 100% annually and later. As the economy recovers, the price of oil is steadily moving in the middle, while downstream polyesters are at the same time.
The recovery in fibre optic demand and prices will lead to a more visible improvement in corporate performance. The price of crude oil, the price of corporate products, and the pta expansion, and the major refining projects, are below expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.