q3 showed strong performance, with chlorinated properties released to help sustain growth The three-quarterly review of the company ' s 2019 tri-quarter report, yielding $8,271 million, an increase of 3.08 per cent over the same period; and the net profit of deductions
With 1,994 million yuan, an increase of 5.44 per cent over the same period; and a basic gain of $104 per share. The net current is $993 million, a decrease of $1 billion over the same year, an increase of 5.25 per cent over the same year, and a net gain of $772 million, an increase of 29.27 per cent over the same year. The company ' s o3 performance is expected to continue to improve.
\triangleright ' s 2019q3 performance increased significantly mainly from two sources: on the one hand, the company ' s two consecutive increases in sales of titanium powder in August and September, totalling $1,000/tonne (domestic), $100/tonne (international), prices
The increase has significantly increased the profitability of the company's products; on the other hand, the company's cost controls, Māori sales, the unit's comparison with the trend of 300 depths, the tension in the supply of high titanium slags required for international chlorination is unlikely to improve, and the domestic sulphate production is on the whole.
The company’s profitability is expected to increase continuously in the future, as sales of higher-priced titanium powder sales increase. Several projects, such as 200,000 tons of chlorination, are gradually coming into operation, and titanium whole-chain operations become a new performance growth point.
The tons-of-chloride titanium powder project has been put into operation and is expected to contribute between 30 and 40,000 tons a year. In addition, the 30,000-ton high-end titanium alloy project being built by the Department, and the 500,000-ton titanium-tium-upgrading conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project will be phased in from 2020 to 2021, and titanium-wide chain operations will enhance the company’s overall competitive advantage.
The strategic acquisition of the new titanium industry and the extension of the industrial chain will be followed by the building of a bridgehead for the South-East Asian region. The company completed the acquisition of 98.39% of its shares in the new titanium industry during the reporting period.
Tons of sponge titanium, 80,000 tons of high titanium slag production lines. Through this merger, the company added titanium production capacity; and the new location of Yunnan Chuzhou, which is expected to become a bridgehead for the company’s march into South-East Asia and an important strategic growth pole.
The M&As are a number of growth poles: 9.1x, 7.0x, 5.7x, and the company is growing well. The value is significantly lower than the Schenwan I chemical industry dynamicpe 2.
The company ' s financial statements are based on a summary of projections of the company ' s financial statements, which graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate chemical engineering and engineering, graduate studies in mineral processing (coalification).
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.