The three-quarter performance of the company has improved significantly, and the company's performance has continued to increase.
Yoy+3.1 per cent net profit of 2.7 billion yuan, yoy+4.8 per cent net profit earned by the mother, equivalent to a gain of 104 yuan per share, the company price of titanium powder has been raised twice since August, the overall price of titanium powder has recovered steadily, while the public administration has put 200,000 tons of chlorinated titanium powder into production, adding up to the new titanium industry and gradually returning to production.
titanium powder is expected to rise at full prices, leading to sustained growth in corporate performance and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. The increase in the profits of titanium ore and the fall in costs have led to higher than expected performance: the average price of titanium powder in the third quarter was $15,463 per ton, a decline of 9.4 per cent in the same year, a decline of 5.8 per cent in the ring and an average price of 865 per ton in titanium ore.
In the previous three quarters, corporate profits and net profits had increased by the same year, with the company releasing 200,000 tons of chlorinated energy, in addition to the price of titanium.
Volume production, acquisition of the contribution of the new titanium industry and performance ratings have all played a positive role in the company’s performance. Overall, the company’s combined Māori ratio in the previous three quarters was 43.35 per cent, a slight increase of 0.09 percentage points in the same period, and a product mix.
The new titanium industry is back in business.
In the new titanium industry, 98.39% of the shares are held. The new titanium industry has well-developed chlorinated process-related production lines with a capacity of 60,000 tons of titanium powder and 10,000 tons of sponge titanium.
With the remaining 60,000 tons of titanium powder production successfully resumed in November, the acquisition has enabled the company to build up a sponge production capacity, add new profit growth points, and improve the company’s titanium mine-chloride titanium slag, and further consolidate and upgrade the entire chain of titanium powder- titanium- titanium alloy alloys.
The new project creates a growth space where the central price of titanium powder is expected to move upwards: the company is a domestic sulphate, the company is a titanium powder two-leading industry with a domestic municipal share of close to 30%, benefiting from vertical extension and resources.
Integration, with a self-sufficiency rate of more than 50% for titanium powder, and a clear cost advantage for the industry. The company's in-house expansion, the first line of production, the second line of production, is expected to be ready by the end of the year, the forward company plans to build up 30,000 tons of high-end titanium alloys, the development of high-end titanium alloys, and the construction of 500,000 tons to climb west.
The titanium ore upgrade conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, which meets the demand for raw materials for its own chlorinated titanium powder and high-end titanium alloy items, will be phased in by 2020-2021. Companies will strengthen the whole chain of titanium, operate vertically, expand production capacity, enrich product types, and continuously improve the overall competitive advantage of the industry.
In terms of titanium prices, reduced global capital spending on titanium, and a strong upward trend in the raw materials of titanium powder, which supports titanium powder, the company has raised prices twice in the second half of the year, up by $500 per ton for domestic customers and $50 for international customers.
The price of titanium powder is expected to rise further in the last three quarters, when domestic environmental policy has grown steadily in combination with export demand, as compared to 4.03% in the previous three quarters.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.