The construction of the titanium industry base and the rapid expansion of the sponge titanium business in cooperation with the Kimichuan Group (KIMC) incident: the company issued a public announcement and signed with the KIMC on 27 December on titanium production.
The two sides will set up joint ventures to build competitive and distinctive titanium industrial bases in the western region, and accelerate the restructuring and consolidation of titanium. Together, they will build titanium industrial bases and rapidly expand sponge titanium operations.
The plant is financed in the form of an assessment of all assets (including land) that are closely related to the production of sponge titanium, with a 30% share in joint ventures and a 70% share in joint ventures financed in cash.
Production capacity is expected to reach 15,000 tonnes/year. After the company acquired Yunnan-Zinjiang, 10,000 tonnes/year of titanium production has been successfully restored, followed by plans to expand the capacity of the new titanium to 45,000 tonnes/year through technological changes and expansions, and the capacity of the titanium production will reach 60,000 tonnes/year in the two regions of Shinjia and Kanakawa.
The size of the year will allow companies to further improve the titanium industry layout and increase the company ' s core competition stock/flow (millions of shares) as a result of the continuous contribution of production capacity from two chlorinated titanium powder-based projects.
The 12-month maximum/minimum sulfate base has the unique advantage of co-location of sulfate and chlorination devices, using the waste acid and reduced titanium reaction from sulfate to produce artificial gold sulfonite, with a capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year.
Pilot work has been completed to gradually provide raw materials for the chlorination capability of the focal base; the project for the conversion of 500,000 tonnes/year titanium concentrate to 300,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium slag is progressing well.
Barley reported mid-2019: pre-design is almost complete, the site is in the civil construction phase, expected to be completed by the end of 2020, which will feed the new base with titanium powder for chlorination. Global titanium resources are becoming more intense.
-2019/08/20 In a broad context, the completion of two raw material packages not only took full advantage of local resources, but also protected the dragon python (002601).
It is important to keep our raw materials stable, while at the same time significantly increasing the company’s cost advantage, and to take stock: before the season comes, we raise our prices again, and we increase our profitability.
The ability to produce chlorination is increasing rapidly, and the long line is becoming stronger. The company ' s chlorination method, phase II, is currently at 60% of the capacity of the 100,000 tonnes/year production line and the 2 100,000 tonnes/year production line.
Singley Research Report: Internal Outwards are moving in parallel, titanium white on November 18th, while a new 60,000-ton/year chlorinated titanium powder is expected to resume production at the end of December, with the company's accumulated technical research and experience in chlorination for many years leading to production and recovery.
It will lead China's titanium powder to the mainstream, and help company performance will rise to a higher level.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.