Material material, titanium powder taps perform well, property pessimism and the lifting of repression valuations: the company published three-quarterly reports in 2019 and earned $8,271 million in operating income in the last three quarters.
Won, +6.12 per cent, q3 quarter operating income of $291 million, +5.25 per cent, ring + 13.0 per cent, mother net profit of $796 million, +26.41, ring + 23 per cent, basic income and profit growth, and industry’s competitive edge was highlighted. National titanium has grown since the beginning of the year.
The powder market is running smoothly, downstream demand is resilient, upstream titanium supply is tight, raw material prices are rising, and firms with core competitive skills, costs, etc. are benefiting significantly. Companies have achieved net operating income and return returns in the first three quarters and the first quarter of the q3 quarter of the 2018 high base.
The price of titanium powder has been adjusted upwards to show the impact of the industry’s poles on the market. The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination capacity has been successfully tested, expanding the technological edge.
With many years of technological exploration and accumulation, one of the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year chlorine phase II production lines has been successfully operational and the system ' s operating times and loads have been innovative and will gradually contribute to titanium powder growth and performance.
The successful commissioning of single-line large-capable chlorination is not only helping companies to achieve a higher level of performance.
The new titanium industry is now back on track. The new titanium industry has 60,000 tons of titanium/year chlorinated titanium.
-2019/08/20 Mercury production capacity, 10,000 tonnes/year sponge titanium capacity and 80,000 tonnes/year high titanium slag capacity.
The process is well under way, with high titanium slags and sponge titanium now reproducing, titanium powder expected to resume production in November.
Downstream real estate is resilient. Despite the same decline in the size of the land acquired for forward-looking indicators, the dragon python (002601) is currently performing well in real estate investment and construction.
Accomplishing research reports: Internal outlays go hand-in-hand, titanium +10.5 per cent of total investment completion, double the completion of real estate investment after deduction of land acquisition costs, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Table: Profit forecasts and financial indicators
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.