There is a clear advantage in the “one-stop” layout of the energy supply sector (600674), and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has increased hydropower performance in the Yagi River.
Mother ' s net profit now stands at 3.52 billion yuan, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period, and a billion yuan, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the addition of Sichuan Yuda energy development and Guangxi Yuyaki Rural Power, which has a net profit of 3.52 billion yuan, a 13.9 per cent increase over the same period, which has risen at a rate of almost five years, benefiting mainly from the participation in the stock exchange.
The company’s return on investment increased in the same year, with an increase of $520 million in investment earnings from Yagi River, a company with 48% of its shareholdings, and a steady upturn in the operations of the main battalion, with the industrial layout optimizing the collection structure.
Products and services. Corporate business growth has been stable, electricity as a core business, and revenue collection has gradually increased significantly in recent years, with the “one-and-one-one-side” industry having started to perform well, and the business collection structure has been significantly optimized.
At the end of 2022, the Yakuza River had completed the production of 19.2 million kW of hydroelectric units, and the power plant had the advantages of size, high water efficiency and low electricity costs. In 2022, the Yakyong River Company earned $22.2 billion in revenue, making it nearly five years higher, with a 21.2 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
In addition, the Yangtze River is actively promoting the development and acquisition of wind and photovoltaic power projects along the river. The Yangtze River is gaining momentum and will continue to boost growth rates. Given the company’s stable operating conditions, the industrial layout is working well, and important players are participating in Yajun.
The river is gaining momentum, providing strong support for the growth of corporate performance, and we gave the company 18 times as much precipitation fluctuations and policy risks as it did in 2023.1 The “one-to-one-to-one” layout has a clear advantage, and Yagi River hydropower performance has increased.
In 1988, the Shanghai Stock Exchange was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and was one of the first companies to be listed in the western part of our securities capital market since it was born. In 1998, the whole Kawakawa Group merged with Sichuan Segawa.
In 2005, the company formally changed its name to “Save energy”. The company focuses on clean energy, with hydropower development, marketing as its main business, and the “two-side” industry in the field of rail transport and communications, with a strong technological innovation and product research and development capability.
As of the end of 2022, the Kawakashi Group held 53.22% of the shares directly and 0.89% indirectly through the deposit of iron in Kawakami, was the controlling shareholder of the company, the Yangtze Power Holding Company had 10.87% of the shares, the company ' s overall equity structure was stable for the second largest shareholder, and the effective control was the Sichuan State Treasury.
In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 3.52 billion yuan, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year, which was nearly five years higher, mainly benefiting from higher returns on investment in participating companies, with 48 per cent of the company-owned Aryan Main Operations having a stable structure and a high rate of sub-manufacturing Māori, which is a strong guarantee of profitability.
Electricity, software/hardware products and services. In recent years, the company’s main business has grown steadily, with electricity as its core business, generating a gross profit of 40 million yuan on a scale of 40.2 per cent, and the Māori rate for software products/services is 47.2 per cent/74.9 per cent, respectively, the two most profitable segments of the company’s business.
The contribution of software, hardware products and services to the growth of corporate performance will continue to grow as a result of aggressive efforts to seize market opportunities such as high-iron construction, urban rail transport, and communications. Yajiang Water and Power is doing well and reaping investment returns will lead to an increase in performance.
In 2022, Yagi River generated 22.2 billion yuan in operating revenue, up from 21.2 per cent in comparison with the previous five years, and invested 98.3 per cent of its total profits as a major equity participant in the company. At the same time, Yajiang is steadily promoting the acquisition and development of wind power and photovoltaic projects.
The Changraba mountain wind power project and the Cora 1 million kW light volt project are now officially under construction. The Yakang is gaining momentum, with steady growth in business performance, which will continue to boost the company’s future performance.
But the Māori rate for software products and services is high, and the overall Māori rate is expected to increase as the company’s “one-stop” industry is better structured and business collection structure is further optimized.
Assumption 1: Electricity is the company’s main business, with the highest share of hydropower, and the largest contribution to revenue generation. Taking into account the company’s development plan, it is expected that the Silver River hydroelectric plant will be operational in 2025 with an additional installed capacity of about 390,000 kWh, so the public sector’s hydroelectric power generation is expected to be 48.5/49.0/60.1 million kWh in 23-25 years.
In 23-25 years, the cost of electricity and water access was maintained at 0.2 kWh/kWh. The layout worked well. With relatively limited growth in hardware product operations, mainly as a result of investment earnings from software products and services at Yagi River Power Company in High Mauriori, we chose Yangjiang, Huahua, and the State to invest energy in Kawakawa.
The average of 2023 per cent is 15.5 times higher for comparable companies. Given the firm’s stable business situation, the industrial layout has been very effective, and the progress in the construction of hydroelectric plants has been less than anticipated, the risk of power demand falling in the electricity sector, fluctuations in precipitation in the basins where the plants are located has not been caused, nor will any form of compensation be obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or observations in this report.