Woo-tung Bus (600066) Leader, High-quality product service to Global Southwest Securities Institute
In 2024, China’s bus sales grew by 30.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and demand for domestic passenger cars, new energy buses and foreign markets grew. 3) The company’s forward-looking layout upgrades new energy products, smart network products and high-end products, power, smart network connectivity, low-carbonization, light-quantified technologies lead the way.
Intra-market sales + export demand resonance, and the market for buses and buses are on the rise. 511,000 vehicles were sold in China in 2024, an increase of 3.9% in the same year; 90 million buses were sold in China, an increase of 30.4% in the same year.
On the field, the high heat in the tourism market is driving the demand for seating buses; on the other hand, the new energy bus is entering a replacement cycle, with an intensive introduction of old- and new-energy bus policies that promote rapid growth in the demand for buses. On the export side, the overall demand for overseas buses continues to grow by 45.3 per cent compared to the 45.3 per cent increase, and global environmental policy is becoming more intense.
Energy bus export opportunities. The medium-sized bus industry has a “exceedingly strong” pattern, with the Wootong bus being the head of the industry, with 33.4% of the city in 2024, with multiple advantages and prospects for a greater market share.
Intelligent network products and high-end products have accelerated deployment. Wootong has a strong R & D team and a well-developed R & D system, with over 20% of R & D staff since 2020, high R & D costs, and core technology leading. In upgrading new energy products, companies are actively developing safe and energy-efficient technologies and working with the Ninder era.
Cooperation in the joint development of three power core technologies, with the introduction of long-lived, high-security and low-energy-consuming products; in the area of smart-net technology, companies actively invest in new technology research and applications, such as smart cockpits and smart-net networks; and in the area of high-end, companies continue to strengthen competitive advantages by developing high-end products, such as the u series, both within and outside the sea.
• Innovation in domestic marketing patterns, with a shift in exports of “manufacturing services plus solutions.” The company’s domestic marketing model is new, shifting to light assets, with multiple marketing channels under and on the line; the growth of overseas markets, with an upward trend in the number of overseas channels and a growing number of overseas customer service managers, with 2024h1 more than 370 people in the public domain.
The Division is moving from “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing services + solutions.” The original “Wootong model” for manufacturing exports from China is moving from product to technology. The company is committed to improving the system of supply of services and accessories, and continues to deepen its cooperation with a number of world-renowned automobile parts and components suppliers to upgrade its services security capabilities.
Prospectives and investment proposals: the bus industry continues to recover, domestic and export demand is growing rapidly, companies are leading the bus industry, and the competitive advantage of new energy sources is highlighted in the context of seaboarding, and performance is expected to continue to grow.
Newly less rapid than expected, less demand for overseas passenger vehicles, changes in environmental policies abroad, prices of raw materials such as batteries, etc.
Manufacturing and marketing, with products covering road passenger, tourist passenger, bus, group commuter, school bus, viewing car, airport ferry, auto-drive microcycle car, passenger car speciality, etc., can meet the market demand of 5 to 18 metres. As of 2024, the company’s sales of large and medium passenger vehicles had been the country’s first in a row for 22 years, and the industry’s leader was firmly established.
In 2024, the company won the top brand of the Chinese 500 most valuable brand and won the 2024 Caacs survey of passenger cars. It was founded in 2024 and launched the first long-distance bus in Henan Province.
In 2003, the company sold 15,000 goods domestically and became the country's champion of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles. In 2006, the company was evaluated as a national car whole export base company with advantages in export operations and obtained our first “export and import exemption” in the automobile industry. In 2008, the company launched the first specialized school bus in the country, in which it participated.
In 2009, the creation of a high-quality “yes” electro-smoking standard ended the history of non-electrified swimming standards in the bus industry, helping China’s passenger vehicles with internationally advanced coating techniques. In 2010, Yutong’s annual sales were the first to break out of 40,000 vehicles and remained the highest in-house sales for eight consecutive years. In 2012, the company was built.
In 2014, the company’s 60,000th passenger vehicle was offline, re-renewing its annual sales record in the world’s passenger-car industry. In 2015, the company’s daily capacity was over 340 and its new energy capacity was over 160. In 2017, the company selected China’s top 500 and wealth China’s top 500 leading companies. In 2021, the company won the Red Point Award.
In 2023, Woo-tung launched the first electronics specialized in the integration of hardware and hardware in the commercial car industry, a platform for smart control, into a new era of "hardware integration, online upgrading of software." The U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
In the area of new energy passenger vehicles, Woo-Tong has a full range of new energy passenger vehicles for manufacturing and applications; in the area of traditional fuel passenger vehicles, Woo-Tung's model, which covers large, medium, small and other dimensions of specifications, fully meets the range of long-distance passenger, inter-city bus, group, etc.
In the area of specialized passenger vehicles, Woo-tung has built dozens of distinctive models for special uses, such as airport ferrying, medical care and residential accommodation, with core process-based technology and professional processes ranging from design development to manufacturing, and is one of the few companies in the world that can provide full-scale, high-performance, customized passenger vehicle products and services.
As of 30 September 2024, the company’s first major shareholder was the Chuzhou Wootong Group Ltd., with a direct shareholding rate of 37.7 per cent and a centralized equity structure. The second and third major shares were Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. and the Lions and Lions Company Ltd.
As of 30 September 2024, the head of the board held an indirect share of 6.26%, tied to the firm’s profit depth, effectively safeguarding the company’s management effectiveness and corporate governance. Corporate revenue is growing and net profit is growing at a very high rate.
Net profits are on the rise. During the first three quarters of 2024, companies earned 24.7 billion yuan, compared to 27.0 per cent; net profit returns to mothers, 24.30 billion yuan, compared to 131.5 per cent. The boom in the domestic tourism market, with rising demand for tourist passenger transport, led to increased demand for passenger seats; The “old-for-new” policy of the new energy bus drove the recovery of domestic public transport demand: the demand for overseas buses was gradually released, and domestic demand for domestic buses was gradually released.
The competitiveness of national passenger-car products in overseas markets has been highlighted, the export volumes of the passenger-car industry have continued to rise, contributing to higher corporate revenue and net profits; research and development, manufacturing and marketing of products, mainly for the segmented markets of public transport, passenger transport, tourism, groups, school buses, and exclusive travel.
In 2024, corporate bus exports increased to 14,000, or 37.7 per cent, or 30 per cent of total sales. In Europe, North America, Latin America, and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), new sources of energy abroad increased profits at higher end, the Māori rate remained high, and the net interest rate increased markedly in 2022.
The company ' s Māori rate has thus remained at a high level of more than 20 per cent and has declined in the first three quarters of 2024, mainly as a result of the company ' s financial adjustment to account for the cost of Quality Insurance, which was formerly part of the cost of sales. The company ' s net interest rate has risen rapidly, reaching a high rate of 10.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024.
The value of new energy buses abroad is significantly higher than domestic, and profits are increasing in tandem with the rise in the share of new energy sources in exports, the optimal product structure, and profits. In Europe and America, Latin America, South-East Asia, etc.
The demand for new energy buses is expected to rise significantly, opportunities to travel to the sea are expected to continue, and corporate profitability is expected to continue. Figure 8: Corporate Maori ratio 2 Industry analysis: inward sales + export demand resonance, bus market entry zone
2.1 There has been an increase in the concentration of the bus industry between the tourist and bus markets. Since 2009, the bus industry has experienced multiple cycles. In China, the bus market benefited from economic development in 2009-2014.
(b) The overall downward trend in bus sales in the period from 2015 to 2022 in the face of the saturation of bus market demand, the downside of school bus and new energy bus policy subsidies, the epidemic and supply-chain pressure; and the sustained recovery of domestic tourism markets and new energy sources in the period from 2023 to 2024
Public transport has entered a replacement cycle, with an intensive introduction of old and new energy bus policies, and environmental policies abroad have become more intensive, with new energy passenger export opportunities, increased overall demand for passenger vehicles, and a re-entry of the market into the landscape.
According to the Chinese Air Association, in 2024, the bus industry in China sold 511,000 vehicles, an increase of 3.9% in the same year, and increased overall sales in the passenger vehicle industry. In 2023, as a result of the withdrawal of subsidies for the purchase of new energy vehicles, the market for large and medium passenger vehicles was relatively low and adjusted in 2023.
In 2024, the bus market was significantly weakened by the elimination of subsidies for the acquisition of new energy vehicles, which added to the boom in export markets, tourism, the warming of markets, and the use of public transport for old and new policies, and demand in the bus industry grew rapidly. In 2024, China sold 116,000 buses, an increase of 30.4 per cent compared to the previous year, with 64,000 buses sold, an increase of 23.9 per cent compared to the same year.
The distribution of 51,000 vehicles rose by 39.7 per cent in the same year. Competition patterns in the large and medium passenger vehicle market rose to a higher level.
High levels and rising trends, with cr3 remaining above 45%, rising from 46.9% in 2017 to 51.7% in 2024; Increased concentration of the industry as the domestic bus price accelerated the clearing of the bus market. In 2016-2022, the domestic bus market faced the replacement of passenger-car market demand, saturation of the new energy bus market, school bus and new energy customers.
The fall in vehicle policy subsidies, the impact of the epidemic on the demand for seats and the pressure on the supply chain, the contraction of overall demand, increased competition in the industry, and price wars in the bus market. After a sharp contraction in domestic bus market demand, the expected rehabilitation began in the second half of 2022, the domestic tourism market opened up prospects for recovery, new energy buses went out to sea, and competition pressures on bus companies.
With all due respect, the Woo-tung bus took the lead in ending the long-term price battle through price hikes. During the industry’s price war, the head bus industry gained a greater share of the market by virtue of its size effects, customer resources, etc., SMEs were forced out, the bus market was cleared, the industry was “exceededed” and the head business had multiple advantages.
In 2024, 33.4 per cent of companies in Suzhou, such as the Golden Dragon Hagrid, the Chinese passenger bus, the Golden Brigade, the Golden Dragonbus, the Fukuda O-fui and others, each had a separate market advantage and accounted for a more stable market share of 9.3 per cent, 9.1 per cent, 9.0, 7.5 per cent and 5.1 per cent respectively in 2024.
Customer base, marketing, supply chain synergies, scale effects, etc., and increasingly by virtue of their own advantages, the U.Y.T.E.V. K.H.T. K.H.T. K.T.T.  Fukuda O-Fui T.T.V. B.A.A.E. G. G.R.E.E.
Bus-based enterprises are at the heart of the industrial chain, with the demand for downstream public transport, long-distance passenger transport, and tourist passenger transport. The upper edge of the chain is mainly for raw materials and engines such as steel, non-ferrous metals, rubber, plastics, speed changers, clutches, driving systems such as the quality, performance and price of the three-power system for new energy passenger vehicles and the quality of their manufacture.
In recent years, the new energy bus has gradually entered a replacement cycle, compounding the state subsidy policy, stimulating the demand for the bus market; the domestic tourism market is strong.
The price of raw materials for upstream batteries has fallen, and the cost of new energy buses has been optimized. Battery accounts for a higher share of the cost of new energy buses, and, given the low volume and safety requirements of new energy buses, Chinese bus manufacturers have chosen to apply them.
Lithium phosphate batteries with low energy density and high safety. The price of lithium carbonate raw materials continues to fall as lithium mines are developed and the corresponding technology is improved. The price of lithium phosphate dropped significantly, with the average price of lithium phosphate being 38.9 million yuan per tonne in 2024, a decrease of 75.0% compared to the same period. The price of lithium phosphate batteries provides favourable conditions for the development of a new energy bus market, and bus businesses are formed.
According to data from the China Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, the volume of power cell loads in 2024 reached 548.4gwh, an increase of 41.5% in the same year, and the rate of power cell loads was only 52% in the first eight months of 2024. The excess capacity problems facing the power cell industry have contributed to the decline in battery prices.
New-energy bus manufacturers have worked with the Ningde era, where the price of new-energy passenger cars has fallen. According to the wire transfer statistics, in January-September 2024, domestic bus companies declared 255 pure electric motor vehicles. In terms of battery packages, new-energy passenger-car manufacturers have worked with the Ningde era, which is the Woo-dong era, the Fortune era.
In early 2024, China launched the "Affordable Battery" strategy, stating that it would launch a 0.3-dollar/wh battery. Given the maturity of technology, the outlook for the market, and the reduced cost, the Ninder era was prepared to use large quantities of materials.
The reduction of battery costs is expected to lead to a reduction in the cost of new energy buses. 2.3 Policies to support industry development, with the introduction of more intensive new energy transport and passenger vehicles, with the introduction of more intensive policies for old and new energy transport.
Regulations for the implementation of subsidies for the renewal of new energy urban buses and power cells, measures to increase support for large-scale equipment upgrades and eliminations in order to replace old ones, policy circular on large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods in order to replace old ones in 2025, promotion of large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods in order to replace old ones, etc.
Bus development, offering to increase the standard of subsidies for the renewal of new energy buses and power cells, promoting the replacement of electricity in urban buses, supporting the upgrading of new energy buses and power cells, and upgrading and subsidizing new energy buses and power cells eight years old and older. The sale of new energy buses is expected to increase steadily in the future, supported by policies such as carbon neutrality.
Table 2: New energy buses and passenger cars in support of industrial development with old-change policies 2.4 New energy + exports are significant increases, and demand for bus and seat buses recovers 2.4.1 Increased penetration of new energy buses
In 2023, the volume and penetration of new energy vehicles in the country declined. In 2024, the country’s new energy purchases were accompanied by the withdrawal of subsidies for the purchase of new energy sources.
In 2024, the new energy penetration rate for buses and buses was low and the development space was wide. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the rate of electro-motor penetration was 3 per cent throughout 2023, at a lower level, and there was wide scope for the development of new energy buses around the world.
The global market for electric buses, which in 2023 was 246,000, is expected to grow from 279,000 in 2024 to 1.64 million in 2032, with a combined annual growth rate of 18.2 per cent over the projected period.
2.4.2 Strong growth in the export of buses and buses and a strong increase in the export volume of buses and buses. In 2024, China exported 125,000 buses, an increase of 16.0 per cent compared to the previous year; our exports of buses and buses reached 47,000, an increase of 45.3 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for the market for buses and buses.
The 40.3 per cent share of the field, an increase of 4.1 percentage points over the same year, contributed to the revival of the market for large and medium passenger vehicles in 2024.
As China’s passenger-car companies accelerate their deployment abroad, localize their production and marketing, China’s passenger vehicles gain a good reputation and brand image is gradually being established, and international visibility and influence is increasing.
The export market was highly concentrated. The export market share of the exports was 69.2 per cent in 2024, and the export sales of passenger vehicles in 2024 amounted to 23.6 per cent, 12.1 per cent, 24.5 per cent, and 63.5 per cent, respectively.
Of these, the Woo-tung passenger vehicles account for 22.2 per cent of the market share, while the Xiamen Golden Brigade, Xiamen Kinglong, Suzhou Golden Dragon and the Chinese passenger bus market share is 13.9 per cent, 12.0 per cent, 10.6 per cent, 10.1 per cent, respectively, in Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and the CIS region, which is the main export point for our passenger-car enterprise.
In 2024, the top five regions were Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, Africa, the Commonwealth of Independent States; in 2024, the top five regions were Europe, Asia, the Middle East, CIS, and Latin America.
More, but may be affected by geopolitical and other uncertainties. The CIS countries: exports are dominated by traditional buses, with Russia being affected by the Russian-Turkish conflict and Western sanctions.
Latin America: Brazil and Mexico account for the main share of sales, with a large Brazilian bus market, but with high tariffs, greater trade protection, a major Brazilian domestic bus body manufacturer, Marco Polo, and a difficult Chinese brand entry; countries such as Mexico and Chile are experiencing faster demand for buses.
Europe region: The overall emphasis on branding and high-end, with traditional local brands such as Daimler taking a larger share of the European market, and China’s brands such as the Woo-tungbus and the China-Trailer have broken through high-quality products and services in recent years. New energy buses are exported to Europe at a higher average price.
The price is higher than the price of fuel cars, with the highest average price for new energy buses exported to the European market, exceeding $2 million in 2024, and lower prices for new energy buses exported to the Asian market. Our bus companies have entered the market for new energy buses at the upper, middle and lower ends overseas, as well as the market for medium and low end fuel buses overseas.
There is a strong focus in each of the bus exporting areas, and the leading firms have achieved a breakthrough in Europe’s mid-to-high-end markets. The country’s main passenger-car business exports, which reached 14,000 buses in 2024, are the main markets for CIS, Latin America, and Latin America.
A total of 6534 vehicles are exported annually, the main markets being the Middle East, Asia, Latin America; gold passenger vehicles and Golden Dragonbus exports amount to 8584 and 7432 respectively, with more passenger vehicles exported to Asian countries.
In mainland countries, goods from the Chinese passenger cars are sold to European countries such as Denmark, Portugal, Germany, in Suzhou gold dragon products to Belgium, Italy, and to countries such as Finland, the Netherlands and France.
According to the General Customs Department, in 2024, the export sales of pure electric buses and hybrid buses were higher than 11169/571, or +15.4 per cent/+51.1 per cent, respectively, compared to 95.1 per cent in 2024 and 4.9 per cent respectively.
Demand for new energy passenger vehicles is expected to continue to grow. In 2025, in the context of the global carbon reduction effort, countries have increasingly focused on environmental protection and sustainable development, energy-saving mitigation policies and green fund schemes have continued, and markets such as Europe, Latin America, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Central Asia are accelerating the process of electricization, and passenger vehicle demand is shifting to new energy sources.
The country’s new energy buses are constantly rising in terms of appearance, quality, intelligent network configuration, core technology, quality of products, operational experience, etc. are among the world’s top-notch, the market for overseas customers is well-functioning, and Chinese buses will certainly be an important option. The demand for exports of our large and medium-sized new energy buses is expected to continue to grow.
The demand for new energy buses in North America, Europe, Latin America, and Asia is greater. The process of electricization of buses in Europe has accelerated, with a relatively rapid increase in the penetration of new energy buses in North, Western and Southern Europe, mainly influenced by policy incentives; the overall low penetration of new energy buses in Latin America; the acceleration of the process of electricization of passenger vehicles; and the faster commercialization of new energy buses in Asia, with a higher overall price.
Europe, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East are the main positions for Chinese manufacturers. From the export opportunities of our passenger-car companies, the demand for new energy buses in the North American market is largely met by local brands, and Chinese passenger-car companies are more difficult to export to North America.
The regions of Europe, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East are the main export positions for Chinese manufacturers. In 2024, the top four regions were Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East: Europe, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East in 2024.
European markets: the whole is more open, requiring higher quality and performance of products. According to the EU emission reduction schedule, fuel trucks were banned in 2035, 90% were cut by 2040, bulk passenger cars were to be phased out at an accelerated pace, and demand for new energy buses in Europe rose rapidly. From 2019, Nordic countries began new energy demand driven by policies, with Germany, the United Kingdom and France actively promoting new ones.
The growth of energy buses has been faster, the growth of new energy buses in Southern European markets has been slower, and in 2024 demand for new energy buses in southern European countries, including Greece, began to grow rapidly, and Chinese manufacturers are expected to gain more opportunities. Asian markets: more marketized, and more expensive for vehicles.
In Latin America, the introduction of new energy bus-related policies began in 2021, the market for new energy buses grew relatively slowly, penetration rates remain low, and growth is expected to continue in the future. In Latin America, the market for new energy buses in Brazil is more demanding.
Large, but affected by tariffs, Chinese cars are more difficult to access; countries such as Mexico, Chile and Colombia have a significant need for new energy buses, which are widely used in their public transport systems, and countries such as Ecuador, Uruguay and others.
China’s new energy bus is gradually gaining recognition in the Middle East market, increasing exports. But, owing to geopolitical factors, demand in the Middle East market in 2025 is likely to be ahead of sales in Biadi’s new energy bus exports, with a significant increase in sales of new energy exports.
By volume, Bialdi's new energy passenger vehicle exports were ahead of sales, reaching 35,82 in 2024, an increase of 13.8 per cent in the same year; Wootong bus sales increased significantly, with 2,700 new energy passenger vehicles exported in 2024, an increase of 84.6 per cent in the same year; Suzhou gold dragons, gold passenger cars, gold dragon buses, medium passenger cars exported 1897, 1394, 1051 in 2024,
The share of new energy passenger vehicles exported by major medium-sized bus manufacturers in total exports is close to 20 per cent, and the share of gold dragons in Suzhou is close to 30 per cent: the share of medium-sized passenger vehicles is lower, it is below 10 per cent, it has accelerated the opening of overseas markets in 2025, and the share of new energy passenger vehicles in exports is expected to accelerate.
2.4.4 Bus for old and new sales growth, new energy buses entering replacement cycles, our bus holdings have remained stable and the penetration rate of new energy buses has continued to increase. Our bus holdings have remained stable in recent years. With increased environmental awareness, the demand for new energy public transport markets has increased, with an upward trend in penetration, 2023.
During the year, the new energy bus penetration rate reached 81.2 per cent and, as policies continued to support the development of the new energy bus, the new energy bus technology progressed, the capacity to renew, the efficiency and cost of charging was gradually decreasing, competitiveness continued to increase, and the new energy bus penetration was expected to continue into the replacement cycle, driving the demand for replacement with old policies.
On average, between 8 and 10 years, our new energy bus holdings have increased significantly since 2016, with a replacement cycle of 2016-2019, and since 2024, the country has been intensively introducing new and new policies for the replacement of public transport vehicles, raising the standards for the replacement of new energy buses and power cell upgrades, promoting the replacement of electricity in urban buses, supporting the replacement of new energy buses and power cell replacements,
Renovating and subsidizing new energy buses and power cells eight years and older, with new energy bus demand expected in the coming years, increased demand in overseas public transport markets and a significant increase in public bus exports. As global public transport passenger traffic recovers, public transport market demand increases, and many countries and regions are actively promoting the use of new energy buses, with Chinese buses in command.
In 2024, the number of buses exported was 22840, with 22.0 per cent, 20.2 per cent and 418.1 per cent in the same year, and the number of buses exported in the same year was 22,0 per cent, 20.2 per cent and 418.1 per cent.
Growth of 38.9 per cent in the same year, market share of 26.9 per cent, ranked first in the country ' s public bus export industry with an absolute advantage; Biadi bus, Suzhou gold dragon, Xiamen gold brigade, middle passenger bus, export sales equal to the same ratio +7.5 per cent, +32.2 per cent, 24.6 per cent, +53.2 per cent, domestic tourism market recovery led to demand for seat buses, and sales of seat buses increased.
Since 2023, the tourism market has recovered strongly, with prospects for a renewed recovery in 2025, and a growing number of domestic tourists. As the country’s ageing population grows, older people travel, travel, and demand increases, and the silver economy boosts demand for seating buses.
Tour agencies have returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and the tourist-backed and group-backed passenger car market has developed. Tourist organizations have organized a peak of 2024q2 in 2019 and expect a strong increase in passenger-seat exports in 2025. According to China ' s passenger-car statistics information network, our passenger-sit traffic accumulated in 2024.
Thirty-five thousand vehicles, an increase of 43.3% over the same period, are mainly the result of increased mobility worldwide, and the revival of markets such as tourism, passenger transport, etc. The bulk of large passenger passenger vehicles is sold, with 15 thousand in 2024, an increase of 37.3% over the same period, and the highest increase in the export of medium passenger passenger vehicles, with 0.7 million in 2024, with a slight increase of 112.5%.
In the export market, the market share of the bus was 22.2 per cent, the market share of the bus was 22.2 per cent, the market share of the car was 22.2 per cent, the market share of the car was 22.2 per cent, the market share of the car was 18.1 per cent, the market share of the car was 17.9 per cent, the market share of the car was 11.4 per cent, and the market share of the market was 11.2 per cent.
2.5.1 Domestic market: release of public transport, passenger seat demand The main increase in the domestic public transport market is the replacement of the new energy bus with the old one. 2024 domestic bus sales are estimated at 30,000, at 10,000. The stabilization period is expected to be reached after 2-3 years, assuming 50,000 domestic bus requirements in 2027 and 2025-2027.
The main increase in the domestic seating bus market has been the increase in the demand for buses. There are about 38,000 seats in 2024. The number of tourists in 2024 has reached a high level in 2019, the travel agency and the viewing area are relatively advanced, the domestic tourism market is expected to continue to prosper, and the demand for seats in the country is expected to increase at a rate of 2025-2027.
2.5.2 Export markets: Asian regions outside mainland China, Europe and Latin America are the main export markets for our new energy passenger vehicles. According to the General Customs Administration, in 2024 there were 5.1, 2.8 and 1.5 thousand new energy passenger vehicles exported to Asia, Europe and Latin America, respectively.
The commercialization of new energy buses in Asia is faster and more market-based, and given the quality and value of our exported buses, the volume of new energy buses ordered for export to other parts of Asia is expected to increase by 25 per cent, 20 per cent and 12 per cent in 2025-2027, respectively; Europe is affected by policy incentives, the process of electricization of buses is accelerating, and the demand for new energy buses is expected to continue.
Rapid growth, with a high level of electricization of our new energy passenger vehicles, and continued recognition of products by more European countries, is expected to increase by 50 per cent, 30 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, in the volume of new energy passenger vehicle orders exported to Europe from 2025 to 2027: the Latin American region has a low penetration rate of the new energy passenger vehicle market as a whole, the need for passenger vehicles has shifted to new sources of energy, and our passenger vehicle manufacturers have a client base in the Latin American region.
Better, the volume of new energy bus orders exported to the Latin American region is expected to increase by 18 per cent, 15 per cent and 12 per cent in 2025-2027; the demand for new energy buses in the Middle East, CIS and Africa is relatively small and low in base, and as the process of electricization in the regions progresses, it is expected that our new energy bus exports will receive more orders and are expected to export to the Middle East in 2025-2027.
New energy passenger vehicle orders for export to CIS countries grew by 5%, 5%, 5%, and 20%, respectively, and new energy passenger vehicle orders for export to Africa by 45%, 35%, and 35%, respectively. Asia outside China, Latin America, and the Middle East are our main export markets for fuel buses.
Tourism development has contributed to the growth of passenger-car demand, requiring the importation of passenger vehicles, for example, because of the limited local supply chain and passenger-car manufacturing capacity. China’s passenger-car enterprises have accelerated their deployment abroad, localized production and marketing, gained good slogans, branding has gradually been built, international visibility and influence have increased, and export sales are expected to continue to grow.
The rapid growth of public transport and tourism in Asia has contributed to the growth in the demand for fuel buses, which are expected to grow by 25 per cent, 15 per cent and 10 per cent respectively in 2025-2027; the development of transport in Latin America, with an overall increase in the demand for passenger vehicles, and the acceleration of the deployment of our bus manufacturers in the Latin American region, which is expected to increase in 2025-2027.
20 per cent, 18 per cent, 15 per cent, respectively, of fuel bus orders to the Latin American region: higher demand for fuel buses in the Middle East due to the development of the hajj transport industry and the need for infrastructure development, taking into account the geopolitical implications, the volume of fuel bus orders exported by the country to the Middle East is expected to increase by 10 per cent, 7 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, in 2025-2027; and the economic development of the CIS countries has brought fuel fuel.
The demand for passenger vehicles, of which Russia is affected by the Russian-Turkish conflict and Western sanctions, has increased its imports of passenger vehicles, with an increase of 10 per cent, 8 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, in our orders for fuel buses exported to CIS countries in 2025-2027; the demand for fuel buses in African markets is driven by the demand for economic development and infrastructure development and is expected to be exported to African countries in 2025-2027
Regional fuel bus orders grew by 20 per cent, 18 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively; EU countries were affected by energy-saving reduction targets, fuel buses were less in demand overall, there was still some demand for fuel trucks in European countries outside the EU, our bus manufacturers were growing rapidly in some Eastern European countries, and fuel bus orders were expected to be exported to Europe in 2025-2027, respectively.
20 per cent, 12 per cent, 8 per cent. 3 Company analysis: Continuing innovation in forward-looking layouts, enhanced competition for quality product services, 3.1 managing industry development opportunities
The company, based on its pre-judgment of market development, undertook ahead of schedule research and development of new energy buses, school buses, forward-looking overseas markets, and fast-growing aid companies took the lead. The development of new energy buses began in 1997 and the forward-looking layout took the lead.
Markets have yet to grow into new energy buses, one of the country’s earlier passenger-car companies involved in this area. With environmental awareness, new domestic energy buses are increasingly being used in urban public transport and passenger transport, electricity is accelerating overseas, bus demand is shifting to new energy sources, and Utsong is ahead of intense competition in markets based on early accumulation of technology and product advantages.
In 2002, the first passenger vehicle exports were made, with an early accumulation of experience in overseas sales and operations. In 2002, the first passenger bus exports were made, mainly to countries such as Cuba.
The positive performance of the first export helped companies to gain greater influence and reputation abroad. Early exports provided an effective business experience for the follow-up Utsong to expand markets in Latin America and beyond.
In 2005, school bus development began, and in 2012 the bus industry became the "King of the school bus." In 2005, the bus started research and development of the school bus products. In 2007, the first concept of school bus, Sunba, was presented at the Shanghai bus exhibition. In 2008, Woo-tung developed the first specialized school bus in the country, zk 6100da.
Since 2006, the company has been involved in the development of national standards for school buses, such as the Technical Conditions for the Safety of Specialized School Vehicles and the Technical Conditions for the Safety of School Vehicles.
The Woo-toon bus has upgraded the layout of new energy products, smart network products, and high-end products. In upgrading new energy products, a series of 10-18 metres of pure electricity bus products and 12 metres of new energy road products have been placed on the market, and 6 metres of completely new microcycle pure electricity bus products have been launched, distributed and distributed to overseas markets for a full series of 8.9 metres, 10.5 metres, 12 metres,
In the case of smart network products, robo-bus shows a demonstration operation in Chengzhou, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Changsha, etc., covering urban public transport, traffic in landscape parks, airport ferry, etc. In the case of high-end products, t7 completes quality upgrading and functionality optimization, and introduces sea-based modifications;
External high-end public transport completes the planned layout of the u series of products. 3.2 The core technology industry is leading, with high-end product development. Wittwright has a strong R & D team and a well-developed R & D system, continues to invest in R & D and maintains technology leadership.
The share of R & D personnel has remained higher than 20% in recent years, with more than 5% of operating income invested in 2019-2023. R & D, with 7 national innovation platforms and 14 industry and provincial R & D platforms, has been involved in the development of a number of national and industry standards, with numerous patents and intellectual property rights.
Increased exchange and cooperation between high-level universities and scientific institutions in the country, such as the University of Transport and the University of Zhengzhou, to promote the rapid transformation of key technology and scientific research results, and to accelerate technological breakthroughs while constantly leading industrial upgrading. Companies are in the forefront of the industry in the fields of electricization, smart network connectivity, and high-end modernization.
Life expectancy, continuity, heat management capabilities; smart network connectivity; high-end focus on new products The company launched a new generation of new energy commercial vehicle technology platform, the "Wise e Platform" and the "Wise e" platform set up by the mobile bus, which became a core technology such as a high-security super-power battery, a multi-carbon silicon domain controller, which enhanced the performance and efficiency of the new energy bus
Reliability. Wisdom-e platforms help vehicles leapfrog across the board in terms of energy consumption, renewal, and refilling. They help vehicles operate efficiently, leading by more than 10 per cent and reducing operating costs by 20 per cent; and operate in a stable, safe and reliable manner, with a high attendance rate of up to 1.5 million kilometres.
Three power core technologies were developed in partnership with the Ningde era to break through the power cell critical long-lived technology. Power cells were high, long-lived. The Uttarbus and Ningde era renewed their ten-year strategic cooperation agreement in 2022. The two sides worked together on a three-point technology front, jointly to develop long-lived batteries, three guns 900a flash-up technology, with a one-minute charge of 10 degrees, notably.
Based on advanced three-power core technology and collaboration with the Ninder era, the Uttarbus performed excellently on key technical indicators such as the energy density of the battery system, the energy consumption of the unit load mass, and the start-up temperature of the fuel cell. Its battery energy density was raised from 85wh/kg to 175wh/kg, with the mileage of the next voyage rising from an initial 100 km to 500 km.
The company has developed and promoted a new BC5-high power cell system around high power and long life trends, increasing energy density by 6 per cent and volume density by 25 per cent compared to the previous generation of products, supporting a reduction in the volume of the whole vehicle; and breaking through key life-critical technologies such as low lithium consumption, slow-down cores, full life-cycle smart management of batteries.
In June 2024, industry pioneered the promotion of a 10-year 1 million-km long-lived battery system, which supports the technological preponderance of the company’s power cell system. With the development of a 15-year-old battery system, three electric power capabilities are expected to continue to grow.
An intelligent management system that provides real-time vehicle monitoring and early warning, trouble remote diagnosis and maintenance, intelligent driving aids, fleet management and movement control, passenger services and interaction, and enhances vehicle safety, operational efficiency and user experience.
Research and development of safety and energy-saving technologies, and a safer and less energy-efficient vehicle as a whole. A series of new technologies have been developed in security technologies, back-to-back with visual aids, automatic emergency brakes, etc., improving the safety of the whole vehicle. Meanwhile, energy-saving technologies such as light quantification, heat management, etc., have reduced the fuel consumption of the whole vehicle.
The high-end process has accelerated, with a steady rise in bicycle revenue. Companies' income and net profits are at the forefront of the industry and are on the upward trend. In the first three quarters of 2019-2024, the company ' s income from bicycles rose from $519,000 to $769,000, net profits from bicycles, high-end layout of products, and high-end products for domestic and external development.
The company has launched high-end buses on the international market, particularly in developed regions such as Europe, where high-end passenger buses have been developed, with a focus on the comfort and luxury of vehicles, and offers customized solutions for tourist buses through cooperation with local tourism companies.
Woo-tung's high-end, pure electric passenger vehicles have gained wide recognition and brand image in the European market. The high-end products of Woo-tung passenger vehicles have gained wide recognition in the European market, especially in the new energy sector, where typists operate in a number of European countries, creating a good brand image and entering the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Finland, Greece, Spain.
Several European markets, such as tooth, figure 48: net profits on bicycles 3.3 National market brands, multi-channel integration + innovative marketing
The company's deep-farmed bus market has won many important national and international prizes, and has a high reputation for its brand. With its outstanding market performance, it continues to be ranked as “China's brand 500” and “Fortune 500” magazine. In addition, it has been awarded the World BusWorld Awards series, the World Busworld Tour Series and the China Industrial Award.
The company's brand as a domestic bus leader, the industry's strong leader, and as of 2024, the company's large and medium passenger cars have been the country's top sales for 22 consecutive years. The company has a strong industrial influence.
During the 2016-2022 price wars in the domestic bus industry, the demand for buses contracted, the domestic passenger car market was expected to be repaired in the second half of 2022, competitive pressure on bus companies was reduced, Woo-tung buses were first to raise prices, and other bus manufacturers were gradually following, and the price wars in the industry ended.
High-quality products are delivered in the country. The bus provides high-quality products to domestic clients, adapted to local environmental and operational needs. The bus is provided to the north-east and the north-west, with a large number of buses, including c11e, c8e and luminous e8max, adapted to high cold conditions. The bus is provided to the south-west, with fire protection, Woo Wei and other high-temperature humid environments.
High-lying areas provide high-security, reliability, durability, and powered passenger vehicles, such as skyscrapers, leading the industry in terms of single-car revenue, with higher gross profits. Utopia products are highly efficient and high, and single-car revenues in the domestic market are higher than the industry average. In 2023, Utility buses averaged $518.7 million in single-car prices in the domestic market, which is high.
The company’s domestic bicycle revenues have remained above $500,000 in recent years, compared to the number of channels, which combine direct distribution and distribution to achieve effective coverage of all municipalities and counties in the country. The company’s domestic sales channels are combined by direct sales and distribution, supported by direct sales and distribution.
Marketing models are innovative, moving to light assets. Companies continue to innovate in marketing models, integrating online and offline marketing channels in depth, the number of offline channels has been declining in recent years, and online developments have created online shopping malls, live broadcasts, and small ones.
The overall financial solution helps clients ease short-term financial pressures, and the phased service continues to contribute to the company’s sales.
Buyer credit and finance leasing methods help clients ease short-term financial pressures, diversify access to finance, and provide multiple financing opportunities to enable more customers with a need for vehicles to own them in advance.
3.4 Export products are highly competitive, overseas channels are fully configured, export "manufacturing service plus solution" transformations are excellent in quality and export averages lead the country. Companies are excellent in quality, in three power technologies and smart networks.
In 2023, the Uttar Pradesh used to export bicycles to earn $102.37 million, higher than their counterparts, such as Chinese passenger cars and Golden Dragons. High-end product development, and rising revenue from exports, benefited from high-end product development and from higher unit prices for new energy users.
The “one-size-fits-all” model enhances the competitiveness of overseas markets. Using the “one-size-fits-all” model for individualized passenger vehicles in different countries and regions, the “one-size-fits-all” model develops customized passenger-car products.
African markets: The bus provides tailored bus products, depending on the road conditions, climate, and cultural differences in African countries. For example, in Angola, Woo-dong customizes buses with higher ground space and greater passivity, and expands proximity and exit angles to ensure that vehicles are well-passed in poor road conditions.
CIS market: Woo-tung, in cooperation with the CIS countries, set up a training centre for technical and engineering personnel to upgrade local skills. In Kazakhstan, Woo-tung established a kd plant to produce locally and to stimulate local economic development.
Cold weather features, for example, provide different solutions for different countries. In Denmark, it is important to solve the problem of vehicle durability, resistance to corrosion, and reliability; in Iceland, because of the need for public hand-over, the word-in-hand uses a set of cryogenic solutions to ensure super-high continuity; and in countries of the Arctic, such as Finland, Norway, where vehicles are to operate in high-temperature, high-humid conditions, the vehicle will be waterproof.
In the United Kingdom, Woo-tung custom-made pre-sales, post-sale channels with double-charged power points, based on the local customer ' s station layout. The company ' s overseas distribution and service network has achieved the global target market layout.
In the six regions of Africa, Asia and the Pacific, America, Europe, products are sold out to countries and regions of major global buses such as Chile, Mexico, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland.
There is a growing trend in the number of overseas channels of companies, which have grown significantly since 2023, and as of June 2024, the number of companies abroad is growing.
The market has more than 330 authorized service stations or service companies, and more than 410 authorized service networks, with an average of 150 km of service radius, covering all target markets overseas. Since 2017, the number of corporate overseas customer managers has continued to grow. As of June 2024, more than 370 corporate overseas customer managers, supported by local service stations, have conducted customer needs identification, technical training, and vehicles.
Overseas market expansion companies have continued to increase their sales of passenger vehicles. Since 2020, the volume of corporate export sales has continued to grow, with more than 14,000 vehicles exported in 2024, an increase of 37.7% compared to the previous year; the share of export sales has continued to rise, with exports accounting for the total sales in 2024.
With regard to the model of "manufacturing + marketing" to "manufacturing service + solutions" , China created a "word-to-word model" for exports, moving from product exports to technology exports. Using the advantages of technology and industrial chains, companies have worked locally in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, and Malaysia, to assemble in kd.
In comparison with the cost pressures of direct overseas construction, Woo-tung provides technical support to facilitate the development of the local auto industry. Woo-tung has also developed a series of control processes in the areas of product quality management and quality assessment for the "China Technology" and "China Marker" to take root and bloom abroad, moving from "output" to "technology export and brand authorization"
In France, the United Arab Emirates, Panama, Chile, and Russia, Qatar, and Mexico, companies have established regional hubs of spare parts.
Colombia, Kazakhstan, Tanzania, and South Africa have set up national accessories centres, have a global monopoly on 13 offshore accessories centres, and have authorized over 100 distributors of spare parts to provide fast and efficient supplies to end-users.
In the area of passenger vehicle spare parts security, the company works with world-renowned car parts suppliers such as Cummins (Conmins), zf (Ceef), Allison (Erison) to provide priority order joint service guarantees for customers and to provide comprehensive and high-quality service and spare parts security for overseas customers.
4.1 Profitability is steadily improving, with net interest rates at the top of industry The company’s combined Māori rates and net interest rates continue to lead the industry. The company’s Māori rates and net interest rates continued to lead the industry in the first three quarters of 2024.
Since 2022, the company’s Māori rate has risen to more than 21%, after 2020, net corporate interest rates have climbed year after year, and the value of new energy buses abroad is significantly higher than the domestic value, with companies exporting new energy sources.
In the future, Europe and America, Latin America, and South-East Asia are expected to see a significant increase in the demand for new energy buses, driven by, among other things, tighter environmental policies, sustained opportunities to travel to the sea, and increased corporate profitability. Cost-control capabilities have improved.
Companies perform well in terms of management efficiency and cost control. Management costs control is good. q1-q3 R & D cost 4.63% in 2024. Although R & D rates have been decreasing over the past three years, they are still significantly above industry averages.
q1-q3 sales cost 3.71% in 2024, a decline in the same year. Overall, the continued optimization of the Woo-tong bus in cost control provides a solid basis for its ability to increase profitability.
In 2023, the productivity of the passenger-car market picked up its excellent performance and further consolidated its leadership within the industry. This achievement reflects the combined advantages of companies in terms of cost control, profitability, and asset allocation, as well as a solid foundation for their future sustainable development.
4.2 The solvency rate is excellent, and the liquidity ratio is prominent. Companies perform excellent and robust short- and long-term solvency. Corporate asset and liability rates continue to remain low in the industry, reaching 1.43, and companies perform prominently in financial risk management and liquidity management.
Future business expansion and strategic implementation provide solid financial support. Corporate total asset turnover is at the upstream level of the industry compared to companies. However, inventory turnover is relatively low and downstream.
Corporate money reserves are adequate, operating cash flows are excellent, and the financial position is sound. As of the third quarter of 2024, corporate currency funds stood at $4,905 million, operating cash flows at $4,535 million, with both indicators in the forefront of the industry.
Since 2018, corporate operating cash flows have been positive, leading to good profitability and cash flow creation. Adequate monetary capital and stable cash flows not only provide firm guarantees for the company’s day-to-day operations, but also provide a solid basis for future technology research and development, market expansion, and strategic investment, further consolidating its competitive advantage in the industry.
Figure 79: Net operating cash flows of companies and comparable companies (millions of yuan) Scenario 1: company exports are mainly for the sale of large and medium-sized bus products abroad, the demand for passenger vehicles abroad has continued to grow in recent years, the global focus on environmental protection and sustainable development has increased, and markets such as Europe, Latin America, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Central Asia have increased
It is accelerating the process of electricizing passenger vehicles. The bus is at the top of the world in terms of appearance, quality, and smart network configuration, and is expected to continue to grow in the volume of export orders. The company’s export orders for new energy buses abroad are expected to grow at the same speed as in 2024-2026, with a rising share of new energy exports, and an optimal industrial structure of the company’s export business, with exports projected for 2024-2026.
Assumption 2: Internal sales are mainly domestic sales of large and medium-sized passenger buses and buses. In recent years, a strong recovery in the domestic tourism market has led to a demand for seat cars, and new energy buses have entered a replacement cycle to stimulate the new energy public transport market with old and new policies. Companies have led the brand for large and medium-sized domestic buses, and sales have been at the top of the industry for many years, and domestic orders are expected to be fast.
The company is a leading company in the bus industry, which is expected to be valued at the same level as the average of comparable companies. The bus industry continues to recover, domestic and export demand is growing rapidly, companies are leading the bus industry, and the competitive edge of the company in the context of new energy is highlighted, and performance is expected to increase.
Domestic bus demand is not as high as expected, tourism markets are not as good as expected, new energy buses are not being upgraded as expected, overseas bus demand is not as high as expected, overseas environmental policy changes, and the price of raw materials such as batteries are rising. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.