In the middle of the line, overseas development can take place. China's hand-in-hand - the year 2022.
The company is China's leading transport infrastructure enterprise, organized around “big traffic”, “big cities”, and its core business areas are capital construction, capital design and dredging, respectively.
The perimeter consists mainly of domestic and global ports, shipping lanes, blow-filling, watersheds, roads and bridges, railways, urban rail transport, municipal infrastructure, construction and environmental protection.
In the first half of 2023, the company increased its operating income at a rate lower than that of 2023 for investment, design, construction, operation and management. The full-year growth target of the initial plan was mainly due to the company’s increased focus on the quality of operating income, thereby safeguarding it.
In the first half of the year, the amount of cash/business income received by companies for the supply of services from the sale of goods decreased by 0.19 percentage points. In terms of sub-operations: quality of capital construction, dredging operations, design operations and other future operating income, and improvement of asset quality.
Stock asset inventory and disposal improves asset quality. In 2022, the company successfully released highways.
Receivables, leased assets, partnership shares, infrastructure assets, commercial real estate and the ppp project are securitized to optimize assets.
In the first half of 2023, corporate capital construction was one of the leading companies in 139 countries and territories.
Under the guidance of a prioritized overseas strategy, corporate overseas business development offers an opportunity period. Taking into account that corporate stock-taking and inefficient asset disposal will optimize asset quality, overseas development benefits’ “one-way-the-way” policy will open the opportunity period to maintain a firm’s “highly recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's hand-in-hand (601,800): assets are in the process of being optimized and overseas development can take place over time.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Consistency (601,800): assets are being optimized, overseas development can take place.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China is making a deal (601,800): assets are in the process of being optimized and overseas development is possible without any guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points of view and conclusions are in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.