The net profit growth, the demand for a “one-way” China 60180.sh
Higher net profit deductions and higher volume of new contracts for offshore works. The company ' s business income of 2023h1 amounted to $365,788 million, an increase of 0.51 per cent, a decrease of 20.61 per cent and a new contract for road and bridge construction of $205,866 million.
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a significant increase in the Māori rate of base-building. 2023h1 m1 rise by 3.92 pct, mainly due to the restructuring of the design plate operations.
Main sector: Māori rate for capital construction at 10.00 per cent, higher by 0.39 pt, mainly due to proper internal project cost controls and structural adjustments; Māori rate for dredging at 9.94 per cent, higher by 0.31 pt, higher by comparison
As a result of the decline in low-morigin projects, the “one-way” demand was released, and the split was approved by the Hong Kong Federation. 2023h1, the value of new contracts outside the company was $141.175 billion (approximately equivalent).
New contracts in countries along the “one-way” route amount to $10,152 million, and companies have accumulated $10,397.2 million in new contracts in countries along the “one-way” line since the launch of the “one-way” initiative. Companies are based on a global perspective.
Taking advantage of the dominant industry, actively cooperating with and servicing the national strategy, preparing for the deployment of a “one-way” initiative, making every effort to promote transport infrastructure connectivity and human well-being, and offering to contribute to China's intellectual and Chinese programmes.
As an opportunity, the “One way” summit forum took advantage of the big cities, the big traffic, the river and lake areas, focusing on the “one way” focus of the national city, strengthening forward-to-back communication, and actively advancing the priority projects.
On that day, Hong Kong has approved the removal of the company’s design assets from the market. This listing will enable China to complement its local strengths and promote long-term cooperation between China’s Construction Materials Group and China’s Central Group in a wider range of areas.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration is exceeded.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.