China
MacVisit: Luzhou Laojiao
EQUITIES
Invest in the future, learn from the past
000568 SZ
Not rated
Stock price as of 16/11/2018 Rmb
Key points
GICS sector
Consumer Staples
Premium liquor National Cellar 1573 is making a comeback, boosting sales
Market cap
59,015
Rmb m
and gross profit margin, according to management.
Avg Value Traded (3m)
Rmb m
The company is investing heavily in marketing expenses, while controlling
12m high/low
Rmb
75.26/35.05
channel inventory to be less than 2 months.
Capacity expansion ongoing; high dividend payout ratio.
Historical financials
Outlook
We visited Luzhou Laojiao and talked with management. As one of China's
oldest liquor manufacturers, its premium product National Cellar 1573 is sold
at a retail price of Rmb1,099/bottle on par with Wuliangye Yibin's (A-Share)
(000858 CH, Rmb50.69, Neutral, TP: Rmb52.30) Puwu.
As pledged at its annual general meeting in June 2018, the company aims to
regain its top 3 spot in the Baiju industry in 2020 and lift its revenue to
Rmb30bn in 2020E (Rmb10.4bn in 2017). National Cellar 1573, mid-range
products, and health and other innovative liquors are each expected to make a
one-third contribution to revenue.
Key findings
National Cellar 1573 comes back, boosting sales and gross profit margin.
Amid the recovery of the baijiu industry and consumption upgrade trend, the
sales percentage of its high-end products leapfrogged to 52% in 1H18 from
22% in 2015. According to industry experts, 1573 won back its historical
market share in 2017 and gained more in 2018. As a result, GPM rose to
was lifted twice in 2017, by 6% and 9% in March and July, respectively. The
company plans to become more prudent on price hikes and to conduct a
pricing strategy following Wuliangye.
Invest in the future, while learning from the past. To expand in the high-
Share Price Driver
end market, the company continues to invest in marketing. As a result, its A&P
expenses ratio continued to increase 2.4ppt YoY to 22.5% in 9M18, higher
than 5.4% of Moutai and 10.5% of Wuliangye. However, gross margin
expansion driven by product mix upgrade more than offset the increase in
SG&A, and operating margin improved 3.2ppt YoY to 40.7%. Moreover, post
the hiccup in the baijiu industry and ineffectual pricing strategy, Laojiao rebuilt
its sales team in 2014 by product in lieu of regions. The company learned
lessons and is managing channel inventory under 2 months currently.
Capacity expansion ongoing; high dividend payout ratio. In September
2017, it raised Rmb3bn through non-public share offerings to expand 35k tons
of basic liquor capacity and 100k tons of storage capacity by the end of 2020.
Stripping out this Rmb3bn from cash and equivalents, its net gearing ratio
would be 36% in FY17. The company also paid out 71.6% of net profit last
year, up 2.8ppt from 68.8% in FY16. This is higher than the 51.0% and 52.2%
payout ratios of Moutai and Wuliangye in FY17, respectively.
Analysts
Macquarie Capital Limited
Financials, valuations, and risks
9M18 revenue of Rmb9,263m, up 27% YoY, with net profit up 38% YoY to
Rmb2,743m. 3Q18 sales grew 31% and net profit rose 45%. The stock is
trading at a 14x FY19E PER, compared with domestic peers' 15x FY19E, both
based on Bloomberg consensus estimates.
Macquarie Research
MacVisit: Luzhou Laojiao
Ownership (As of September 30th, 2018)
History and corporate governance
Luzhou Laojiao Group (SOE), 26.02%
1915 Luzhou Laojiao Tegu won the Panama International Fair
gold medal.
Luzhou Xinlu Investment company(SOE), 24.99%
• 1994 Luzhou Laojiao Co., LTD was established and listed on
China Securities Finance Corporate, 2.31%
the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Co. Ltd., 2.02%
2009 the controlling shareholder was changed to Luzhou
E-fund Securities Investment Fund., 1.69%
Laojiao Group, and the actual controller remained as Luzhou
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Balance sheet data and refinancing (As of September 30th,
Management and Directors background
2018)
Cash and bank balance of Rmb8,384m
Mr. Liu Miao, aged 49, was appointed Chairman in June 2015.
He previously served as General Manager Assistant, Deputy
Fixed asset and construction in process of Rmb2,979m
General Manager, and General Manager of sales subsidiary at
No short-term and long-term debt
the company.
Mr. Lin Feng, aged 45, was appointed General Manager in
Net cash/equity ratio at 51.7%
June 2015. He was in charge of sales subsidiary, the marketing
department and the HR department consecutively.
Mr. Wang Hongbo, aged 54, serves as Deputy General
Manager and Broad Secretary. Prior to joining Luzhou Laojiao,
he was Director of the Bureau of Commerce of Luzhou.
Latest results highlights (3Q18)
Latest results highlights (FY17)
Revenue grew by 31% to Rmb2,843m in 3Q18.
Revenue grew by 20.5% to Rmb10.4bn in FY17.
Gross margin expanded by 22bps to 81.5% in 3Q18.
Gross margin expanded by 950bps to 71.9% from 62.4% in
FY16.
EBIT margin increased by 111bps to 35.5%.
EBIT margin was trimmed by 207bps to 32% from 29.9%.
Net profit increased by 45% to Rmb772m.
Net profit increased by 30.7% to Rmb2558m.
Revenue breakdown by product (Rmb m)
Fig 2 Gross margin by product
Macquarie Research
Macquarie Research
MacVisit: Luzhou Laojiao
Net profit margin trend (%)
All figures in CNY unless noted.
MacVisit: Luzhou Laojiao
Macquarie Research
Important disclosures:
Recommendation definitions
Volatility index definition*
Financial definitions
Macquarie - Australia/New Zealand
This is calculated from the volatility of historical
All "Adjusted" data items have had the following
Outperform – return >3% in excess of benchmark return
price movements.
adjustments made:
Neutral – return within 3% of benchmark return
Added back: goodwill amortisation, provision for
Underperform – return >3% below benchmark return
Very high-highest risk - Stock should be
catastrophe reserves, IFRS derivatives & hedging,
expected to move up or down 60-100% in a year
IFRS impairments & IFRS interest expense
Benchmark return is determined by long term nominal
investors should be aware this stock is highly
Excluded: nonrecurring items, asset revals, property
GDP growth plus 12 month forward market dividend
revals, appraisal value uplift, preference dividends &
speculative.
yield, which is currently around 9%.
minority interests
High – stock should be expected to move up or
Macquarie – Asia/Europe
down at least 40-60% in a year - investors should
EPS = adjusted net profit / efpowa*
Outperform – expected return >+10%
be aware this stock could be speculative.
ROA = adjusted ebit / average total assets
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
ROA Banks/Insurance = adjusted net profit /average
Underperform – expected return <-10%
Medium – stock should be expected to move up
total assets
Mazi Macquarie – South Africa
or down at least 30-40% in a year.
ROE = adjusted net profit / average shareholders'
Outperform - expected return >+10%
funds
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
Low-medium – stock should be expected to
Gross cashflow = adjusted net profit + depreciation
Underperform – expected return <-10%
move up or down at least 25-30% in a year.
number of shares
Macquarie - Canada
Low – stock should be expected to move up or
Outperform – return >5% in excess of benchmark return
down at least 15-25% in a year.
All Reported numbers for Australian/NZ listed stocks
Neutral – return within 5% of benchmark return
are modelled under IFRS (International Financial
Underperform – return >5% below benchmark return
Reporting Standards).
only
Macquarie - USA
Recommendations – 12 months
Outperform (Buy) - return >5% in excess of Russell
Note: Quant recommendations may differ from
3000 index return
Fundamental Analyst recommendations
Neutral (Hold) - return within 5% of Russell 3000 index
return
index return
(for global coverage by Macquarie, 3.70% of stocks followed are investment banking clients)
(for global coverage by Macquarie, 2.04% of stocks followed are investment banking clients)
(for global coverage by Macquarie, 0.47% of stocks followed are investment banking clients)
000858 CH vs CSI 300, & rec history
(all figures in CNY currency unless noted)
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
12-month target price methodology
000858 CH: Rmb52.30 based on a PER methodology
Company-specific disclosures:
Target price risk disclosures:
000858 CH: Any inability to compete successfully in their markets may harm the business. This could be a result of many factors which may include
geographic mix and introduction of improved products or service offerings by competitors. The results of operations may be materially affected by global
economic conditions generally, including conditions in financial markets. The company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates and input prices. From time to time, the company will enter into transactions, including transactions in derivative instruments, to
manage certain of these exposures.
Analyst certification:
We hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or
their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report. The Analysts responsible for preparing this report receive compensation from Macquarie that is based upon various factors
including Macquarie Group Ltd total revenues, a portion of which are generated by Macquarie Group's Investment Banking activities.
General disclaimers:
Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd; Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets North America
Ltd; Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc; Macquarie Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch; Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Macquarie
Securities (NZ) Ltd; Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn
Bhd; Macquarie Securities Korea Limited and Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the
008 583 542 (MBL) or MGL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of any of the above mentioned
entities. MGL provides a guarantee to the Monetary Authority of Singapore in respect of the obligations and liabilities of Macquarie Capital Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd for up to SGD 35 million. This research has been prepared for the general use of the wholesale clients of the Macquarie Group and
must not be copied, either in whole or in part, or distributed to any other person. If you are not the intended recipient you must not use or disclose the
information in this research in any way. If you received it in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. We do not
guarantee the integrity of any e-mails or attached files and are not responsible for any changes made to them by any other person. MGL has
Macquarie Research
MacVisit: Luzhou Laojiao
established and implemented a conflicts policy at group level (which may be revised and updated from time to time) (the "Conflicts Policy") pursuant to
regulatory requirements (including the FCA Rules) which sets out how we must seek to identify and manage all material conflicts of interest. Nothing in
this research shall be construed as a solicitation to buy or sell any security or product, or to engage in or refrain from engaging in any transaction. In
preparing this research, we did not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Macquarie salespeople, traders
and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions which are contrary to the
opinions expressed in this research. Macquarie Research produces a variety of research products including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis,
macro-economic analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of research product may differ from
recommendations contained in other types of research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise. Before making an
investment decision on the basis of this research, you need to consider, with or without the assistance of an adviser, whether the advice is appropriate
in light of your particular investment needs, objectives and financial circumstances. There are risks involved in securities trading. The price of securities
can and does fluctuate, and an individual security may even become valueless. International investors are reminded of the additional risks inherent in
international investments, such as currency fluctuations and international stock market or economic conditions, which may adversely affect the value of
the investment. This research is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable but we do not make any representation or warranty
that it is accurate, complete or up to date. We accept no obligation to correct or update the information or opinions in it. Opinions expressed are subject
to change without notice. No member of the Macquarie Group accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential or other loss arising
from any use of this research and/or further communication in relation to this research. Clients should contact analysts at, and execute transactions
through, a Macquarie Group entity in their home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. The date and timestamp for above share price and
market cap is the closed price of the price date. #CLOSE is the final price at which the security is traded in the relevant exchange on the date indicated.
Members of the Macro Strategy team are Sales & Trading personnel who provide desk commentary that is not a product of the Macquarie Research
department or subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or any other regulation regarding independence in the provision of equity research.
Country-specific disclaimers:
Australia: In Australia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd (AFSL No. 238947), a participating organization of the
Australian Securities Exchange. Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited staff involved with the preparation of research have regular interaction with
companies they cover. Additionally, Macquarie Group Limited does and seeks to do business with companies covered by Macquarie Research. There
are robust information barriers in place to protect the independence of Macquarie Research's product. However, recipients of Macquarie Research
should be aware of this potential conflict of interest. New Zealand: In New Zealand, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (NZ) Ltd,
a NZX Firm. Canada: In Canada, research is prepared, approved and distributed by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd., a (i) member of the
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund, and (ii) participating organization of the Toronto
Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange & Montréal Exchange. This research is distributed in the United States, as third party research by Macquarie
Capital Markets North America Ltd., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation. Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. accepts responsibility for the contents of reports issued by Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. in the United States and sent to US persons. Any US person wishing to effect transactions in the securities described in
the reports issued by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. should do so with Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. This research is
intended for distribution in the United States only to major Institutional Investors (as such term is defined in SEC 15a-6 and Section 15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and is not intended for the use of any person or entity that is not a major institutional investor. Research analysts
of Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. The Research Distribution Policy of Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. is to allow all clients that are entitled to have equal access to our research. United Kingdom: In the United Kingdom,
research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Germany: In Germany, this research is issued and/or distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, which is
authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (No. 193905), and in Germany by BaFin. France: In France, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Hong Kong & Mainland China: In Hong Kong, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Limited, which is licensed and
regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission. In Mainland China, Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited Shanghai Representative Office only
engages in non-business operational activities excluding issuing and distributing research. Only non-A share research is distributed into Mainland China
by Macquarie Capital Limited. Japan: In Japan, research is Issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Japan) Limited, a member of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and Osaka Exchange, Inc. (Financial Instruments Firm, Kanto Financial Bureau (kin-sho) No. 231, a member of Japan
Securities Dealers Association). India: In India, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. (CIN:
U65920MH1995PTC090696), 92, Level 9, 2 North Avenue, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051, India, which is a
SEBI registered Research Analyst having registration no. INH000000545. Malaysia: In Malaysia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Company registration number: 463469-W) which is a Participating Organisation of Bursa Malaysia Berhad and
a holder of Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission. Taiwan: In Taiwan, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch, which is licensed and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission. No portion of the report may be
reproduced or quoted by the press or any other person without authorisation from Macquarie. Nothing in this research shall be construed as a
solicitation to buy or sell any security or product. The recipient of this report shall not engage in any activities which may give rise to potential conflicts of
interest to the report. Research Associate(s) in this report who are registered as Clerks only assist in the preparation of research and are not engaged in
writing the research. Macquarie may be in past one year or now being an Issuer of Structured Warrants on securities mentioned in this report. Thailand:
In Thailand, research is produced, issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. is a licensed
securities company that is authorized by the Ministry of Finance, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand and is an exchange
member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The Thai Institute of Directors Association has disclosed the Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed
Companies made pursuant to the policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd does not endorse
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4. South Korea: In South Korea, unless otherwise stated, research is prepared, issued and distributed by Macquarie
Securities Korea Limited, which is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services, Information on analysts in MSKL is disclosed at
001000, South Africa: In South Africa, research is issued and distributed by Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Ptv) Ltd, a member of the JSE Limited.
Singapore: In Singapore, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Company Registration Number:
198702912C), a Capital Markets Services license holder under the Securities and Futures Act to deal in securities and provide custodial services in
Singapore. Pursuant to the Financial Advisers (Amendment) Regulations 2005, Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd is exempt from
complying with sections 25, 27 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Act. All Singapore-based recipients of research produced by Macquarie Capital
(Europe) Limited, Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd, Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. represent and
warrant that they are institutional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act. United States: In the United States, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., accepts
responsibility for the content of each research report prepared by one of its non-US affiliates when the research report is distributed in the United States
by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.'s affiliate's analysts are not registered as research analysts with FINRA, may not be
associated persons of Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., and therefore may not be subject to FINRA rule restrictions on communications with a subject
company, public appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account. Information regarding futures is provided for reference
purposes only and is not a solicitation for purchases or sales of futures. Any persons receiving this report directly from Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and
wishing to effect a transaction in any security described herein should do so with Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Important disclosure information
representative at 1-888-MAC-STOCK, or write to the Supervisory Analysts, Research Department, Macquarie Securities, 125 W.55th Street, New York,
NY 10019.
© Macquarie Group
Equities
Asia Research
Head of Equity Research
Emerging Leaders
Technology
Automobiles, Auto Parts
Infrastructure, Industrials, Transportation
Banks and Financials
Telecoms
Internet, Media and Software
Utilities, Renewables
Basic Materials, Commodities
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals
Strategy, Country
Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
Conglomerates
Consumer, Gaming
Find our research at
Property, REIT
Macquarie:
Thomson:
Reuters:
Bloomberg:
MAC GO
Factset:
CapitallQ
Asia Sales
Regional Heads of Sales
Regional Heads of Sales cont'd
Sales Trading cont'd
Sales Trading