On March 11, 2021, China United issued its annual report for 2020.
China ' s United Network Communications Collection (USCN) considers that the company ' s current 5g and innovative operations are well developed and are currently undervalued, with a lifting of arpu and an increase in income from mobile operations as a result of the transformation of the quality: 2020, the company ' s mobile master camp
The market value of a share in circulation (millions of yuan) is 9.7gb, which shows that companies focus on high-quality user strategies and are doing well.
Physicalized, multi-dimensional landscape precision marketing increased the penetration rate of high-value clients of 5g. By the end of 2020, 70.83 million users of the company ' s 5g package had achieved a 22% market share, and costs were further regulated and corporate profitability increased.
6.55%, an increase of 0.55 pct over the same year, shows further improvements in corporate cost control. De-networking and the purchase of new 5g base stations, which are less energy-intensive, have also allowed companies to contain the increase in electricity costs to some extent.
_aaa_China Connect (600050) _Aaaaa_China Connect (600050)
The cost of R & D has increased significantly, and the profitability of innovation has continued to rise. The company ' s R & D cost in 2020 was 2,964 million yuan, an increase of 73.4 per cent over the same period, and the increase in R & D has also led to a high rate of growth in the corporate innovation sector, with revenues from the company ' s Internet industry increasing by 30.0 per cent over the same period in 2020.
_aaa_China Connect (600050) reports a quarterly evaluation of 42.7 billion yuan, up to 15.5% of total service income.
One billion yuan and 1.7 billion yuan, an increase of 39.0 per cent and 39.8 per cent, respectively, are driven by the good growth of innovative and fixed-net broadband operations, with China ' s connected fixed-net services revenue reaching 11,6 billion yuan, an increase of 10.6 per cent, representing an important opportunity for the expansion of innovative businesses to transform operators from corridor suppliers into service providers. The company has pursued 5g development window opportunities, focusing on intelligent regions, intelligent cities, transportation, and teaching.
At the same time, the integration benefits of change are being deepened, technological innovation is being promoted, and collaboration with strategic investors continues to accelerate the development of innovation. Equity buybacks highlight corporate confidence.
The Department intends to repurchase the company ' s shares with its own funds of not less than RMB 1.250 billion, not more than RMB 2.5 billion, at a price not exceeding RMB 6.5/equity. Repurchase is not to exceed 12 months from the date the company ' s board considers the adoption of this repurchase programme.
It is recommended that attention continue to be paid to the valuation of the operator block. We believe that the current valuation of the three major operators is in a lower range than their performance, and that there is still a larger range of valuation restorations.
From the past, the quest for “mass” to “mass”, with the gradual increase in penetration of 5g at the end of c, the arpu value of the three major operators has recovered steadily, and the income from mobile operations is expected to grow steadily. And, in the 5g’s, the 2b business of the operators will be fully flowered, and the three operators will be able to open new profit-making space growth points with deep layouts in the fields of cloud computing, industrial Internet, exclusive Internet, and so forth.
So, we continue to focus attention on the valuation of the three major operators in a share and h. Risk factors: the 5g penetration rate is not as fast as expected, innovation is not expanding as expected, and trade friction between China and the United States is increasing, and the risk of further acceleration costs is increasing.