Recovering the recovery is on the increase, and the buyback is a sign of great resolve. China Connect (600050.sh) Investment rating: increase (maintain)
The annual report reported a higher rate of growth than the industry average, with the effect of a digital transition showing that the annual performance of the company in 2020 was maintained. The company announced an annual performance of $30.38 billion (yoy+4.6 per cent) in 2020, which was higher than the industry average of 3.6 per cent, and income from mobile main business reached $156.7 billion, with a negative turnaround of the same value; and mobile use was achieved.
Household arpu reached $42.1 dollars, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same period; income from mobile main business and user arpu increased by three consecutive quarters of a double ring ratio; net profit from the parent was $552 million (youy+10.8 per cent), profitability was steadily rising, and efficiency gains were significant. Companies, faced with the challenges of saturation of markets and intense competition, stepped up their push.
Initiatives such as digital transformation, innovative communications, etc., are showing results. At the same time, companies announce that they are going to build 5g base stations for shared telecommunications in China, moving forward with mixed ownership reforms. Performance is expected to be higher than expected.
The company has fully implemented the 5g network, which has been built and shared, with annual capital spending of RMB 67.6 billion and investment at a pace of effective control and further cost-effectiveness, while promoting 5g applications. The 5g package has 70.83 million households and the 5g package has a penetration rate of 23 per cent, which is higher than the industry average of 20 per cent.
The company built a 5g Pan-intelligent Terminal Ecology integrated with the "end + content + application" and actively prepared 5g messages for commercial trials and light-weighted portals; successfully built several 5g lighthouse projects in areas such as industrial Internet, smart cities, health care; commercialized 5g2b; released three 5g specialties in 2020
Corporate Information Update Report - O3 Performances: Two Web Products, Building Intensive 5g Network/Mec Self-Services Platform, 5g Innovations Application to New Steps. Digits Increase, 5g N Sub-Cultural Linking Futures -
As companies continue to pursue incentives reforms, deepen their overall focus on innovative cooperation strategies, and further the mix of systemic reforms, the company ' s performance can continue to grow at a high rate.
• Catalysts: 5g+ application to achieve development results; digital transformation effects demonstrated. Good development, profitability dynamism demonstrated - Corporate First Cover Report - 5g Reshaping Industry Prices
Value distribution, Utsung Waguin Change, China - 2020.5.4