By 2020, corporate performance continued to grow at a rapid rate, continuing to lead the industry. Profitability rose steadily, reaching a total profit of 16 billion yuan.
Net profits belonging to the parent company amounted to 5.5 billion yuan, an increase of 10.8 per cent for the same year. Capital spending amounted to 93.9 billion yuan for the year.
Revenue amounted to $156.7 million, a negative change from year to year: mobile users arpu amounted to $42.1 and about 9.7gb. Marketing costs fell further, and profitability continued to improve.
The year 2020 is the 5g year of large-scale development, using big data for user slicing, precision and policy-making, to achieve close-to-line integration, multi-dimensional scenery and precision marketing of 5g. Deeply promoting industrial collaboration, building a 5g pan-intellectual terminal ecology integrated with "end + content + application" to enable consumption.
The Internet. Focusing on industrial Internet, smart cities, health care, etc., successfully built more than 5g lighthouse projects, with over 250 high-quality lighthouse clients, commercialized 5g2b, income structure (2020y)
The 5g package has reached 70.83 million households, and the 5g package has a 23% penetration rate, which is higher than the benefit of 5g network sharing, which has increased the speed of network construction and operating costs, and the development of the world's first 5g shared network with China Telecom, which is the 5g base station.
In the last six months, equities have accumulated 380,000 in size compared to the depth of 300, corresponding to China’s mobile construction. Shared construction saves network construction costs and network operating costs, and shortens network-building cycles.
The company is actively promoting fibre-optic cables, co-construction, co-chip-sharing, and cloud infrastructure sharing, and the efficiency of the use of network resources has increased significantly. Networks have been built, and the company’s performance has continued to grow steadily and rapidly, and we have given it the first time.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.