In recent days, we have conducted field visits to companies, interacted with company leaders, and shared information on the company's latest production and operations.
Upstream production is gradually recovering, and the increase in depreciation affects profits \triangleright's production of 111.93 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in a quarter, a 2.4 per cent decline in the same year, with crude oil production falling in the same year.
9.2 per cent, natural gas production increased by 12.8 per cent compared to April, and the company's crude oil production began to increase gradually, but, given the company's higher crude oil extraction costs (about $60 per barrel in the country and $40 per barrel abroad), there is still a loss under oil prices. At the same time, higher depreciation costs due to the closure of low-yielding wells affect the company's profits.
High level of Māori innovation for the upgrading of the quality of finished oils \triangleright refinery operations benefit from price increases resulting from existing pricing mechanisms for finished oils, value added of inventories and upgrading of the quality of finished oils
The company reached 16.9 billion yuan in the first quarter, up from 13.5 billion in the same period when the floor price was supported. We expect that international oil prices, driven by a cutback agreement, are on the rise and that the refining industry will continue to maintain a high profile.
About 230 million tons of crude oil are processed annually, and the plate is the main vehicle contributing to the profits. Polyolefins are in high demand and chemical panels continue to be \triangleright
The company produces more than 11 million tons of ethylene per year and more than 15 million tons of synthetic resin, the largest production base for ethylene and resin in the country. In one quarter, with the price of polyvinyl hydrocarbons continuing to be high, the company ' s chemical block earned $8.509 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 87.0 per cent.
As June moves into traditional marketing, polyolefin prices are expected to rise again. With policies such as environmental tightening and supply-side reforms, new ethylene production has been reduced in the last two years, and the high profile of chemical panels will continue.
The sales bill passed, and China's petrochemical companies are expected to increase their value significantly. \triangleright, China's petrochemical sales company, Ltd., signed an agreement with 25 investors, both inside and outside China, on 12 September 2014.
The Replenishment Agreement of the State Petrochemical Marketing Company Ltd., which was approved on 31 March 2015 by the Beijing Municipal Administration of Business and Industry, marked the completion of the reorganization of the sales plate. Following the reorganization, China ' s PIC Holdings Ltd., 70.42% of the shares remained in absolute control.
The bill on listing outside PICS has accelerated the recommendation for listing of China’s petrochemical sales plates. Listing outside China’s petrochemical sales plates has not only helped to stimulate the viability of enterprises, enhance market competitiveness, boost the development potential of new and emerging businesses (non-oil products), but also significantly enhance the overall value of China’s petrochemical enterprises.
1. China ' s petrochemical (600028) Quarterly Review: Four big plates with a net profit growth of 168.7 per cent per quarter.
International oil prices have fallen sharply; polyolefin prices have fallen; and reforms in the oil and gas sector have fallen short of expectations.
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.