Yunnan White: Four big business plates, strategic layout innovation, Chinese and nuclear drugs, four big businesses, and the Department of Emerging Industries are making an incremental contribution. Yunnan White is based on drugs, health products, Chinese medicine resources and four major industries of Yunnan Pharmaceuticals.
The production and operation of a core base, along with the rapid promotion of pharmaceutical industries such as the Ministry of Medical Devices and the Ministry of Health Care and Remedial Care, is expected to continue with steady growth in priority areas such as academic clinical, marketing, distribution and production efficiency.
Health clusters: through optimized R & D management, channel management, production management, supply management processes, from suppliers to markets, from enterprise management to user services, from product development to end-to-end communication, oral and head-care products will continue to grow.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry: the company has a clear stock/flow (million shares) around growing, growing, processing, marketing, branding, etc. Targeting and fine-tuning measures to accelerate the high-quality development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, which is expected to lead to high-quality growth in Yunnan Province
:: Linkage development of the pharmaceutical industry. Provincial pharmaceutical companies: further realization of service capacity and coverage through more than hundreds of projects, such as multi-storage operations, co-construction of goods sources, coordinated operations of parent subsidiaries, quality-sharing platforms, etc.
<--2025-01-06 > > >- 2025-01-06 > Towards a clear development strategy that promotes the development of innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs. ]
The company continues to build innovative R & D systems and operational R & D management capabilities appropriate to the development phase of the drug strategy, insisting on a combination of "medium" and "innovation" cards.
The project is currently under development, covering 11 large Chinese pharmaceutical varieties and 25 projects for secondary development, while the medium-term research and development project: the company is fully engaged in the development of innovative Chinese medicine and is continuing to build the Yunnan Phenomenon Leather Agent Star product, with four currently developing varieties and cumulatively patented four.
Long-term research and development projects: the company ' s innovation medicine project focuses on social needs and technological empowerment, focusing on the development of nuclear drugs, setting up several innovative drug pipelines and increasing the momentum for sustained development.
Yunnan White: Four major business plates are well developed, strategic layout is innovative Chinese and nuclear, and we've chosen the Chinese pharmaceutical industry as a comparable company, with four comparable companies with an expected average market gain of 2025.
25.2 times, Yunnan City has a relatively low rate of surplus, and the company's valuation is expected to continue to repair, covering for the first time, Yunnan White: four business plates are well developed, strategic layout is innovative Chinese drugs and nuclear drugs Yunnan White is: four business plates are robustly developed, strategic layout is innovative Chinese drugs and nuclear drugs are innovative.
Yunnan White: Four major business plates are well developed, strategic layout innovations in Chinese and nuclear drugs, long-term robust growth in performance, high scores highlight shareholder returns, Chinese brand names are of high value. Yunnan White was created in 1902 to promote the integration of traditional Chinese medicine into modern life.
Continuing to tap into the built-in potential of traditional medicine products to respond to modern life needs with product innovation is the most creative and innovative representative of the well-established Chinese brand name. In 2024, the Yunnan White Drug Influence International Brandfinance, ranked 25th in the list of the world's most valuable and powerful branded medicines, medical devices, and medical services, published by Brandfinance, the world's leading brand values;
Once again ranked fifth in China's Pharmaceutical Industry Series, and 33rd in America's Pharmaceutical Manager's magazine, Global Pharmaceutical Enterprise 50, with four major groups ranked first in their respective areas of breakdown. The company's four major industries are around drugs, Chinese medicine resources, health, and the flow of medicines.
In order to continue to deepen farming and develop innovations, business layouts have been established in a number of areas, including natural medicines, Chinese medicine tablets, specialty medicines, medical devices, health products and health-care foods. There are currently 40 types of products, 416 of which are sold in single products, and 16 of which are Yunnan white aerosols, Yunnan white potion stickers, Yunnan white drugs (distribute plus capsules), Yunnan white teeth.
In 2019, companies implemented a mixed ownership reform to achieve a deep integration of state-owned and private capital through an innovative "reverse-sortting and whole-marketing" path, while continuously optimizing governance structures and incentives.
Focus on strategic corporate direction, laying the foundation for a firm ' s long-term sound development. According to the financial report for 2024, the company ' s first shareholder, Yun Yun, owned 467 million shares, or 26.18 per cent of the company ' s total equity, in South Province State Holdings Limited. (i) Performance grew robustly, with revenues exceeding $40 billion.
Performance has grown steadily over the long term. Yunnan has been on the market since then, and operating income has continued to increase continuously, from RMB 58 million in 1993 to RMB 10,841 million in the first quarter of 2025, representing an increase of 0.62 per cent in the first quarter of the year; a net return of RMB 1,935 million, representing an increase of 13.67 per cent in the same year; and a deduction of the non-return of RMB 1,887 million, representing an increase of 11.65 per cent in the same year.
For 33 years, the company's share of the stockholders has been outstanding. Yunnan has generated a good value return for long-term value investors since it was marketed, and the company's share has been more than 90% for three years. The company's average net profit for the last three years has been 3,948 million yuan and accumulated cash for the last three years.
The company operates as a core production base in four clusters of pharmaceutical products, health products, Chinese medicine resources and medical companies in Yunnan Province, while fast-tracking new business developments such as the Ministry of Medical Equipment and the Ministry of Health Care.
1) The pharmaceutical industry is dominated by a series of Yunnan Pharmacy products focused on blood pain control and bruising, including Yunnan Phenomenal aerosols, Yunnan Phenomenal Band-Aids, Yunnan dissipants and Yunnan Pharmacy capsules, as well as natural brands of medicine covering the fields of gas supplementation, flu, cerebral blood control, gynaecology and children, and the creation of thirty-seven plant supplemental products.
The pharmaceutical industry is strategically guided by “Managing first brands of pain in the whole area of injury” and digs deep into the drug effectiveness mechanisms of the core product of white medicine in the area of pain in injury, building and upgrading the visibility and leading advantage of the core product of white medicine in bone injury, pain management, and creating a large product ecosystem through the ongoing development of the related product of white medicine + pain + pain in academic and clinical terms.
Further optimization of the Quality Medium Medicine operating platform, with a deep focus on high-potential races such as cardiovascular, respiratory, and paediatrics, continued enrichment of product pipelines, the creation of a large ecology in the pharmaceutical industry, and the promotion of long-term steady growth of the pharmaceutical industry.
2. The health complex focuses on Yunnan Pharmacy Toothpaste, based on brand-based enabling marketing, user-centred exploration of new consumer scenes, ongoing oral care, and physiotherapism. The health complex aims to “be the hallmark of a new idea of a healthy life in the middle” and to create a healthy ecology centred on the quality of life.
On the one hand, the oral business continues to be used as a base plate and sticker, maintaining and expanding the industry’s leading edge, while consolidating the existing business, setting up the professional line market, opening up the hotel business, developing oral non-toothpaste products, upgrading the research and development of new products, and euphemism. On the other hand, continuing the rapid scaling up of the cleaning business, steadily developing the field of top-skin ecology, expanding the area of skin management in an orderly manner, and upgrading the organization.
Management effectiveness, improvement of efficiency and development of performance. (3) The Chinese pharmaceutical resource industry is centred around the unique medicinal plant resources of Yunnan Province, with a view to ensuring a high-quality, efficient and low-cost supply of pharmaceutical raw materials in the group, with a “one Chinese pharmaceutical product researching and marketing platform plus one new Chinese drug product local specialization market plus a multiplicity of synergies”.
The “1+1+n” model provides for the digital management of medicinal materials and the operation of a whole-of-industry chain of ecological systems that “support China with good medicine from Yunnan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan,
• Supplying high-quality modern pharmaceutical supply chain service solutions for upstream and downstream clients. Yunnan White: four business blocks of sound development, strategic layout of innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs (i) pharmaceutical industry: core products drive robust growth
The company has 567 pharmaceutical approvals, 316 varieties, of which 222 are generic, including 43 exclusive. The company has developed a core product series of fumes, ointments, semens, and a core product of Yunnan drugs with a wide variety of product patterns, starting with a 100-year legacy of Yunnan dissipants.
Figure 5: The company’s branded drug matrix maintains market leadership in a number of areas. According to the 2024 Conc view system, the company’s core product, Yunnan Pharmacy aerosols, is used as an agent.
The market is ranked first in the retail market of 91.8 per cent of aerosols produced in the local use of muscle-skeletal system joints and muscle pains; Yunnan is ranked first in the retail market of 72.4 per cent of external blood control (drug-containing) Band-Aids; Yunnan is ranked first in the retail market of 14.9 per cent of all body medications used in the musculoskeletal system.
According to the company ' s 2024 annual report, the main business income of the pharmaceutical industry was $6,924 million, an increase of 11.8 per cent, with 10 single products sold. Of the core product series, Yunnan earned $2.1 billion, an increase of 26 per cent; Yunnan white cream, Yunnan white capsules, Yunnan white powders are available, Yunnan white drugs are available, and Yunnan white drugs (distribute) are available.
Other brands have seen significant growth in pharmaceutical products, with sales revenue of nearly 200 million yuan in parched blue anti-inflammation tablets, 22 per cent more than in the same year, and income from blood-stuffed capsules, baby porcelain granules, and spleen-spleen-spleen-skinned granular products, with plant supplemental products, gas and glycerine orals, and liquid sales revenue continuing to grow by about 14 per cent over the same period.
Yunnan White: The four major business blocks are well developed, and the strategic deployment of innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs multi-initiatives are driving the strategic growth of medicines. The drug community continues to advance its priorities in terms of academic clinical, marketing, division of channels, and production effectiveness.
On the academic clinical side, clinical research on Yunnan White (distribution), capsules in diabetic legs, bone pain, cysts in the treatment of abnormal uterus bleeding, reduction of vaginal bleeding after a drug miscarriage, and also on the improvement of ulcer and vascular health and the prevention and treatment of highland reactions have made steady progress and are expected to open up products.
In marketing, the development of self-movement ip “go and play” has been successful, promoting rejuvenation of brands and an increase in the penetration rate of singles; in gas-breeding packaging, a new upgrading of key marketing nodes to catch up with the rehydration of autumn winter, and a rapid increase in the sale of gas-breeding oral fluids.
In the area of production efficiency, the development of online business processes to facilitate precision marketing, eco-economy of channels, number of users, self-regulation, regulatory development, process science, a streamlined and efficient large back-office operating system, and efficiency gains are evident.
(ii) Health-care industries: the toothpaste market is the largest in terms of the growth of protection against displacing, and is transformed into a modern and healthy enterprise. In the area of health products, companies have combined traditional Yunnan white products with oral care products, successfully creating the Yunnan-based oral care product community, which is dominated by white toothpaste, and has become a cross-border innovation in Chinese pharmaceutical enterprises and a remodelling industry.
The classic case of fees: based on medicine technology, drawing on the essence of natural plants and successfully building a brand of head-skin health care brands and raising them. The company has now set up its operations in a variety of fields, such as natural medicine, Chinese medicine, specialty medicine, medical devices, health-care products, and health-care foods, from a traditional drug system.
Figure 6: The health-care community of companies, the health-care industry, has grown steadily. According to the company’s annual report of 2024, the health-care industry has generated $6,526 million in operating income.
In the area of oral care, according to Nielson retail research data, Yunnan toothpaste stabilized its share in the country's overall market in 2024. First, according to the commercial pointer data, Yunnan White Oral Health brands remained stable for many years during the periods of “618” and “two-one-one-one” full-net oral care.
With a combination of a special make-up certificate and a patent certificate from the prophylactic state, Yuan Xin has succeeded in creating a core brand of “oil-control control, youth-based” with a growing penetration rate and a higher level of growth than the trade in the anti-dryout type in a fierce competition in the market. Yunnan White: four business plates have grown steadily, and strategic layouts have been innovative in drugs and nuclear drugs.
In 2024, during the period of “618” and “Seven-O” data, the conglomerates were first in the brand of “Single-Smash-Small Water.” The health complex achieved end-to-end connectivity. By optimizing the process of health community R&D management, channel management, production management, supply management, delivery from supplier to market, from enterprise management to user services, from product research and development to user demand, and from end-to-end.
1) In terms of innovation in research and development, 22 patents were granted to the health complex in 2024, 6 applications were submitted and 2 papers of the international top sci journal were published. 2) In terms of content marketing, the core of the brand was captured, and Yunnan toothpaste revolved around the effectiveness of the "panel" and the cleaning was closely surrounded by "preventive."
The main points are focused on the promotion of the “Healthy Oral 123” public service on World Oral Health Day; the concept of “traditional Chinese medicine integrated into modern life”, based on high-quality cultural content, the upgrading of brands, the growth of branding, influence, and the empowerment of brands throughout the world; and the cross-border cross-border “China Text Museum” dating back to text lines, leading to the creation of brand culture.
The series of brand marketing events strengthened brand citizenship, professionalism, reaching the accurate population, with a total exposure of more than 6.43 billion people.
In 2024, the company achieved an external income of 1.751 billion yuan, an increase of about 3.13 per cent over the same period. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry continued to guarantee stability in the supply and price of the company's strategic varieties, and the increase in the price of the company's inputs was significantly lower than the average price increase in the industry's pharmaceutical supplies.
Focusing on the strategic advantage varieties of the Yunnan Road Pharmacies and Pharmacy, the revenue from the sales of the 37 extracts has increased significantly the same year, and continues to be a leader in the market. In natural plant development, sales in 2024 grew by 8.71% as compared to the previous year.
The Centre provides comprehensive, individualized and efficient pharmaceutical services to patients, and in 2024 it served more than 20 medical facilities, with more than 7 million bags of cooking medicine.
The company’s efforts to improve the quality of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry have been accelerated. Yunnan White: four business blocks have grown steadily, and the strategic layout has been innovative in Chinese medicine and nuclear medicine.
(1) In the field of culture, the Yunnan Province, the first company to specialize in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the Yunnan Pharmacy Corporation, was established to provide the industry with the control and resource support of its seed sources. (2) In the field of cultivation, 7 gap varieties were declared in 2024, corresponding to a base area of 4593 acres.
3) In terms of processing, the Ligang Wenshan Platform is open-ended, and preliminary construction is being carried out in Cebu Valley, Rutien, and the screenside primary processing platform, in which Mansan is single champion of manufacturing in Yunnan Province; the Ligang Platform, which promotes the use of Philithic medicine for fresh processing, increased production by 180 per cent in 2024, and food and health-care food production by 182 per cent, leading high-quality development while at the same time helping to supplement deep cultivation.
4. On the market side, Yunnan’s industrial Internet platform for medicinal products — the “Gizun Pharmacy” platform — is officially online and, in addition to its basic trading functions, it has more inspection, logistics, financial and other industry support services, which are fully open to pharmaceutical growers, processors, buyers, regulators, and in 2024 it was traded over $100 million, through the construction of three levels of “white drug preferences”, “white drug certification”, “white drug self-employment”
(c) The upgrading of traditional agricultural products to standardized “industrial products”. (Dardine pharmaceutical brands. 6) Standard-setting, participation in revision of Chinese Pharmacy Books, editions XXXVII and Achilles standard, 2025; taking the lead in the processing of variety standards.
18 studies, representing 90 per cent of the processed varieties in Yunnan Province; a breakthrough in the technological development of State-pattern formulations, which resulted in 158 varieties being registered; the provincial pharmaceutical companies have taken a number of steps to secure the basics. The provincial pharmaceutical companies achieved 24,607 million yuan in 2024, compared to the previous year.
At the product level, non-pharmaceutical operations, such as medical devices, cosmetics, special medical foods, have expanded considerably, with sales increasing by 14 per cent over the same period, and the model of pharmaceutical branding operations has been explored with an initial success of 37 per cent over the same period. At the channel level, primary health-care institutions have dug deep, and sales have increased by 12 per cent over the same period.
Pharmacists are moving fast, with sales increasing by 29 per cent on a year-to-year basis, and the provincial pharmaceutical companies have further expanded their service capacity and coverage through more than hundreds of items such as multi-basket operations, co-construction of goods, co-operation of parent subsidiaries, and the use of quality-sharing platforms.
1) Upstream, promote the interconnection of supply chain data with manufacturers, achieve seamless linkages between the two operations, facilitate the transformation of purchase orders to the full life cycle of digital management of orders; 2) at the hospital end, develop a medical community drug management platform to “Internet+” facilitate the transformation and innovation of medical community drug management;
(c) At the patient level, promote the project “Cloud for Medicines” 29, integrate retail shop resources and operate in an integrated and offline manner, providing patients with a more varied and accessible online drug-sourcing service.
Yunnan White: Four main lines of business: smooth development, strategic layout innovation, Chinese and nuclear (iv) Emerging industries: optimal layout and efficient development, sustained promotion of new and emerging industries. Companies are constantly promoting the optimal layout of new and emerging industries, through model innovation, product innovation, etc.
The Department of Medical Devices focuses on pain therapy, dressing, eye care, three main categories of products, which are partially inefficient, and achieved $425 million in 2024, an increase of 61 per cent compared to the previous year. Through the supply chain focus, the Department of Medical Devices has continued to optimize the production force and to improve efficiency and reduce procurement costs.
Figure 8: Three broad product lines of company pain therapy, laundry and eye care Yunnan white drugs: four business plates developed steadily, strategic layout innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs Replenishment of the Health Care Department continues to optimize branding, active push line-up off-line market openings and business income in 2024
9.97 million yuan, an increase of 101% over the same year. Three or seven whole series of products have grown rapidly, through measures such as the uniform upgrade of packaging, the up-to-the-line marketing of the whole area, the construction of a security system for former middle- and back-office organizations, and other products such as Chinese edible tablets and agricultural by-products, and healthy foods.
Yunnan White: Four main lines of business are well developed, strategic layouts are innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs, three, short-, medium- and long-term strategic layouts are clear, innovation is promoted, research and development of Chinese and nuclear drugs is strengthened, and the development of research and development is driven by the company ' s ongoing development of innovation systems and research and development appropriate to the stages of strategic development of white drugs.
On the one hand, it is important to follow up on the development of medicines. On the other hand, it is important to develop them.
On the other hand, differentiated distributions are innovative. Based on technological frontiers, clinical needs, resource endowments, proactive integration into national and local biomedical strategies, and the development of more competitive and market-oriented innovations.
(i) Clear strategic planning for research and development Short-term R & D projects: the company is fully engaged in secondary innovative development and rapid drug development for listed varieties, and is currently developing 11 large Chinese drug varieties and 25 projects for 2 developed.
• Medium-term research and development project: the company is fully engaged in the development of innovative Chinese medicine and is continuing to build the Yunnan Pharmacy Leather Star product, which currently has four varieties under study and accumulated four patents.
Long-term research and development projects: the corporate innovation drug project focuses on social needs and technological empowerment, with the development of nuclear drugs at its centre, the deployment of several new drug pipelines and the enhancement of the drive for sustained development.
(ii) ai medical transition accelerates the integration of traditional Chinese medicine into modern life through continuous innovation. The company focuses on consumer-centred “customization innovation”, “socialization innovation”, driven by advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, etc.
Working to integrate traditional Chinese medicine into modern life, from a single blood-control product to a large Yunnan white industry group, covering a wide range of areas of great health, creating classic cases of innovation and livingization of Chinese medicine products, such as Yunnan White Potables and Yunnan White Toothpaste. The “ai+Medic” transition helped the industry to develop rapidly.
The depth of technology, such as energy, big data and cloud computing, is integrated into all stages of cultivation, processing, research and development, production, marketing and so on, accelerating the digital transformation, focusing on the modernization of Chinese medicine and the intellectual upgrading of health products.
Upgrading and business innovation. Focusing on industrial supply chains, integrated consumer-oriented operations, medium-station construction based on data insight and marketing capabilities, and upgrading the digitization of business and functional sections, supporting enterprise strategic development in all its aspects, moving forward with specialized projects such as corporate data governance, industrial finance integration, lighthouse plants, etc., and continuously empowering companies to operate and manage new steps.
In the area of digitization of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the entire process from cultivation to distribution has been created through the creation of a platform for “wild cloud medicine”, the digital ecosphere from cultivation to consumption has been constructed, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has moved towards intelligence and greening, and the efficiency of product research and development has been enhanced through the development of an auxiliary products.
Yunnan White: Four major business blocks are well developed, strategic deployments are innovative Chinese and nuclear drugs The four core industries of the company, drugs, health products, Chinese medicine resources and provincial pharmaceutical companies, have been growing steadily over the long term, and we expect the company's pharmaceutical industry to continue to advance its priorities from academic clinical, marketing, division of channels, production efficiency, etc.
Health clusters: from supplier to market, from enterprise management to user services, from product development to end-to-end user demand, oral and head-to-head care, through optimal R & D management, channel management, production management and supply management processes Yunnan White medicine: four major business plates with robust development, strategic layout innovations in drugs and nuclear drugs
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry: the company has set clear objectives, refined measures around seeding, planting, processing, market, branding, and has accelerated the high-quality development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, which is expected to lead to the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry chain in Yunnan Province. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to develop.
Yunnan White: Four major business plates are well developed, strategic layout innovation Chinese and nuclear drugs (ii) investment proposal: “buy-in” ratings are given to the Chinese pharmaceutical industry as compared to the old brands of the Chinese drug industry, compatriots, east aquariums and China-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, etc.
Companies, four comparable companies, with an expected average of 25.2 times the market surplus in 2025, Yunnan City, with a relatively low rate of surplus, expect to continue repair, cover for the first time, and give a “buy-in” rating.
As the coverage of pharmaceutical collections continues to expand, the Ministry of Corporations may have the risk of a decline in sales of sub-products as a result of national or local union collections.
2. The risk of price fluctuations in the raw materials of Chinese medicinal materials may be associated with fluctuations in the prices of pharmaceutical products in some strategic sectors as the market for and demand for the raw materials of Chinese medicinal materials changes.
There is greater uncertainty about innovative drug research and development, and the company’s nuclear program is at an early stage, and there is a risk that research and development will fail.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report