Purchase of gold mines to build a second-growth curve, with management adjusting to a new chapter
\triangleright 2025q1 net return profit increased by $1,874 million in year-on-year, mainly due to Māori growth \triangleright
Four hundred and seventy-six million yuan, which is the result of the increase in the Maori of the copper cobalt plate. Price: 2025q1, cathode copper/metal cobalt price, at 1.7 per cent and 8.8 per cent, is higher in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where the demand for and supply of the cobalt industry are reversed, with the overall rise in cobalt q1.2 Product sales: two major world-class copper cobalt projects, kfm+tfm, have a strong capacity to produce copper and cobalt.
At the end of the quarter, the tfm mine reached production, and since production capacity was not fully released during the climb, the 25q1 items were fully on track to an increase in post-partum production. It is worth noting that, despite a significant increase in production in the same year, copper and cobalt were sold.
The volume of sales actually completed by Zhang Qing Ixm, i.e. the amount of revenue that can be recognized upon arrival at the port, and the amount of production produced at the end of the mine, the difference in the volume of sales or the fact that the sale at the end of the mine was not made available in time to form a group sale, thereby increasing the stock in transit
The company plans to collect $581 million in cash \triangleright.
Review: Cobalt Cobalt Resonance, Twin Stars Lighting 2025/03/23 Buying 100% of the share of the Canadian listed company Lumina Gold. 100% of the company owns the Ecuador-based 2. Loyang Molybdenum Industry (603993.sh) Dynamic Report: Cobalt Kings
The cangrejos gold mining project. According to the pre-research report, the Cangrejos retained 1,376 million tons of resources, returning to 2025/03/11.
An average grade of 0.46 g/t, containing 638 tons of gold metal; 659 million tons of reserves, with an average gold grade of 0.55 g/t, with a point review: q4 performed above expectations, with a twin star shining by 2025/ containing 359 tons of gold metal. The future life of the mine is expected to be 26 years. Total capital expenditure on the project was 1,976 million.
The project is planned to build in three stages, 30 kt per day, 60 kt per day for a second cycle, and three 4. The Loloyang industry (603993.sh) event: copper production and 80 kt per day. The initial capital expenditure was $925 million, or 47 per cent of the total capital expenditure.
An initial construction plan is completed in three years. The project uses low-extraction versus open-air mining to reach the expected average annual production of gold after delivery: production continues to be higher than expected and is expected to hold the Democratic Republic of the Congo gold mines at its core: 1 development goal for the next five years: between 800,000 and 1 million tons of copper metal per year by 2028;
The performance is expected to continue to grow as a result of the resonance. 3 Mergers and acquisitions of greenfield gold mines, opening up a second-growth curve. 4 Managers adjust and move to a new chapter.
\triangleright 1 incident: company quarterly report 2025, 25 April 2025, company quarterly report 2025.
On 21 April 2025, the company announced, with the approval of the Corporate Investment Committee, that all of Canada ' s listed company, Lumina gold (tsxv:lum), would be acquired in full cash through an overseas entity.
The purchase price was equivalent to $1.27 per share, compared to the 41% premium on April 17. At the same time, the Luoyang industry and Lumina signed a buy-in agreement for the issuance of $20 million worth of convertable bonds to meet the Cangrejos gold mine.
Since the second half of last year, intensive contacts have taken place between the two sides, resulting in a long and friendly deal. The agreement has now been supported by a vote of 52.3% of the shareholders in Lumina, which will be judged by the local public takeover: overperformance, the proposed acquisition of large greenfield gold mines.
The decline is mainly due to changes in fair value (46.6 million yuan), mainly due to trade-end futures losses of billions. The increase is mainly due to Māori (2.299 billion yuan) and mainly to growth in the Māori ring of the copper and cobalt plate, which is worth hundreds of millions. The decline is mainly due to Māori growth of $4.376 billion year-on-year, which is the result of Māori growth in the copper and cobalt plate; cost; and
Prices: The price of the 25q1 company ' s main product was higher than the price of the ring with the exception of molybdenum, and the same price increased with the exception of cobalt, while the copper cobalt plate: 2025q1, the cathode copper/metal cobalt price was $9352/t and $11.9/the prohibited cobalt industry reversed supply and demand, and the cobalt price q1 as a whole showed an upward trend.
The indicator has declined over the years and the price has increased; in the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the price of americium/phosphate ammonium is the same: with the exception of molybdenum and phosphate, the production of mines has exceeded the planned production target (the copper cobalt plate, which guides the median annual production, is a strong yield advantage for two major world-class copper-cobalt projects: kfm+tfm, which boosts copper-cobalt production).
The output of copper/cobalt metal from the company's 2025q1 copper plate blocks was 17.06/30.4 million tons, compared to the corresponding increase in the production of the stfm mine at the end of the quarter, and the 25q1 or two major projects were fully productive after the birth of the baby, due to the fact that they were not fully released during the climb. It is worth noting that, despite the significant increase in production in the same year, however, production has increased.
Cobalt sales decreased by 43.4 per cent by 16.7 per cent to 124.24 million tons. This is mainly because the sales disclosed by the company were the actual sales of ixm, i.e. the amount of revenue that can be recognized upon arrival, while the production at the end of the mine, the difference in the volume of the sales, or because the sale at the end of the mine did not reach the port in time to form a group sale.
This has led to an increase in in-transit stocks, followed by a return to normal sales, profit or room for improvement. Plates: production of tungsten is stable and production of tungsten is higher than expected. Production of 2025q1 molybdenum/tungsten metal continues to decline or decreases in production ring ratios are the main reason for the fall in production of the historical q1 production seasonally, which is normal.
Dollars, 426 million yuan less than the same year, and $351 million more than the ring, mainly as a result of a reduction in the currency exchange earnings ring. 2.2 Acquisition of large green land gold mining projects, opening a second-growth curve of lumina gold, a survey of precious and basic metals listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s board
The company, based in Vancouver, holds 100 per cent of the cangrejos gold mining project in El Oro province, south-west of Ecuador, and, as the core of the deal, the Cangrejos, a large-scale primary gold mining project in Ecuador, completed in 2023.
Based on a pre-research report, Cangrejos maintains a resource of 1,376 million tons, an average gold grade of 0.46 g/t, an internal gold metal content of 638 tonnes, and a reserve of 659 million tonnes, an average gold grade of 0.55 g/t, an inside gold metal content of 359 tonnes. The future life of the mine is expected to be 26 years. The mine is a typical rocky mine, large in volume and buried.
The cost of mining will be competitive, given the low level of open-air mining and extraction, as well as the availability of infrastructure such as electricity, water resources, roads and ports. The mine is still being explored within the limits of mine rights and deep in the mine body. The mine is located in the south-western part of Ecuador. The Cangrejos project is located in El Oro, south-western Ecuador.
The project is located in the El Oro transform zone of the Cordillera Mountains, near the eastern edge of the coastal plain near the north-east edge of an ancient volcano. The height of the project is about 100 metres to 1370 metres above sea level.
The nearby cities are the provincial capitals Machala and Santa Rosa, with a population of about 230,000, while Santa Rosa is a smaller city with a population of about 50,000, closer to the project. Both Santa Rosa and Machala can provide basic goods and services for the early stages of exploration and mining.
Small towns and villages also have skilled and unskilled labour. Both Machala and Santa Rosa are located on the Pan American Highway linking Guayaquil to Lima, Peru, where road traffic is easier. There are regular flights between the airports of Quito and Santa Rosa, which also serve Machala.
The company expects that Port Bolivar will facilitate the export of concentrate and the import of equipment, materials and other consumables. The copper-coloured Milado copper mine was transporting it from Port Bolívar. In addition, the company expects that part of the project's imports will need to be made available.
Using the port of Guayaquil, approximately 225 kilometres from the project. Overall, the land and water transport conditions around the project are the same. Resource volume: the project has a combined metal volume of 638 tons of gold and 1.2 million tons of copper, based on a gold price assumption of US$ 1,600 per ounce and a copper price of US$ 3.5 per pound.
The volume amounted to 1.08 billion tons, with an average gold grade of 0.48g/t, a copper grade of 0.09 per cent, containing 16.8 million ounces (523 tons) of gold metal and 2,166 million pounds (980,000 tons) of copper; in addition, it was assumed that the amount of gold metal was 3.7 million ounces (115 tons) and 483 million pounds (220,000 tons) of copper.
Reserves: In 2023, the company made estimates of reserves of 1,156 million ounces of gold (360 tons), 1,420 million pounds of copper (640,000 tons) and 1,438 million ounces of silver (447 tons). The price is assumed to be $1,500 per ounce of gold, $3 per pound of copper and $18 per ounce of silver.
The total capital expenditure of the project is $1,976 million. The project is planned to build in three stages, with a current capacity of 30kt per $100 million, representing 47 per cent of total capital expenditure, and an initial construction plan to be completed in three years. Production: low-skinning compared to open-air mining, reaching an estimated average of 11.5 tons of gold and 19,000 tons of copper produced per year after delivery.
According to pre-research reports, the project uses open-air mining, with an average life-cycle extraction ratio of only 1.7 per cent, at a manageable cost. The project is mined for 26 years, with an average annual yield of 11.5 tons of gold, 7.2 tons of silver and 1.9 tons of copper, and a combined gold equivalent of 14.5 tons.
The average lifetime recovery rate is assumed to be 85% gold, 78.9% copper, and 54% silver. Division, silver, $21/ounce, copper, $3.8/pound Cost and returns: operating costs of mines units within the life cycle are estimated to be $818/ounces, according to pre-researchable reports
Gold equivalents are assumed to be $1650 per ounce of gold, $20 per ounce of silver, $3.75 per pound of copper, 17.2 per cent for project Irrr and $2,238 million for npv (5 per cent discount rate). Given that the current prices of gold and silver copper are far higher than assumed, the actual items are irr and npv or higher.
2.3 The management changes will lead to a new chapter in the management of the company. The company issued a circular simultaneously, the chairman and vice-chairman Yuan Honglin and the chief investment officer Li Chongchun resigned, the company convened a board of directors to consider the hiring of additional executives and agreed to appoint Mr. Xiao Yang.
For the Managing Director and Chief Operations Officer, Mr. Liu Jianfeng is the Chief Investment Officer, Mr. Kennyives is the Deputy General Director and Chief Business Officer, and Mr. Tan is the Deputy Managing Director. With two major mines coming into production, assets are being consolidated, and management changes mark a new chapter for the company.
The upgrading of the mind management team is not a one-time phenomenon, but rather an initiative based on an in-depth understanding of the nature of the mining industry and the stage of company development, to choose a full-scale organizational upgrade under the company’s best performance in its history.
In fact, a comprehensive overhaul and renewal of the organization and management cadres at a new stage in history marks the end of the era of a phased and functional management team, followed by a sophisticated management approach for modern mining enterprises. So, the core management team is strengthened, and the new leadership team is the starting point for the middle and first.
Line operators form an ideal and field-based practical team to lay the groundwork for a new round of development in the Luoyang Molybdenum industry. Once the staff has been adjusted, it may be worth looking forward to a new staff share.
The potential of the two major mines is high, and the next five years will be a significant increase. With the tfm-m-mixed, kfm-cobalt-cobalt gradually released, taking into account the fact that forward planned incremental landings began in 26 years, with over 24 years of production over the Pumpi and Kfm-II deep sulphide development, early work is already under way, step two.
There are more projects in progress, including the tfm mixed mining project, kfm.
Projects, etc., require considerable human and material resources for their construction, and if some unforeseen and unexpected impacts result in the project not progressing as expected, the yield release pace will slow down, with an impact on profitability. 2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, copper, copper, copper, copper, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus have a clear impact on corporate profitability, which can be significantly affected by a fall in metal prices as a result of macroeconomic accelerations or massive releases of supplies. 3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread out in China, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, India.
A change in the direction of local government policies in the market, or policies to raise taxes on mining companies, laws against mining companies abroad, etc., could be detrimental to the interests of companies, and risk exchange rates against the profitability of companies. Corporate mines are global, involving more assets in foreign currency, although exchange rates are used.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.