Investment rating: Purchase (first) • Summary: The fast-changing structure of retail outlets for spices, and the rise in demand for meals, the substance of which is consumption
With a forward-looking, agile organization, the sea and sky have succeeded in building a product super-single of soy sauce, building a core matrix of flavours, and running fast in the field of recalibration in a fast-tested and wrong way; digitizing the channels is positive.
Embrace the o2o model, build full-channel coverage; brands are located from the extreme value of the value, and people are cut off through high-end, diversity, and continue to pervade the minds of young people. The impact of the epidemic on performance has gradually faded, the demand has been reduced, and the cost pressures have been reduced.
There's plenty of room, challenges and opportunities in the spice industry, company prices compared to 300 deep, tasted sticky and spending rigidity, consumption demand was growing in abundance and diversity, and prices were rising.
In this context, the industry will continue to grow steadily. Three main channels of catering, retail and food industry are cross-penetrating, new patterns of industrial shocks, such as live feed, community shopping, and the traditional distribution model of offline flow and rapid integration, and industry change provides an opportunity to open up the new situation.
Headlines are expanding rapidly, stock competition patterns are increasing brand rejuvenation and product upgrading. Favourization, compounding tides, accelerated horizontal spreads such as aphid oil, sauce, and eating, while vinegar vertically divides functions such as cooking, eating, health care, beverages, and so forth, and quality upgrades are accompanied by consumption frequency.
The market is expected to expand faster with the next increase.
Core products such as soy sauce to beryllium, flavour sauce, vinegar, wine industry, testing for a new retortion of water, promote nationalization. (2) Focus on content marketing, popular gaming crowns, capture of users' minds, develop the consumer potential of young customers, and tap into private-area flows to drive more repurchases.
(3) The industrialization of catering has led to the creation of a new market of custom-made foods, and the company has the advantage of taste research and development for sediments and canals, and is expected to raise the user ltv in the future. (4) The price increases release the imported stocks at the top, the flow returns to good quality, and the company will move out of growth.
First and foremost, the recovery in profitability has also helped to raise valuations and give a “buy-in” rating. The risks of large price increases for raw materials, food safety risks, promotion of new products, and new channels have not expanded as much as expected, the risks associated with recurring epidemics, and the risks of declining industry climates.
I. Farming the market for spices, with a strong leader, 1.1 soy sauce lead, growing into a national flavour tap, with soy sauce as its core, and a multi-dimensional brand matrix. The products include soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vinegar, wine, alcohol.
Of the more than 400 specifications of several large series of varieties, such as sauce juice, chicken sperm, chicken powder, rotting milk, fire pot bottoms, the sales and market share of soy sauce, aphid oil, and sauce sauce are the number one sub-types.
Classes account for 18% and 11% respectively; soy sauce accounts for as much as 64% of the company's total Maori, aphids 15% and soy sauce 12%, respectively. Soy sauce is at the heart of the company's spice business from the point of view of revenue and Maori.
The company’s revenues are widely and evenly distributed. In mainland China, China’s harvests are evenly distributed, accounting for 26 per cent of the company’s total revenues in 2020, 22 per cent in the north, 22 per cent in the east, 21 per cent in the south, 19 per cent in the west and 12 per cent in the west;
The distribution of dividends is similar to the distribution of revenues: 26% in the north, 22% in the centre, 20% in the east, 20% in the west, and 11% in the west.
Figure 5 Māori in the sub-regions of the company (2020) Māori in the soy sauce business, with a smaller regional Māori ratio. The company ' s 2020 soy business not only owned core products with a high Māori ratio (meat and soy sauce), but also in all regions of mainland China.
1.2 Companies continue to perform well, with cost-control capabilities ahead of them, benefiting from a well-developed supply chain and a strong channel capacity, and their net profits from business and repatriation have increased steadily over the last 10 years. Companies achieved 22,792 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 15.13% compared to the previous 10 years.
Chart 9 maintains a high rate of growth in the net return profits of the company for the last 10 years, Chart 8 maintains a faster growth rate in its revenues for the last 10 years, positive efficiency gains, and a steady rise in the Māori rate and net interest rate.
The development of the class of goods, with the benefits of fine management of internal enhancements, has led to a full-scale reduction of efficiency gains in areas such as procurement, production, and technology. Since 2014, the company ' s Māori ratio has been maintained at over 40%, with net interest rates exceeding 20%, and fees have been cut off from costs, with a net interest rate of 23.93% for q3, an increase of 0.08% for the same period.
Increased cost input output management, with a downward trend in cost rates. Sea weather actively optimized the cost input structure. Cost rates have declined in recent years, from 8.98 per cent for the company in 2020 to 3.5 per cent for the same period.
In addition, the promotion fee started in q2 in 2021 was no longer included in the fee, but inflated the operating income, while the company ' s sales cost in q3 in 2021 was 6.71 per cent, a decrease of 3.05 per cent compared to the previous year. The company was committed to talent introduction, and while the growth in the scale of its operations resulted in higher remuneration costs for managers, the management cost rate remained at a better 1.5 per cent.
In addition, by strengthening financial management, companies have been able to effectively raise the return on money, while the profits from the financial contribution have gradually expanded by 1.3 through conversion and expansion of production capacity, and the business culture has a long history and a long history, and it is one of the first companies to be published by the Ministry of Commerce as the Chinese Old Word.
For more than 60 years, the sea sky has spread from region to country, from workshop to modern intelligence.
In 2005, over 1 million tons of high-tech production sites were built, and since then production bases have been actively expanded, with sales worth over 10 billion in 2013 and official landings on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2014. Companies are working to improve consumer use, and in 2016 they started the Sea Sky Fine Project.
In 2017, it promoted an optimal upgrading of the packaging of products. In 2018, China completed the “five-year re-establishment of a sea sky” plan, generating $17,034 million, which is 2.03 times the amount of $84.02 collected in 2013, and accelerated the transition to technology, information, and scale-up smart manufacturing, aimed at increasing production on the basis of low-carbon energy.
Efficiency, acceleration of product development, improvement of product quality, and further strengthening of the Protector River. New products were introduced in 2020. Fire boiler pyrotechnics @me, reproducing the geologic taste of the world’s classic fire pots, and are expected to become a new growth point in company performance.
China is committed to building a whole system of “Chinese-flavored” products and keeping it new. The sea is so fresh, and the sea is so beautiful.
China is committed to promoting Chinese food culture globally, and its products are best sold not only to domestic markets, but also to more than 60 countries and regions around the world. In addition, China is actively strengthening corporate culture and promoting the company’s museum, "Yang of Jamie."
The Castle of Light, in combination with tourism, education, literature, film and video depths, has received more than 1.3 million visitors and created a distinctive brand of “Community Museums + Industrial Tourism”. 1.4 Corporate equity structures are stable, and staff shareholdings are tied up for benefits.
As of mid-2021, the Oceanian Group was the first major shareholder in the Department, with a direct share of 58.26 per cent, and Chairman Pankang and Vice-Chairman Longway Snow held separate shares and were highly tied to corporate interests. The stock structure has generally not changed in recent years.
The introduction of the first restricted equity incentive scheme, totalling 6.58 million shares, accounted for approximately 0.44 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the award and was awarded to 93 key personnel outside management, such as core technology, marketing, production, engineering, management, etc., in the interest of stimulating workers' enthusiasm for work and enhancing their sense of corporate identity and belonging.
The multiplicity of requirements and channels is both a challenge and an opportunity for businesses.
As the consumer’s demand for food tastes grows, the professional catering and food industry rises, giving greater weight to the ability of the overall solution. On the other hand, online access expands, so that tasters can gain direct access to private area flows in the public domain and finalize consumer drawings.
So, for example, to speed up the process of product rotation. In short, condication companies must develop a whole-channel distribution system, and create the ability to adapt to the new consumption situation.
For 50 per cent, retail and food processing channels account for 30 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. In 2019, we sold nearly 9 million tons of spices and 5.58 per cent of cagr in 2011-2019. Between 2011 and 2019, the share of spices was more than 57 per cent, and the channel played a major role in the sale of spices in the country.
In 2020, our restaurant industry was hit by a new coronary epidemic, with a drop in catering channels from 58.02% in 2019 to a steady increase in the number of our food channels (except 2020). In Japan, our food channels will remain dominant for the long term.
In terms of composition, the distribution of food has remained constant at over 47%. Japan’s market for spices is at an advanced stage of maturity, with a steady rise in the distribution of food.
The main reason for the negative growth during the epidemic, which reached 11.41%, is that the number of meals out of the country has decreased and more people have chosen to cook at home, which in part has contributed to household consumption of spices. The retail price of spices has increased steadily, and the price factor has gradually risen.
Retail sales amounting to nearly 7 million tons, with a capr of 5.65% in 2011-2020 and retail prices of $20,853 per ton, are still increasing, while the importance of the contribution of the end price growth is increasing. The price index for spices is higher than for other kitchen groups, and benefits more from rising consumption in recent years.
The price index for spices is significantly higher than for food and food oils, indicating that the increased consumption capacity has made the population and restaurants more inclined to taste delicious and healthy high-quality spices, thus increasing the price of spices (the consumer price index remains above 100).
Chart 20 shows that our consumer price index for spices has been higher than the price index for food and food oil in recent years, and refers to Japan, where the amount of household expenditure on spices is expected to increase. The share of Japanese households in consumption spending on spices has remained at around 1% for the last decade.
In the future, with the growth of household spending, the amount of expenditure on spices will continue to rise.
2.2 The retail market is characterized by a low concentration of retail markets and a widening of online channels. We have a low concentration and a fast-growing leader in the retail market for spices. We now compete for billions of dollars in the retail market, with cagr close to 13% in 2011-2020, well above other companies in the industry, and the dominant position is becoming apparent.
The concentration at the retail end is expected to continue to rise as a result of a stable and strong pattern.
Figure 25 shows that retail sales of seafood amounted to $10 billion, and figure 26 maintains a high and steady growth rate of seafood acupuncture retail sales, which are dominated by modern channels, but which are not growing at all.
Modern channels dominate traditional channels, with the share of modern channels approaching 70%. By way of a breakdown, supermarkets and large malls have become the subject of modern channels. After 2015, the share of modern channels has grown significantly, with the share of online channels increasing steadily, to 5.4% in 2020, and the importance of new retail outlets, represented by various types of o2o platforms, has risen rapidly.
Chart 27 Our retail outlets for spices are dominated by modern channels Chart 28 Our retail channels structure for spices is stable and, with the high base effect, the volume of 1h21 spice supermarkets has declined by the same amount, but has not changed much since 2019.
During the 2020 epidemic, a large number of residents hoarded spices, resulting in a high retail base of supermarkets in 2020. 1h21 supermarkets, while showing a significant decline in retail sales, did not change much from 2019.
Figure 292021h1 shows a decrease in retail sales of various types of goods through our Taste Supermarket Channels: glass containers are the main packagings of spices, and the use of light and soft materials has increased in order to adapt to diverse consumption scenarios and purchase channels. The traditional packaging of spices is dominated by glass containers, which are significant, with higher logistics costs.
Over the years, the size of flavour-friendly soft packagings has accelerated, and the size of the pet bottles is similar to that of glass cans. New packagings include, inter alia, standbags, metal cans, folding paper boxes, etc., which are easy to carry, single capacity is set and living is expected to widen the flavour consumption landscape.
Figure 31 The size of the new packaging of our spices (millions of units) 2.3 soy sauces have grown steadily, regressed rapidly, vinegar integration has increased rapidly, and market concentration has risen steadily during the maturity period.
In 2020, we had 77.00% retail retailing of sauce at our table, although slightly lower than 78.59% in 2015, but still far higher than other tables. Retail sales, which reached 80 billion yuan in 2020 and remained at about 8% per year, have reached a steady growth period.
Chart 332020, where the retail amount of soy sauce went up by 80 billion yuan, shows 32 soy sauce retailing at nearly 80% of the table's appetizer, compared to the competitive pattern in the Japanese sauce market, where the city of the country's soy sauce is more or less popular.
The share of the Bureau’s national production of soy sauce is close to 40%, while the domestic city of Japan is about 33%. Domestic soy sauce is in its maturity stage, and local brand space will be further compressed as industry leaders increase their production capacity.
2.3.2 The potential for reversion is great, the aphids are growing, and the combinations based on soy sauce are favoured by Japanese families. There is a marked change in the consumption structure of Japanese households, with annual household spending on soy sauce falling to less than 2,000 yen, while Tsyu and tare are compounded.
The amount of sauce consumption has increased to almost 5,000 yen, and the composite spices have risen rapidly in Japan’s mature market for spices. In 2018, our market for composite spices reached 113.3 billion yen, and in 2011-2018, the cagr reached 14.77%.
There is also a more professional and long-term potential for growth in the country’s market for composite spices, which contribute only 18.20% of total sales by industry, and 50.50% and 49.80% of total sales in mature United States and Japan, respectively.
The country's complex connoisseur market has a very large growth space.
We have a stable market share for the top five products of composite spices. Chicken is the most mature and the largest of the top five products of the country, with a market size of over $20 billion in 2015 and a 28.23 per cent share of composite spices. Fire pot spices are the second largest, with a share of more than 20 per cent of composite spices.
The pattern of competition for goods has been stable, and the market share of the five major groups of products has not changed much.
On the other hand, although the sale of aphid oil is lower than the sale of soy sauce, it is increasing at a much faster rate than the sale of soy sauce, with cagr reaching 12.98% in 2016-2020. On the price side, the retail price of soybean oil is $14,220 per ton, and it is lower in the food table than the soy sauce, which is more than $3,000, and the price of soy sauce in 2016-2020 is only 0.93% for soy sauce and 4.54% for soy sauce.
Given the faster growth in demand in the market for aphid oil, the price of aphid oil remains low, the likelihood of future price increases is greater, and the retail price of aphid oil is expected to open the second growth curve.
Charts 40 argon retailed at a much faster rate than soy sauce, for example, sea weather, where the revenue from the business increased faster and the soy sauce was more profitable. The revenue from the business was significantly higher than the soy sauce, with cagr reaching 21.27% in 2011-2020, but the business was more profitable.
The market for soy sauce is market-sized and profitable, but the market for aphids is growing in a much larger way, looking at the potential for upscaling. Figure 42 shows that the business for acid oils grew at a significantly faster rate than the business for soy sauce.
Figure 43: The Māori rate for the accelerator oil business is over 50%. 2.3.3 The vinegar industry is in urgent need of integration. Price competition is expected to shift to quality competition. The vinegar industry is vastly open, and per capita consumption of vinegar is far lower than Japan and the United States.
The growth rate since 2006 has been 6,578 million yuan in sales earnings in 2016, with a 10-year complex growth rate of 12.37 per cent. In 2009-2015, the production and consumption of vinegar increased from 3.25 million tons and 32.44 million tons, respectively, to 4.1 million tons and 4.0970 million tons, bringing about a faster increase in demand for movable property.
We also have 6.5 kg of vinegar consumption per capita, which has the potential to increase significantly.45 The per capita consumption of vinegar is much lower than that of Japan and the United States.44 The production of vinegar in Japan is consistent with that of the United States.
We have a low concentration in the vinegar industry, which has the potential to increase its prices. In 2019, in China’s operations with the Chinese Favourable Favourite Enterprise, the proceeds of vinegar were only 23.21% of soy sauce, while the production of vinegar was only 33.88% of soy sauce, with a relatively fragmented share, the concentration of the industry has to be increased.
The price of vinegar is only $3,801.17 per ton, well below the price of soy sauce and soy sauce, and we judge the availability of the vinegar industry.
There are more than 6,000 State-owned vinegar businesses, but the only ones that produce more than 100,000 tons per year are vinegar, water tower vinegar, 3 vinegar industries, and only 7 businesses that produce more than 50,000 tons of vinegar, 70 per cent of small-scale workshops, and 30 per cent of branded businesses. In 2019, the vinegar revenues and yields of the top five companies in the vinegar industry accounted for 100 per cent of the spices.
The share of business vinegar income and production lags behind that of soy sauce and soy sauce, national enterprises lacking both channels and brand advantages, in the light of the development of the soy sauce industry, the quality of products is a key consideration in consumer purchases, the way the vinegar sector competes is expected to move from price competition to quality competition in the broader context of rising consumption.
Increased concentration is an inevitable trend, with top firms expected to benefit.
• Top five firms as a share (income) top five firms as a share (production) top five firms as a share (production)
3.1 Core products have grown steadily, while the central and western markets have become more dynamic, soy oil harvests and Maori rates are higher than other businesses, and aphid oil has become an important growth point. Sea weather has been active in recent years in promoting the expansion of product types, but soy oil remains a core business with both size and profitability.
From 4,137 million yuan in 2011 to 13.43 billion yuan in 2020, seafood oils received only 725 million yuan in 2011 and the second largest business in 2016, exceeding the sauce, with more than 4 billion yuan in 2020, and cagr up to 21.27 per cent in 2013-2020, far higher than soy sauce and soy sauce.
Chart 51, captivating 4 billion in 2020, chart 52, growing steadily, chart 53, collecting more than 20 per cent of cagr between 2011 and 2020.
With the exception of 2020, the Māori ratio of the Māori business in the Māori business in the Māori business has been maintained at over 40% since its listing in 2014, and is close to 50% in 2019. With the exception of 2020, Māori in the Māori business in the Māori business is higher than in the Meowows, and it is expected that the vanguard advantage will be further consolidated.
The Māori ratio of the main business in the Pacific is higher than that of other companies in the same industry, and the central and western markets continue to increase. In 2013, the central and western markets recorded only 7.58 per cent and 15.64 per cent of the total, while in the eastern, southern and northern markets the share reached more than 24 per cent, in recent years.
In the central and western markets, where companies continued to operate in 2020 (21.52%) the share of central markets exceeded that of eastern and southern markets, while the share of eastern, southern and northern markets declined. In terms of the rate of growth, the western market, which collected 23.67% of the company ' s cagr in 2016-2020, also reached 19.50% in the central market, which is significantly higher than the rest.
Figure 56 shows a sustained growth rate in the Western Sea Market, and chart 55 shows a marked increase in the Western Mid-Sea Market share of the market. Seaday’s ability to cover the national market is ahead of other companies in the industry.
Daily harvests are distributed evenly across all regions of the country, with the lowest share of Western markets reaching 12.45 per cent, the northern sector accounting for 26.24 per cent, and the rest of the region about 20 per cent. The middle torch is 42.43 per cent higher from the southern market, which is dominated by Guangdong and Hainan, and the central and western markets, which together account for only 20.49 per cent.
More than 50% of the revenue comes from the western market, with the southern and central markets accounting for only 4.78% and 8.32% of the revenue. Sea weather has a greater ability to cover the national market and has greater growth potential than other companies in the industry.
Figure 58: Fifty-five percent of the harvest from the western market, east and south, central and north, east and south and north and west.
The eastern and southern markets are relatively mature and the volume of dealers in the north needs to be raised. By the third quarter of 2021, only 929 and 965 distributors in the eastern and southern parts of Haitian had contributed nearly four harvests, larger distributors and more efficient operators.
The western market is in the nurturing phase, and there is still much room for improvement. Charts 60 and 60 for single distributors (millions) and 59 for regional distributors.
The expansion of production capacity has accelerated, with storage bases covering the entire country. By 2020, the capacity utilization rate for sea-based production had reached 95 per cent to the right, and companies had established storage bases in major logistics hub cities throughout the country, bringing their products from production to storage bases through main lines, creating a logistics system that collects production, warehousing, and distribution into one system, responding quickly to market demand.
The company, which is based on the Fuoshan Goldmanium Production Base, has been working on the second and third phases of the project on the expansion of the production capacity of a taste-cooled product. The construction of the Jiangsu Energy Extension Project and its accompanying projects has recently been accelerated and has reached 74.30 per cent as of 2021, while the company has also begun construction of the Nanning Production Base on a yearly scale.
Production of 950,000 tons of spices, including 500,000 tons of soy sauce/year, 250,000 tons of soybean/year, 150,000 tons of soy sauce/year, 3.2 retail embraces of new customers, food breeding for new kinetic energy 3.2.1 enhances digital marketing and targets global growth
Sea-based consumers reach fourth place in the fast-disrupting product, with nearly a 10% increase in the rate of penetration. The 2021 Asian market brand footprint, published by the Caddy Consumer Index, shows that sea-based consumers reached 621 million in 2020, ranking 4th of our top 10 consumer lists, with a penetration rate of 79.4%; and tops 10 consumers.
Sea-day consumers reach the fastest growth (9.7%). Sea-day is the only taster in the top ten brands, with an unmatched brand influence in the taste-cooking industry. Sea-day penetration of young customers needs to be improved.
The crowds are mammal and urban blue collars, with a low penetration rate of 5% and 7% among young people of both generation and town. In addition, more than 70% of the young population has only “discovery” and only 20% of the population of generation z has “searching” and “love” at sea.
The youth and the new white collars have reached only 6% and 7% of the "love" stage of the sea sky.
Senior white-collar, city-wide silver-breeding, small town youth, generation-of-generation national advertising to deepen the branding of young customers, and private-sector client operations to enhance viscous and transformation.
The Division uses its resources to tap into the young crowds and enhance brand recognition on the one hand. For example, a limited package of "Girls" has been introduced for sauce (new items), using the golden phrases of the programme to increase the quality of the new items and stimulate the interest of young customers in consumption. On the other hand, the company has been outside the public domain and has also launched a small restaurant of seafood.
Programs, inter alia, on-the-line purchase, distribution of new products, cooking knowledge and recipe exchange, creating direct dialogue with users through coupons, product promotions, food sharing, and so on, obtaining first-hand consumption information and enhancing the limited packaging of the 67-sea-coupled sauce "The Wonders "
The share of the sea antenna has increased significantly in recent years, reaching 3.16% of the total on line q2 in 2021. The share of the sealine on line q2 and q4 is higher.
With the exception of 2020, which was affected by the epidemic, the quarterly up-to-date ratio was higher than the previous year, with more than $150 million on the q3 and q4 lines in 2021, and the importance of online operations for the performance of the public sector gradually manifests itself. However, the overall up-to-date up-the-sea antenna up-the-horizon ratio is still low, and companies are active.
To increase the penetration of the annual crowds, there is much room for growth in the future of online operations. The ratio of up-to-date revenue to the 68-sea antenna is gradually increasing, and community buy-outs are becoming less perturbing to the under-line channels, which are expected to become a new source of momentum.
The 2020 epidemic, which facilitated the rise of community group purchasing, has to some extent disturbed the market order for spices, and has had a significant impact on the profitability of traditional channels. As the State has strengthened its control over community group purchasing, the consumption of q3 of spices in 2021 has returned to traditional channels. On the other hand, community group purchasing itself has the advantage of an efficient supply chain and a sinking market, and companies have the advantage of doing so.
New incremental space will be acquired through in-depth collaboration with the head community acquisition platform.
Focusing on popular foods, soy sauce, and aphid oil have a clear advantage in the market. 60% of sales in the sea come from catering channels, with excellent product performance and high value for money, high penetration rates for mid- and low-end and popular foods, and products are concentrated in soy sauce and aphid oil.
Figure 70 shows that 60% of sales revenue comes from catering channels, and the outbreak will continue to perturb the short-term demand for appetizers.
In recent years, we have experienced a slowdown in the sales of single restaurants and a sharp decline in the aftermath of the epidemic. In recent years, we have seen a decline in the growth of catering, especially in the weakening of consumption and maintenance of single cafeteria sales, except in the case of cafeterias.
With the exception of street stalls, the price of multi-prisoner cagr was below 3% in 2011-2020, and a full-service restaurant and a chain of meals in 2020.
The company explores the Midwest food increase through, for example, new recommendations. The catering industry has a certain appetite for spices, consumption inertia, and a strong regional appreciation of the labels of soy sauce and vinegar, making catering channels difficult to maintain.
In the future, it is expected to expand the food industry and catering customers with customized products and add value. Sea weather has a strong leadership advantage in the basic spice track, and has been actively developing complexes in the recent past.
Favourable products, in addition to the fast-growing aphid oil business, the company last year launched a series of medium-style "fast-track" combined sauce test-c-end markets, including flavour sauce, fresh salad sauce, high soup halogene juice, red and red juice, sour sweet vinegar, soy caviar 7 products, with a single small package, break through.
In the future, with the upgrading of the catering supply chain, the industrialization of the kitchen and the retailing of the restaurant are becoming increasingly clear, and the compound trajectories, which are more valuable at the end of b, are expected to be new profit growth points for the company. 3.3 price increases improve channel ecology and are expected to emerge from low growth rates.
After the previous round of price hikes, the price of soy sauce rose to about $5,400 per ton, and the price of soybean oil to about $4,700 per ton, with less change in the price of the main product in the last three years. The price increases, while leading to a slight decline in sales of the main product in 2017, remained at more than 96%.
The price of the main seafood product is stable (in yuan/tons) and the output of the main seafood product is rising steadily. The raw materials account for nearly 50% of the purchase cost, and soybeans and white sugar are the main components.
H1 raw materials accounted for 45.83 per cent of procurement costs, while packaging materials accounted for 28.66 per cent, and energy was only 2.38 per cent. Seaday, 2013 H1 procured $430 million in soybeans and 350 million in white sugar, representing 38 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively, of raw materials, while soybeans and white sugar prices had a greater impact on the cost of raw materials in Seaday.
Chart 78 raw materials account for nearly 50 per cent of the purchase cost. Figure 79 soybeans and white sugar are the main raw materials.
By the end of November, the prices of white sugar, soybeans, wheat, fragrants had risen by 10.77 per cent, 28.79 per cent, 6.21 per cent, floating tablet glass and tiles had increased the cost of packaging materials. Seatroll books show that plastic bottles, bottles and boxes were purchased for 41 per cent, 43 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively.
Prices of tiles, polyester bottles have increased, and average prices of flasks glass, tiles, walnuts q3 have increased by 69.26%, 13.27%, and 29.17% compared to q3 in 2020. Given that plastic bottles, bottles and paper boxes are the main packagings for spices, the expenditure on packaging materials by the sea sky has increased accordingly.
Figure 81 Composition of sea-day packaging materials The rising costs of raw materials, transportation costs, energy, etc. have contributed to the price increases. The previous rotation season was the base period, with a 2021 price index for spices and fermentation products, which was found to be lower than in the same month of 2019.
The price increases, on the one hand, are downward pressure on the cost of the conductor, and, more importantly, recoupling the channel price board, expanding the profit margin, and increasing the confidence of the distribution system.
Large, and therefore sensitive to changes in the price of spices, the demand for spices by retail outlets alone (residents) is small, and the monthly expenditure on spices does not change much, so retail outlets are not sensitive to fine-tuning of prices of spices. In order to maintain profits, sea distributors and two groups of dealers will raise prices further on the basis of price increases.
In addition, in order to ease cost pressures, the two-line connoisseur industry may follow suit to raise prices, leading to an increase in the overall price level of the market. 3.4 Companies focus on the pool of talent, and research and development capabilities build on technical barriers.
The proportion of highly educated employees has gradually increased. China has placed emphasis on the pool of talent, and the number of staff with master ' s degrees in 2020 reached 170, or 2.81 per cent of the total number of employees, a marked increase from 2013 (0.91 per cent), when the proportion of employees with secondary and lower education declined from 48.40 per cent in 2013 to 40.01 per cent in the public sector.
Chart 85 shows a gradual increase in the overall level of education of sea-day workers, a steady increase in investment in R & D costs, and a large research and development team. Sea-day 2020 R & D costs more than $700 million, or close to 30% of the time, and more than 500 R & D staff, or 8.47% of the total company workforce.
Research and development capacity has been in the industry with the steady increase in research and development inputs and the combination of size and strength of research and development teams in the sea, and the continued increase in research and development costs in the sea, in figure 86, in figure 872020, has reached over 500 researchers in the sea.
The number of patents is ahead of the industry, increasing the amount of oil, vinegar, and re-research. Thanks to the power of research and development, China has far more patents than the same industry. According to the Internet patent system, the company has applied for 557 patents, including 191 inventions, 31 inventions authorized, 54 visual designs, and 281 practical new ones.
Fermentation methods, fermentation species, production equipment, product packaging, quality control systems, etc..
The development and application of core technologies can improve the quality of products and reduce production costs. (1) High-quality bacterium through soy sauce.
The use of breeding techniques has resulted in an increase of more than 20 per cent in the volume of corporate bacterial enzymes compared to traditional strains, which has reached internationally advanced levels and has improved the utilization and quality of soy sauce. (2) The combination of internationally advanced “critical flux” techniques and hydrodynamic control techniques has effectively reduced the power of the feed and cycle pumps and reduced the washing of the membrane.
The use of two-way flow techniques and membrane cleaning techniques to effectively control membrane contamination and flux recovery, improves the efficiency of the operation of the membrane filtering equipment and reduces the operational energy consumption, resulting in an increase in the useful life of the membrane components by more than 50 per cent, a reduction in electricity consumption by 80 per cent and a reduction in consumption by 24 per cent.
The increase in the taste of spices addresses the low utilization of raw materials for traditional processing methods in water products, their high cost and the difficulty of industrialization, and enhances the market competitiveness of corporate acetylene oil and other aqueous spices.
At the end of the income spectrum, price hikes have boosted profit lines, post-epidemic demand for meals has been slowly repaired, a return to double 4.2 profitability is expected to support high valuations in 2022, a steady increase in the future is expected to result in a stronger correlation between the average quarterly rate of market gains at sea and net interest rates at home, and high profitability supports high valuations.
The quarterly average market gain since China is on the market is 0.62 per cent of the relevance of the parent net interest rate. Quarterly net interest rate fluctuations have risen, reaching 25 per cent by mid-2017, driving the market gain to the upper track, and the forward premium benefits have gradually become apparent, and the average quarterly market gain in figure 91 has a strong correlation with the financial indicators.
This year’s cost-accelerating industry shuffling has led the way, and the recovery of profitability has also helped to raise valuations, with the risk of a sharp rise in the price of raw materials, food safety risks, new product promotion and new channels not expanding as much as expected, recurrent risks from the epidemic, and the risk of a declining industry climate.
Contact person: Kiki Land, Bachelor of Biology, Beijing University, and Doctor of Chemistry, Middle School School. 8 years of experience in strategic operations and research and development management. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information on the market, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.