The industry has gradually passed through the dark, and it is expected that the dawn will dawn, and the short-term negative disruptions in the Yellow Sea Tzu industry will gradually fade: in 2021, the dietary channels continued as a result of (1) repeated outbreaks.
Obstruction, (2) weak willingness to consume household channels and high base pressure, (3) high social stock in the taste industry, low willingness to take goods from distribution channels, (4) the impact on the end price system of the spices in the early stages of the development of new channels, such as community group purchasing, due to massive capital inflows and unregulated management, among other factors, as described above.
This year, the overall development of the flavour plate continued to decline. However, the performance of the 2021q3 quarter as a whole improved, with (1) the industry ' s overall pipeline stock gradually improved, (2) community group purchases became more stringent and negative, and (3) price increases at the end of the year were expected or will be further stimulated to the end.
In October, social retailing, food- and oil-based retail consumption levels improved, the impact of the epidemic gradually diminished, and demand for end-of-end consumption in the spice industry is expected to recover further. So we expect that with the company’s business performance or will be at a turning point: the company achieved revenues of $17.990 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, compared to that of the previous quarter.
+5.3 per cent, q3 quarter revenue of $5.66 billion, or 3.1 per cent of the year, of which soy sauce/favourite sauce/veal oil revenues are gradually recovering from the current weak consumption in China, and the above-mentioned industry ' s disadvantages are gradually fading. We expect that the profitability of the industry will continue to lead, and price transfer is expected to lead to improved profits: the cost of bulk raw materials will be high over the period.
The upturn has resulted in a general increase in industry cost pressures, which has led to a significant contraction in the overall sales rate of the spice industry. While most spice companies have taken the initiative to ease profit pressures by, for example, reducing operating costs, most flavour companies continued to experience varying degrees of decline in net return profits in the three quarters of 2021.
In the short term, the price of raw materials has continued to rise, or will continue to put considerable pressure on the cost side of the company, but given the opportunity for significant improvement in performance profits after a clean landing, and the recovery of the catering industry after the epidemic has become normal.
In the long run, rising consumption trends and the continued upswing of raw material costs are expected to continue to raise the entry threshold of industries and force under-capacity SMEs to exit the market faster. Given the company’s leading nationalization, market coverage, significant brand tone, and a rich product matrix, the market’s combined competitive advantage is particularly significant.
We therefore appreciate its ability to continuously increase its market share in the future, considering its business to be logically developed over the long term, with its first configuration and long-term holding.
I. China’s Favourables Industry leads the business of the Chinese Taste Industry, the Futian Favour Food Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Haitian Industry or Company) is China’s largest professional spice production company. Haitian is the leading brand in China’s Favourage Industry, dating back to the year of Qing Donglong.
In 1955, under the name of the "Seastros" and under the name of the "Seastross" and under the name of the "Class Café", the "Congregation" was formed in the near 300-year-old company, which was published by the Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China.
Successfully converted at the end of 1994, the company moved into a fast track, became a $10 billion sales company in China ' s taste industry in 2013 and officially signed up on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2014, making another important leap. The company ' s products are now all-encompassing, including sauce.
Oil, alfon, soy sauce, vinegar, wine, flavour juice, chicken sperm, chicken powder, rotten milk, fire pot bottoms, etc., with a total of more than 100 varieties and more than 400 specifications with an annual output of more than $20 billion. 1.2 Corporate equity structure is clear and management deep interest bound.
The company's major shareholders are Guangdong Sea Sky Group, Ltd., holding a total of 2,454 million shares in the company, with 58.26 per cent of the shares held by the company, while, on 27 December 2020, the five members of the company, Pankang, Cheng Shei, Chen Junyang, Wu Rejuvenation, Wong Weung Biao and others, signed a new Agreement on Concerted Action, in accordance with the agreement.
In the course of the conference, a group of five people, namely Pangang, Cheng Shui, Chen Junyang, Wu Jian, Wong Wen-bong, were also the actual controllers of the seafood industry. 1.3 The core management team is stable and the industry has extensive experience.
Chairman Bond took up the post of deputy director of the Yujia Oil Factory in Fushan City in 1982. As the oil factory was remodeled, he held the posts of deputy general manager, general manager, director and general manager of the company, respectively, and was former president and president of the company. At the same time, the company’s other core executives were more than 20 years old.
Staff. Corporate core management teams remain stable for a long time and have extensive experience in management related to the spice industry, leading to a very high level of professional competence and policy continuity in the planning and implementation of the company ' s business development orientation.
Chart 2: Introduction to the Core Management Team II. Long-term development of the spice industry and continued prosperity
1.60 million tons, with a combined growth rate of 12.8 per cent in 2013-2020, show a trend of annual growth in total production, with a marked growth trend in the long-term sustained boom in the taste industry, which is the main market channel, with significant advantages for large tasters.
In terms of market end demand differentials, catering channels have long been the main distribution channels for the appetizer industry, followed by household consumption and industrial processing. According to a report issued by the Chinese Association of Chain Operations, China ' s Chained Catering Industry Report 2021, China ' s catering industry has been developing in a healthy manner, and the market size has been growing since 2014.
The growth of 2.9 trillion to 4.7 trillion in 2019, at a compound rate of about 10.1%, is expected to increase by 2024. As China’s catering sector has grown in size and expansion continues to flourish, the demand for quality and stability in the supply of its upstream spices has also increased.
In this demand trend, large spice companies have become more competitive in the upper catering sector because of the easier availability of high-quality product assurance and more standardization and stabilization of taste in the production of scale production, the first Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 3: Annual growth in production by 100% of enterprises Figure 4: Shares by distribution channel as compared to variety of spices and fragmented industry patterns
China has a very rich variety of spices, which, due to regional differences in taste, have resulted in a wide variety of products representing various regions of the country, as well as a slight variation in the product groups of the enterprises, including the seafood industry, Li Jinxy, Cooking State and others, which are in the category of soy sauce, due to differences in geographical circumstances and differences in development priorities.
Tables show that factories such as Hsing and Shanxi are represented by the vinegar category, while those such as the old Godmothers are represented by chili sauce, among other things. The soy sauce class is the most in demand in Chinese spices, with business size and market sales ranking at the top of the industry, with a market share of about 26.9%.
In terms of market patterns, the current pattern of competition in China’s spice industry is fragmented and the market share of the major spices market does not perform very well, so the concentration of the industry is low. According to Euromonitor, in 2020, Cr5 was only 19%, of which the seafood industry held the largest market, with its market share in retail markets.
About 7%, the current leader in China’s spice industry, makes the whole industry a very strong one. As the division of the industry increases, major head companies are expected to concentrate further on future market patterns through declining channels and expanding product groups.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., China ' s share of the market in the spice industry (retail caliber) is dominated by soy sauce, sauce sauce and fuel consumption, promoting the diversification of other product matrices.
In terms of the business income structure of the seafood industry, the company ' s main business (food manufacturing) accounted for about 95 per cent of its total revenue in 2019-2020, with soy sauce, sauce sauce and aphid oil as the company ' s most important core product group, with sales of the above product categories accounting for 57 per cent/11 per cent in 2020, respectively.
Through self-production or foreign mergers and acquisitions, product diversification has been expanding and has now been successful in expanding a wide range of products, such as vinegar, chicken sperm, venom, wine, milk corrosion, fragrance juice, perfume oil, which in 2020 accounted for about 9% of the company ' s operating income.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., 3.1 Soy sauce oil business has developed far ahead of industry as the company's largest sales product group, and the sea sky's soy sauce product sales have been steady for 24 consecutive years.
The sales and sales of soy sauce have been growing at a high rate by more than double digits since 2016, with the average annual sales in the last three years being around about three years, according to data published by the Chinese Taste Association, the current consumption of soy oil per capita in mainland China is only one.
7.14 litres per person, compared to Japan or other Asian countries (or regions) with a similar dietary culture, still have about 26%-54% room for improvement. Moreover, as the pace of social life in the country continues to accelerate, the demand for meals out of the population, or for meals out of the country, continues to grow, as catering channels focus more on the taste of food items.
As a result, cooking food is more widely used than household cooking, the long-term development of the Chinese catering industry is expected to be the core driving force behind the rising per capita consumption of soy sauce. After years of long-term development, the seafood oil has basically achieved a variety of soy sauces or different cooking uses.
The market is structured in a comprehensive manner, encompassing economicly beneficial mass products, products that have been in the mainstream for many years, high-end products that have led to rising consumption, and so on, and product categories that cover a wide range of old, raw, fresh, zero-added, organic and so on, fully meet the diverse product needs of the current consumer market.
In recent years, consumer sensitivity to the price of high-quality appetizers has tended to decline in step by step as the income level of the population has risen. And as consumer health awareness has increased, consumerism has gradually shifted towards higher quality or better tasteful taste, with recent “zero additions” and “organic” ingredients representing soy sauce.
More and more consumers are concerned, thus contributing to the continued expansion of the size of the market as a whole. Thus, we expect that in the future, while the mainstream product is growing steadily, such high-end products, consistent with the concept of rising consumption, will also be expected to become another long-term driver of the expansion of the company’s soy oil business.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., 3.2 argon oil, which is still in the process of nationalization, has a long history of argon products in the seafood industry with a strong competitive edge for companies, with annual sales as well as production technology leading the industry.
According to OECD data, by 2019, the market for corporate herb oil products was about 42 per cent, far more than for other counterparts, and there was a high concentration of industry markets.
From the Guangdong region of China, the hernia oil class was initially identified as a high-end appetizer class owing to high production costs, good taste and high nutritional value. However, as the seafood industry and other spice producers continued to improve their production techniques and lower production costs, the price ratio of Chinese hernia oil products generally increased and market positioning moved.
During this period, the use of herb oil products has become widespread throughout the country and market expansion has been successful in moving to the fast-growing lanes, thanks to the continuous optimization and innovation of the products of the major connoisseur companies: (i) the acceleration of market penetration; and (iii) the deepening of consumer culture.
Aphid oil, made of a large quantity of fresh ale concentrates, is of high nutrient value, smells good, flavours good and sticky, can bring out the freshness of the food, and can be used in a variety of cooking methods, such as smelting, fried, saffron, burning, tweezing, etc., and can therefore be used for a wide variety of cooking methods, such as smelting, boiling, burning, etc., and can therefore be used for a wide range of purposes.
With a more widespread feature, market recognition is expected to grow in the future, as a growing number of consumers favour it. In recent years, there have been two major trends in the whole industry: (i) accelerated nationalization; and (ii) accelerated diffusion of consumption attributes from dietary demand to the daily needs of the population.
In the light of this trend, the company has seized on the opportunities for industrial development and has taken full advantage of its pioneering competitive advantage, the Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. is worth noting that the current market for aphid oil as a whole compared to soy sauce vinegar or other major spice products.
As a result, future market space for oil-consuming groups is still very large, and is still developing at a high rate. In the process, companies, as the industry’s leading companies, have a significant advantage in the nationalization of the pipeline, so we expect future companies’ oil operations to be in the future.
It is hoped that the industrial development dividend will be more fully enjoyed and that the high growth trend will continue. 3.3 The sauce industry has a large variety of products, the concentration of the industry has increased space, the company sauce product has long been a leader and has grown at an average annual rate of 8.4 per cent in sales over the last three years.
China's sauce is widely distributed throughout the country, and regional differences in taste have led to the proliferation of Chinese-style sauce sub-species. By regional taste preferences, the north of China is represented by soybean, soybean, soy sauce, soy sauce, pasta, pasta, sweet pasta, sesame sauce, garlic chili sauce, etc. The south of China is represented by forks.
Salt sauce, sauce, Xo sauce, seafood sauce, shrimp sauce, Hainan yellow-lighted hot pepper sauce, Guilin chili sauce, etc. are the first Shanghai Securities Company, represented by Guizhou hot pepper, chili bean sauce, Sichuan bean bean bean bean sauce, chili sauce, etc.
For example, China’s Central China region is represented by such products as Huannan pepper chops, Henan mushrooms, etc. Moreover, in the context of the accelerating trend of internationalization, the taste of overseas foods has become increasingly popular among Chinese consumers, and the O-American flavors of composite sauce, chili sauce, barbecue sauce, pasta, curry sauce, South-East Asia.
The demand for a variety of other products, such as soy sauce, Thai sauce, Thai sauce, jam, curry sauce, Japanese mustard, Korean sauce, Korean chili sauce, etc., is also increasing in China’s consumer markets. The long-standing regional differences in taste have also led to a lower concentration of markets in the sauce industry.
In 2019, according to the Chinese Favorite Association, 100-Power companies sold about $8.3 billion in soy sauce, 10% faster than in 2019, and the industry has maintained a good development in recent years.
Class products, which continue to optimize and adapt their channels, have been steadily developing over the years, gradually becoming one of the few major items in the country that sells more than $1 billion. In the current product matrix, companies have not only laid out a variety of local sauces to achieve a regional market card.
In the future, as the product of the company ' s sauce continues to diversify and the product is being refined, we believe that the market will be opened faster with the company ' s leading channel.
Figure 18: Seafood sauce products 3.4 for new product categories, industry-wide access to space, in addition to the three main core categories, companies have in recent years been engaged in a variety of activities, including self-production or external M&As.
This has accelerated the expansion of product diversification. Given the wide variety of markets across the country’s regions in terms of demand for spices, corporate diversity and core goods can, to a large extent, be strongly complementary to national expansion.
In the competition pattern of the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., the current Chinese appetizer industry, which currently has a huge overall capacity and a large number of sub-species, alcohol, vinegar, etc., has not yet developed a national brand that has an absolute advantage, thus giving the seafood industry more.
According to our research, the new product entry strategy in the seafood industry is more inclined to opt for products (e.g., wine, etc.) that are large and not well known winners. Given that companies are selling networks across the country, whether horizontally or horizontally, they are also more likely to be successful.
As vertical deep farming is particularly strong within the industry, we believe that the future expansion of the company ' s new product categories, whether new products are marketed or continue to penetrate, has the potential to be more effective in the industry than in the past, and that branding and sub-marketing are more viable, so we expect that there will be more new product categories in the future or that will be able to reconcile the company as a whole.
A new contribution is being made by the continued growth in the sale of spices, the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. IV, brand power, channel power, the firm’s core competitiveness.
China's brand power index (c-bpi) and analysis, based on the brand rating authority, Chnbrand, show that for 11 years in a row, seafood oil has won the first brand in the c-bpi, oil consumption, sauce and vinegar industries. According to Kantar, 2021
Global Brand Footprint Report, China's list, ranked fourth in China's fast-density brand, tasted 2021 in 2020 with 620 million consumers and 79.4 per cent penetration (560 million consumers in 2019 and 75.7 per cent penetration)
Long-term branding continues to capture consumers’ minds. Companies have long placed branding and dissemination at the critical strategic level of the company, with the main brand as the central leader in overall product development and the distinction between brands as a precise and well-positioned score. Companies maintain a leading position in the industry every year, with corporate sales in 2020.
The total cost is 1.37 billion yuan, of which the total cost of advertising and promotion is about 490 million yuan. The company has long placed large items on its watch, David's eyes, and web-based hot spots, and continues to occupy consumers' minds.
(Note: In 2020, the impact of the epidemic and the new revenue guidelines adjusted freight to the operating costs of the industry, and the promotion fees eliminated operating income, further reduced the cost and cost of company sales.)
At the end of the year, there was a net increase of 2,596, or about 54 per cent over the last three years. The coverage of corporate products is now spread across a wide range of market channels throughout the country, including major supermarket chains, wholesale agricultural markets at all levels, urban and rural convenience stores, retail stores, online and new retail outlets, and more than 80 overseas countries or regions have exported.
As of 2011, the market development rate had reached 90 per cent and 45 per cent at the local and county levels, respectively, and the national market development rate was nearly 10 years ahead of most of the other counterparts. About 90 per cent of the departments of the public administration have now reached the target of selling over a billion dollars, and after years of intensive farming, the company’s municipalities have been operating for many years.
Field coverage continues to rise year by year, and according to our market research, the company's market development at the local, municipal and county levels is now close to 100 per cent/60 per cent, respectively, and the company's distribution network is extremely wide and deep within the industry.
In the management of channels, companies require that the total number of distributors set up by channels be no less than two for local markets above size and annual sales. On the basis of these policies, we believe that the following three advantages will be brought to the company distribution network: (i) to effectively resolve the situation.
The uncertain effects that changes in distributors may have on firms, thereby increasing the long-term stability of the company distribution network; (2) the dual distributor model will also, to some extent, stimulate competitive incentives among distributors and the efficiency of corporate management, thereby increasing the potential for firms to develop to a gap or weak market; and (3) by channel or administrative region
It also effectively avoids overlap between distributors and protects the long-term business interests of distributors and companies while avoiding unnecessary internal consumption. The “prior payment” reduces the risk of bad debts, and the distribution channels are potentially “exclusive.”
Incentives and high demand in the product market have led companies to have strong bargaining power when they have a large number of high-quality distributors in the taste industry. Companies have adopted a “first-in-first-out” settlement model in their marketing model, effectively avoiding the appropriation of their own funds and securing a significant degree of cash inflows.
To reduce the overall risk of bad debt. Moreover, because of the particularly large sales volume of the seafood industry and the stable demand in the end market, the co-distributors are, to some extent, able to operate other brands at the same time, combined with policies or programmes such as the return of companies through regulatory channels.
Epidemic-catalyzed industry patterns have become more exclusive to other competitions. During the epidemic, the population has been affected by restrictions on movement, a large number of meals and meals, and a lack of cost scenes, which has somewhat hampered the growth of the taste industry, but we believe that the short-term drying of markets.
Disturbing is not enough to change the synergetic development of the entire catering industry and the taste industry, and it is expected that future catering channels will remain the main driving force behind the long-term development of the entire taste industry. In addition, we also believe that the recurrent effects of the epidemic and the high cost of large quantities of raw materials are negative factors, or will catalyze the entire taste industry.
In the process, large head-tweeper companies, with their higher risk resistance, may be faced with further shuffling to accelerate the concentration of market shares in head brands such as the sea weather industry. Catering channels can be difficult to handle, creating an absolute advantage.
The supply channel is about 50-60%, the household consumption channel is about 30-40%, and the rest is the food processing channel. New entrants to the market have higher entry thresholds, and catering channels are available due to a greater emphasis on the safety and taste stability of the late cooking product at the end of the channel.
In the long run, the competitiveness of the company’s main markets is concentrated on catering channels, resulting in an absolute industrial advantage in the lead layout of the country’s catering channels. While some of the demand at the end of the epidemic shifted to the end of household consumption, the current company’s dietary channels were reduced throughout the year, with households + processing.
The access ratio has increased considerably, but we expect that as the epidemic stabilizes, the company's dietary channel will pick up steadily, and that future catering channels will remain the main engine of corporate business development.
Upstream procurement is stable and high-quality, and the demand for scale reduces the cost of procurement. In upstream raw material procurement, companies have long-term good business reputation, leading to high-quality and long-term stable branding of suppliers, and the quality of upstream procurement is constantly improving.
In the case of soy sauce, the company sold 24.53 million tons of soy sauce in 2020, about 5-12 times as much as the same product in the medium-to-burn and millet industries, so the company purchases upstream each year.
The demand is also particularly large, leading to higher bargaining power and a more flexible pricing strategy for companies in upstream procurement, which effectively reduces the average cost of procurement as a whole, while allowing companies to guarantee high quality procurement.
Large-scale production reduces unit production costs. The firm’s fixed production costs are also effectively spread out with the benefits of large-scale production. And, as the company continues to promote the optimization of production efficiency, it substantially improves its technology of intelligence, digitalization, automation, informationization, etc. at the end of production, combining its traditional technology with modern technology.
At the same time as entering technology to guarantee food safety, taste and quality stability, there is a downward trend in the cost per unit of production of companies, with average manufacturing costs and average labour costs in the industry, Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd.
The overall income performance of the appetizer industry was relatively low in 2021: 1) due to the high correlation between the appetizer industry and the catering industry and the repeated outbreaks of the epidemic throughout the year.
End-of-court demand, fuelled by household consumption last year, led to a higher same-year base and, after the outbreak, to a generally weaker consumer's appetite, has led to a long history of the social stock of some brands in the industry during the year, which has led to a continued decline in the overall supply of goods from distribution channels; 3) community buyouts
In the early stages of the development of new channels, the overall end-price system in the taste-cooling industry was hit by a massive inflow of capital and regulatory irregularities. These factors, among other things, led to a low performance in the business development of this year’s whole palate, with the seafood industry recording total operating income in the first three quarters of 2021.
Of the 179 million yuan, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period, it is worth noting that, according to data from the q3 quarter, the overall performance of the flavour plate, while still under pressure, improved the ring over itself, including (1) the gradual improvement of the industry ' s overall pipeline stock, and (2) the acquisition by the community.
In October 2021, according to the latest data published by the National Statistical Office, the total retail sales of consumer goods in Chinese society amounted to RMB 4.05 trillion, or +4.9 per cent, including RMB 140 billion for food, oil and food commodities (for enterprises above the limit), or +9.9 per cent for catering enterprises.
Revenue (for enterprises above the limit) is 98 trillion yuan, compared to +4 per cent, and the impact of the epidemic is gradually decreasing, while the overall retailing of consumer goods is slowly recovering, and the demand for end-use in the taste industry is expected to recover even further. Thus, from the point of view of the taste industry, the impact of short-term disruptions described above will gradually fade in the future.
After that, the overall appetizer industry is expected to rebound at a low base, with the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., from the company’s point of view, achieving operating income of $3.17 billion in the third quarter, an increase of +2.2 per cent, and three.
Large-scale business sauces, sauce sauces and aphids generated income of 31.7.5.3.10.6 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of +2.2 per cent/- 5.8 per cent/+5.1 per cent, with the resumption of soy sauce and acacia operations increasing and the reduction of sauces shrinking.
In terms of profits, the cost of raw materials such as soybeans, soybeans, wrappings, etc. increased significantly during the year, resulting in pressure on industry costs due to the fact that the main costs of production in the spice industry included large agricultural by-products and wrappings, for example, the seafood industry ' s 2020 cost, which accounted for about 83 per cent of the company ' s total cost of direct raw materials.
The cost structure of the seafood industry in 2020, despite the fact that most appetizer companies have taken the initiative to reduce sales costs in order to reduce profit pressures, has significantly reduced the Māori sales rate in the industry.
In the first three quarters of 2021, PAE’s net return profits continued to decline to varying degrees. In this case, the sea weather industry achieved a net profit of about $4.71 billion, a positive increase of 3% over the industry.
Against the background of the high cost pressures in the above-mentioned industries, in the second half of the year 2021, the appetizers industry was the first to issue a price increase on October 13: due to the continuing rise in major raw materials, transportation, energy, etc., the company decided to adjust the prices of some products such as sub-samples of soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, etc.
In our view, in addition to effectively smoothing the firm’s own performance, price hikes will also contribute to the company’s recoupling of the market price system, thereby upgrading the overall channel.
At the same time, short-term price increases are expected to further stimulate or contribute to end-of-life market demand. At the same time, we also believe that because this boom is industry-specific, generally price-raising, and because spices are essential to life, it is generally accepted or accepted by end-users.
There will be some support, and in the process, companies, as leading brands and leading voice companies, are expected to achieve a significant improvement in the overall level of profitability in the future. In the short term, as noted above, China’s current consumption weakness is gradually recovering, and the taste industry is coming to an end.
The above-mentioned disadvantages for the industry are gradually fading, and it is expected that the surge in prices will accelerate the pace of the industry's “down to the dark hour.” So we think that companies may be on the verge of a round of business performance, with a focus on the chances of recovery in the catering sector following the return to normality next year.
With this continuing upward trend, industry entry thresholds may be kept high, forcing underperforming SMEs to step out of the market and accelerate the division of the industry’s share under shuffling cards in favour of greater brand concentration. Given the company’s leading market coverage, excellent brand tone, and a rich product matrix, the company’s ability to produce a large amount of goods and services will continue to grow.
In the short term, it is recommended that attention be paid to a number of factors, such as price increases and the recovery of the restaurant industry in the following year, taking into account the historical process of price increases in the company's development.
In the long run, given that the combined competitiveness of the company’s channels, brand power, product power, etc. is particularly significant in the industry, we believe that the logic of the long-term sustainability of the company’s operations is the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd.
Firm, short-term market disruptions do not have the capacity to change the pattern of competition and future trends in the industry, and therefore rating them and recommending that they be deployed and held for long periods. (1) The recurrent effects of the epidemic are expected to exceed expectations;
(ii) The catering pipeline has not recovered as expected; (iii) the cost of raw materials has risen more than anticipated; and (iv) the risk of food safety or product quality problems leading to damage to the company ' s brand name or reputation;
(5) Unexpected promotion of new company products; First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai I Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for private general review only.
You shall not rely on anything in this report to make any investment decisions. The contents of this report do not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors.