Positive layout aidc, looking at year-round performance; Year-round report, companies achieved income of $1.24 billion, an increase of 53.7 per cent over the same year; net return to mothers of $470 million, an increase of 43.8 per cent over the same year.
Speeding up the aidc layout, which is expected to contribute revenue throughout the year. 1q24 company revenue grew by 53.7 per cent over the year, and I \triangleright felt that it was mainly due to the steady growth of idc and the successful expansion of the aidc-related operations, which were received accordingly.
The Māori rate is 47.3% for 1q24 and 1.2pt, mainly due to the lower early Māori rate for the company’s newly expanded aidc business. The company’s revenue for the business is two categories: one-time prior income + follow-up continuing income, lower one-time prior income Māori, and continued follow-up
The Māori rate of sexual income is expected to improve, and we believe that the Māori rate of corporate integration is expected to improve over time with the subsequent sustainable income scale. At the end of the company’s balance sheet, the full delivery of the contract liability of 1q24 is considered revenue; in addition, the stock of 1q24 has increased by 213.0% over the same period, mainly due to the acquisition of high-performance services.
We believe that the company is expected to continue to produce high-performance servers, and that the aidc business is expected to move steadily to the intellectual chain, with autonomous R & D driving endogenous growth. Companies need to keep pace with industry trends and markets. \triangleright
In early 2021, the company joined forces with strategic partners in Kyuzin Park to deliver the first single pure liquid cold intelligence centre in the industry, making it possible for the wind cooler room to turn to the liquid cooler.
In 2023, the company took an active interest in the opportunities for development of the one and took the lead in the chain of intelligence centres, together with ecological partners, and organized one by pooling resources, technology, models, algorithms and data.
From the intelligence infrastructure, to the intelligence platform, to the complete industrial ecology of the IAC ' s overall solution, the Research Assistant has led the deployment of large-scale computing modules in the Kyuzin and Long Triangle Parks, with great distinction.
The company, in cooperation with telecommunications operators, has strengthened its compliance screening of end-users by taking over national ministries such as the National Information Centre and the General Directorate for the Supervision of National Markets.
1. Rainer Technology (300442.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review: Client data, urging companies to maintain a high priority on standards related to cybersecurity and data security. 2. Rainer Technology (300442.sz) In-depth report: park level.
3. Rainer Science and Technology (300442.sz) 3-quarterly 2023: Performance meets expectations and project delivery is fully advanced by 2023. Given corporate competitive advantages, there is a strong reserve of resources, which is expected to accelerate development.
\triangleright: performance meets expectations and there is a strong market for arithmetic
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.