In 2023, the company achieved $4.4 billion in revenue, compared to growth.
\triangleright, 50.2 per cent more than the previous quarter, with 4q23 earning 1.7 billion yuan, 13.2 per cent more than the same quarter; 640 million yuan net return, 69.9 per cent more than the same year; 590 million yuan net deductions, compared with the same year.
The arithmetic sector has risen and corporate performance has grown robustly. In 2023, the arithmetic sector has come closer to the greatest development opportunity of the decade, with a new round of technological and industrial revolutions taking place in major countries around the world.
In that context, corporate income and net profits continued to grow steadily in 2023, with five consecutive years of steady growth, 2019 billion yuan, total liabilities of $14.8 billion, net assets attributed to the shareholders of listed companies and asset-liability ratios.
In 2023, the company continued to build on the foundations of business development, new resources were deployed for incremental projects, new energy consumption was increased for stock projects, and 220kv transformer plants were built to provide a strong dynamic for the stability, safety, reliability, and green operation of parks and intelligence infrastructure clusters.
In 2023, the company deployed its third new resource to Henanjian County, with the aim of improving the cross-border layout and planning for about 30,000 containers. The stock project, with the completion of construction and delivery of the first field project, the multi-field two project also added important basic resources such as land and energy consumption, and the company ' s energy consumption target reserve at the end of 2023.
The company, with its forward-looking national strategic layout, has locked in scarce resources and is now in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay, the Chengjun Economic Circle, Gansu, Hainan Self-Trade Port.
The research assistant thanked us for waiting in six core regions to plan and complete seven clusters of smart numeric infrastructure and basically complete the framework layout of the country-wide `integrated numeracy system'.
In 2023, the Year of Irresistance was delivered to the industry's first-ever pure liquid cold intelligence centre to speed up the construction of a park-level cluster of smart-thinking infrastructure, and to make the effort to achieve “a positive embrace of the wave of technological revolutions and an aggressive lead to the upgrading of the Calculus Centre”.
The data centre is expected to continue to grow at a high rate due to industrial trends such as industrial intelligence, cloud computing and 5g.
It is hoped that this growth will be accelerated by a strong competitive advantage and sufficient reserves of resources. Consider the business prospects of the company and maintain the \triangleright 3-quarter review: performance meets expectations and a strong market for arithmetic.
5. Rainer Science and Technology (300442.sz) Initial Coverage Report: Campus-level Idc Leadership Enterprises, with significant benefits in the data economy - 2023/03/06
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.