The performance of health care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences met expectations, and the microcard & ec diagnosis was approved.
Events: In recent days, the company issued a 19-year performance forecast, with a net profit of $2.25 to $2.54 billion from the mother, with a rapid and sustained growth in hpv, rapid roll-out of rotational vaccines. The agent business continued to grow at a rapid rate of around $1 billion in net profits, with an estimated contribution of 10 to 1.2 million worth of five-priced rotation vaccines sold orally.
Millions of net profits. Thanks to the re-registration of the 3Ds, the market is worried about a 20-year decline in earnings from their own products, and we expect an increase in revenues from their own products, mainly because companies are actively adjusting their marketing strategies and increasing their academic push for autonomous varieties such as ac combinations, hib and acyw135.
The total equity/flow (millions) and ec diagnostic reagent performance contributions are expected to increase significantly in sales of their own products over 20 years, and the production of the frozen dry triple seedlings has been declared and is expected to be approved by the end of 20-21.
Prophylactic diagnostic reagents for micro-cards and ec are approved, and the market is very promising.
Ji Fei Bian (3000122) " The Strength of the Staff Holding Scheme " . 18-20% of our population, about 250 million people are carrying bacterium tuberculosis, and our country is big enough to show full confidence in future development.
Who committed to a 90% reduction in the overall incidence rate by 2035, i.e. around 100,000 cases per year.
Vaccination is the most effective method. In 2018, the country ' s primary, lower secondary, upper secondary, and line values were still far below expectations. - 18,677, 16,033, 13.5 and 7.91 million university enrolments, respectively, combined
More than 56 million people are expected to be covered by the nationwide system of school attendance check-ups for tuberculosis. The project, which takes into account only the newcomers market and not the rest of the population, assumes that ec reagents are set at 50 yuan per dose, 50% implementation rate, with a peak income of 1.4 billion yuan, contributing about 500 million net.
Profit: about 20 million new students enrolled in high schools and universities, estimated at 20 per cent infection rate (about 20 per cent for the country as a whole), approximately 4 million carriers, conservatively calculated at 20 per cent penetration rate of about 800,000, calculated at 2000 yuan/person (6 doses/persons),
Consider only the market for entry to high schools and universities, with a peak of about $1.6 billion in microcard sales and a net profit of about $700-800 million. We predict that ec-diagnostic and preventive microcards are expected to be approved in the second quarter of 20 years, and we judge that ec-diagnostics and microcards are expected to be available in the second half of 20 years, taking into account processes such as market access.
Annual sales, assuming 5 million copies of ec diagnostic reagents, determined on the basis of a 20 per cent infection rate, approximately 1 million carriers, assuming 20 per cent use of microcards, approximately 200,000 copies of microcards, 50 yuan/persons per ec diagnostic, 2000 yuan/persons, 20 years of ec and microcards
With 650 million yuan in sales, a net profit of 150-200 million dollars, R & D is entering the harvest phase. The performance of the autonomous pounds, such as microcards, three-generation ecstasy and 15-priced pneumonia, is less than expected.
A million dollars, a net profit of about 1 billion dollars, and we conservatively calculate that the future peaks of the three-generation “3-spirited microcarats” and 15-priced pneumonia” can make a net profit of about 5 billion dollars. Given the net profit of the peak of 3 billion dollars for agent hpv and others, the company's vaccine business is expected to outpace the net profit of 8 billion dollars.
The intellectual investment of shareholders in stockholdings, smart investment in active marketing of biopharmaceuticals such as car-t and the treatment of swelling and tumor vaccines, the breakthrough of future biopharmaceuticals, the company will break the long-term growth day and the company will recognize the ability to sell smartfly, while ignoring the company’s powerful product lines (own + agent).
Billions (30 timespe), $130 billion (28 timespe), with medium-term vaccine operations expected to contribute beyond long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report