Flying Organisms (300122.sz)
The median single-quarter net profit to the mother is $633 million: net profit to the mother in the first quarter of 2019q1-q4 is 502, 6.45, 6.16 and 6.33 (median) million yuan, with a quarterly balance and no apparent seasonality, and the year-round performance is largely in line with ours.
Among these, agent products contribute the main profits, with a value of $9.280 billion for the entire year 2019 (a batch was issued for the smart-flying creature (300122) [synchronous performance is mainly contributed by proxy products, with negative growth in the value of the autonomous products issued in bulk, mainly the company ' s heavy weight ac-hib. ]
Material: The reported performance is largely in line with expectations, the impact of re-registration of the triple-bullet seedlings has been significantly reduced by 34.9 per cent this year, and stocks and new batches of vaccines in the first half of the year are basic.
The year-round Hpv vaccine and the five-priced rotavirus vaccine boosted high performance, according to the year-end release data from the Central Court of Justice as of 29 December last year, 2019 was the year-round vaccine product of the wise flying creature.
Intelligent Biologicals (300122) [Combined release of nearly 20 million doses/bottles/contains, with 4-priced Hpv vaccine, 9-price Hpv vaccine, 5-minute stock company rating]
Twenty-three multi-sugar pneumococcal vaccines were issued for 4.8490 million doses and 3,324,000 doses, respectively, in the first three quarters of the year.
Vaccines and five-priced rotavirus vaccines were released in the last year, driving up a high performance last year. 2019-10-09 Apr. Key vaccines in autonomous vaccines, with the main vaccine product ac-hib triple seedlings, acyw135
10,000 and 440 million doses, 34.9 per cent, 57.1 per cent, 26.9 per cent and 1.6 per cent respectively; ac-hib triple seedling re-infection, heavy weight self-researching for the Bacillus Bacillus Oscilluscus vaccine waiting to be marketed; current clinical progress, waiting for final clearance for self-research products such as the ec diagnostic reagent and the Bacillus Oscillus Oscillus.
Vaccines. We have a large population of bacterium bacterium tuberculosis, and it is difficult to distinguish between real infections and BCG vaccinations for positive and transvestites, which are more likely to be positive, and to guarantee the reliability of mass screenings. The company is working on a diagnostic reagent for ec, which will just solve the detection of pseudo-yang pains; moreover, the cow-dissenting bacillus vaccine can be used.
Tuberculosis prevention among high-risk populations is effective in reducing the incidence of tuberculosis, and the first tuberculosis infected population to have completed the iii clinical test in the country and abroad is now in the production stage of a declaration. The company has developed a tuberculosis screening and prevention product line, which is expected to be approved in the first half of the year, enriching the self-research product line.
The ac-hib vaccine pollinator type is also undergoing clinical trials, and the quadruple re-programming of the non-viral vaccine, the intestinal virus-V-76 vaccine is followed by clinical batches.
Discontinuation of the contribution to the prevention of the performance of microcards, which we forecast to be 34.0/27.5/18.8 times public in 2019-2021; high net profit growth in the company over the next three years and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating; vaccine quality accidents; 4/9 price hpv vaccine imports below expectations; re-registration of triple seedlings and prevention of the listing of microcards
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.