The copper and cobalt industry is able to expand across, and the resource boom sails, and the Luoyang industry is reporting depths, and the copper and cobalt production is capable of expanding across, and the resource booms and sails.
14 September 2025 Building a world-class resource matrix to move towards the million-ton copper-producing energy target: the company sits on the world's scarcely high-quality Luoyang molybdenum industry (stock code: 603993).
The Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) tfm+kfm is the top ten copper producers in the world and the world’s first cobalt producers. The company as a whole now has six lines of production, more than 650,000 tons of annual copper, and a clear path to future expansion of capacity.
It is clear that the target copper production in 2028 will be further increased to 800,000 to 1 million tons. In addition, the company’s diversification, the Brazilian phosphorus mines, Chinese assets, etc., form a countercyclical resource mix; and the acquisition of the gold mine in Ecuador, Cagohouse (638 tons of gold), which continues to expand the company’s resource map and is expected to be launched by 2029.
Production, 11.5 tons per year, will be the new growth pole of profitability. Reverse-cycle M&As + low-cost development casts the resource to protect the river, and mining co-ordinates to create an efficient enabling power: companies, based on their insight into the industry cycle, lock in open-air mining, large reserves, and products during low metal prices.
High-quality world-class mineral resources, laying the basis for a competitive cost advantage; and efficient transfer of mineral deposits from Sun Sheki Mountain to production and rapid conversion of production capacity at lower than industry average development costs, most of them.
In addition, the modern mining model of “mine + trade” is a differentiated competitive advantage for companies, a trade platform that is applied through global distribution networks and financial instruments, and the enabling of corporate resources, not only enhances insight into and regulation of international metal trade flows, but also strengthens the ability of the companies to manage their trade flows.
The supply of copper has broken out completely, and will persist, and global liquidity has improved the price of copper up: copper production disrupts normality to limit effective supply, and new global copper projects are limited in the future.
The smelting capacity is released and the mine is tight. In 2025, the smelting profits of smelters were recompressed, the supply of regenerative copper was strained, overseas smelters were cut off, domestic production reductions were expected to remain, and supply-side constraints supported copper prices. The global manufacturing pmi remained resilient, although trade friction risks increased or delayed.
Continued copper demand, but the structural bright spots of demand brought about by the new energy transformation and the use of copper in data centres will have an impact on evasive trade. Copper prices are expected to shrink in the wake of supply constraints, liquidity easing, and the global economic recovery.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, which dominates the global supply of cobalt, extended the ban until the end of September or caused a shortfall in the supply of at least 128,000 tons of raw materials, while the Indonesian mhp project was unable to fill the gap. In June, Chinese imports of intermediate products from the Democratic Republic of the Congo from cobalt-wet smelting fell by 41.7 per cent compared to the previous year, the supply of imported raw materials was reduced and domestic production was reduced.
In addition, the United States collects cobalt to strengthen its autonomous supply chain, and the European Union announces its “European Rearmament Plan” to highlight the strategic value of cobalt, which will drive demand for cobalt in the military-industrial sector. If the Democratic Republic of the Congo resumes cobalt exports and adopts an export quota system, supply is expected to contract, with high energy intensity of lithium at the end of the demand.
Pool demand has been growing well, and cobalt prices are expected to perform well in the long term. Investment advice: companies, as global mining giants, rely on their world-class mineral resources and “mine plus trade” two-wheel drive models, leading in key metals such as copper, cobalt, and diversifying the resource mix.
Resisting from cyclical fluctuations. With the steady progress of a number of priority projects, the copper and cobalt plates are expected to rise in volume terms in the future, and the gold plates will open a second-growth curve that will lead to company profits and valuations simultaneously.
I. The mining boom, which builds a world-class resource matrix, (i) actively expands the quality of resources and promotes the global distribution of resources. The company, based first on indigenous molten resources and then continues to purchase high-quality resources abroad, has now become a world-class mining giant.
The company began in 1969 with a small molten mining plant in Sasakawa County, building on the rich resources of the molten mine in Toshikawa County. Since 2004, the company has undergone three changes in ownership systems, from State-owned, mixed ownership to private ownership, and in 2007 and 2012 it has been listed in Hong Kong and on the shipping boards. Over the past decade, the company has been actively expanding its overseas resources to acquire Brazilian phosphorous mines,
High-quality mines such as the Congolese tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines, and the acquisition of the third largest metal trader in the world, Ecosen (ixm) extended mountain chain, and the acquisition of the Cagohouse gold mine in Ecuador in 2025, with new gold resources on the layout. The company has now developed a two-wheel-drive model of "Mines plus Trade" that is the world's leading producers of copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, and sodium, as well as Brazil's leading producers of phosphate.
The company has developed a “three-step” development strategy: the first step is to build a “basis” based on the indigenous molten mines of Loyang, building capacity for mining, management and resource management; the second step is to go up the ladder, through the acquisition of world-class resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, etc.
The third step is the “big development” phase, which aims to create world-class levels, with a greater focus on strategic synergies among multi-country, multi-mine and multi-asset-based enterprises. With two major world-class copper-cobalt projects in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, tfm and kfm, which are fully operational, in 2024, the company’s mineral-copper production peaked for the first time in the tenth year of the world.
In the future, companies will continue to follow global mining patterns, undertake mergers and acquisitions at the right time, and continue to optimize the production of 80 to 1 million tons of copper metal, 90 to 100,000 tons of cobalt metal, 25 to 30 million tons of molybdenum metal, and more than 10,000 tons of zirconium metal. In the long run, the public administration will use resources as a shield, technology as a spear, industry as a base, and global competitiveness.
In the area of new energy metals, companies have important copper, cobalt layouts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and uniquely scarce product combinations such as molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, phosphorus, etc., in China and Brazil can be better able to withstand cyclical fluctuations.
Production exceeded the median production guidelines, with copper, cobalt, zirconium, and phosphorus production at an all-time high. Of these, 6502 million tons of copper were produced by companies in 2024, while 25h1 produced more than half a half-hour of products, of which 3536 million tons of copper, a 13 per cent increase compared to the same year, a 56 per cent increase compared to the planned completion rate; 6.11 million tons of cobalt, a 13 per cent increase compared to the planned completion rate, 56 per cent; and products such as molybdenum, tungsten, thorium, phosphorus fertilization, etc.
(ii) A high degree of flexibility in the private sector, introducing long-term development in the Ningde era. Corporate shareholders are the Hong Kong Group, the second largest in the Ningde era, and the two major shareholders, “1+1>2”, have developed in tandem with the Association of Enabling Companies.
In 2022, Luoyang became the second largest shareholder in the Ningde era, and the company turned into a private-sector system. The company has thus established a highly flexible institutional mechanism that is fully adapted to the requirements of internationalization. To date, the private sector is the company’s first major shareholder, with 24.93% shareholding, and is controlled by swimmers, and the second largest shareholder, Ningde’s.
The shareholding ratio is 19.73%. The company’s two major shareholders are strong, the Hong Kong Group plays a strategic role as a leader and a leader in culture, the Ningde era provides markets and industry resources, the two sides are strategically coherent, tactically closely aligned, and together build resilient global supply chain systems that guarantee firm stability over the long term.
(iii) Copper and cobalt operations are core performance-driven, with significant efficiency management results The company is able to leapfrog profitability through a strategic mix of “reverse cycle M&As + Trade Synergy”. Following the acquisition of ixm in 2019, the business structure was upgraded from single-mine mining to a two-wheel drive of “mine + trade”, with a cross-growth in the size of the harvest, adding up to the company on a week-by-week basis.
Cagr reached 49 per cent, except for the year 2019, when the continued decline in the prices of cobalt and copper led to a marked decline in performance, and the rest of the year was characterized by a generally volatile upward trend. 25h1 companies achieved operating income of $94,773 million, a decline of 8 per cent in the same year; the net return profit of 86.71 billion yuan, a rise of 12 per cent to $8,233.2 million, a gain of 87 per cent. Copper and cobalt operations benefited from a high increase in copper and cobalt sales in the Congolese gold tfm/kfm mine.
The revenue ratio has continued to rise, rising from 7% in 2020 to 33% of 25h1. In the Māori structure, copper and cobalt operations have also been nuclear driven by growth in performance, with 25h1 benefiting from an increase in the volume price of copper and cobalt blocks, which has increased by $5 billion to $17.3 billion over the same period, and the prices of americium, phosphorous, tungsten, molybdenum.
Figure 7: Māori for company sub-products (billion yuan) Figure 8: Māori for company minerals 25h1
The company ' s performance in reducing efficiency gains led to a more refined management of production operations, with sustained optimization of cost rates and excellent cash flow performance during the period. The company ' s lifetime cost rate declined steadily from 17.47 per cent in 2016 to 2.39 per cent in 2024, and 25h1 further decreased to 2.29 per cent. The Department continued to implement efficiency management measures to optimize the organizational structure and improve management effectiveness, with 25h1 management costs down by 3 per cent from the same time.
By dynamically restructuring the structure and size of the funds and debt through the portfolio, effective reduction in overall financial costs through more efficient use of funds to $979 million in 25h1, a 44 per cent decline over the same period. Companies have maintained a growth trend in net operating cash over the past three years, and capital spending on construction of major projects such as tfm and kfm comes from the company ' s own funds, thereby multiplying copper and cobalt production in a sound manner.
Net operating cash flows increased by 108 per cent to $32,387 million in 2024 on a year-on-year basis, increasing profits at a much higher rate than net profits, at a net rate of 2.39 per cent, and corporate cash flows were excellent, with net operating cash flows of 25h1 increasing by 11 per cent to $12,009 billion on a year-on-year basis.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm is one of the world’s largest copper and cobalt mines, the Brazilian sorghum is the world’s second largest orthopaedic mine, and China’s three mackerel mines are one of the world’s largest.
In the area of new energy, the company is involved in 30% of the nickel-cobalt project, thus achieving a complete copper-cobalt-nico layout. As of 2024, 100% of Ecuador’s Cangrejos gold mine was allocated, with gold resources, based on a pre-research report for 2023, with cangrejos gold resources of 638 tons and 359 tons of reserves.
A diversified, global portfolio of assets, and a resource-protected river. Companies are closely focused on energy transformation and technological revolutions, with new sources of metals and related metals. In the area of new energy metals, companies have a significant copper, cobalt, and a leading global producer of new energy metals, with unique and scarce product portfolios such as molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc., all have a leading industry.
(i) Copper and cobalt: resource endowments are excellent, and production expansion accelerates.
The company operates tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which are world-class resource projects with a range of 0.91 per cent of the grade of kfm cobalt, while the company operates tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with an interest of 80 per cent in tfm copper cobalt and 71.25 per cent in kfm copper cobalt mines.
At the end of 2024, the company had a total of 34.4445 million tons of copper, 271.78.9 million tons of equity resources, 12th in the world and 2nd in China; and cobalt resources.
By the first half of 2025, the company as a whole had 6 lines of production with an annual capacity of more than 650,000 tons of copper:
1) tfm (80% shareholding): In 2016, companies acquired 56% of tfm shares in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in 2017 raised tfm interests to 80%. The tfm mine has a large and high grade of copper and, as of late 2024, tfm has 301.394 million tons of copper resources @2.24%, cobalt resources 33132 million @0.25%, and is currently one of the top five copper mines in the world and the second highest in the world.
The tfm copper cobalt mine 10\\, \text{k} extension project, “an increase of 10,000 tons per day in ore disposal”, was completed in 2021. tfm equity issues were properly resolved in April 2023, and three production lines were completed for 3.5 million tonnes/year of mixed mine production lines, 3.3 million tonnes/year of oxide production lines and 5.6 million tonnes/year of mixed mine production lines; June 2024, as scheduled
2) kfm ( holding 71.25%): The company acquired 95% of the Congolese kfm in 2020 and introduced a strategic investment in 2021, transferring 25% of the shares and currently owning 71.25% of the interest. kfm is currently the world ' s first cobalt mine, with copper and cobalt mineral resources of tons@0.91%, and kfm is close to tfm and has synergies in development and operation.
In late 2022, the kfm project put in a pilot vehicle, with early output benefits of 2023q1 and production of 2023q2 to reach production. In 2024, the company ' s two major mining plants were fully released, with mineral copper production ranking for the first time among the top ten globally and mineral cobalt production ranking among the world ' s top.
With the full release of the capacity of the two major mines, the company produced 6502 million tons of copper in 2024, an increase of 55 per cent compared to the same year, and 1142 million tons of cobalt, an increase of 106 per cent compared to the same year;
High-grade and open-air mining, and the company’s two main copper and cobalt mines are extremely competitive. tfm and kfm are located in the best areas of the whole-world copper ore class, with two mines with a higher grade, both of which have a copper resource content of more than 1.88 per cent, significantly higher than the global average of 0.6 per cent of copper ore in 2024; the stacking company’s copper and cobalt ore is largely open-air mining, and therefore the company’s copper and cobalt mining costs are relatively high.
Low. The overall operational cost of tfm is currently 30 per cent of the global copper sector, while the cost of kfm is within the top 10 per cent. In the first half of 2025, tfm and kfm optimized process processes, carried out a number of intellectual micro-innovations, etc., and the quality of tfm products increased considerably, with costs falling significantly on a year-on-year basis, while the cost of kfm continued to stabilize high yields and costs continued to fall.
Release, the annual completion rate for kfm copper production significantly exceeded the median, with 25h1 achieving a 13 per cent increase in copper production and a 6.11 million increase in cobalt production. At the beginning of 2024, the company proposed to achieve an annual production of 800,000 to 1 million tons of copper metal by 2028, based on a new production expansion plan, the tfm Western Zone project and two new projects in Kfm, among which,
As an important complement to the additional capacity, tfm is accelerating the process optimization of the 15k smelting production line, studying the "tonne treatment uplifting plan". Kfm has launched a three-step move on "Mine selection for grinding up technology " , which is planned to raise treatment to new heights by the end of 2025.
The company accelerated the development of electricity projects such as the Heshima hydroelectric power station in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, providing adequate power security for a new round of capacity expansion. (ii) : the leading global producers of molybdenum, tungsten and technology have significant advantages.
Operation of two major molymines, which are engaged in molybdenum, tungsten metal selection, smelting, deep processing, scientific research, etc., with mining, mineral extraction, smelting, chemicals, etc. Upstream and downstream integration operations, with major products including molten, ammonium stale tungsten, tungsten concentrate and other related products, and recovery of by-products, minerals such as iron, copper, fluorescent, tungsten. As at the end of 2024, the company had a total of 8403 million tons of molten; tungsten resource metal volume
1) Sakakawa Triad Mine (100% share): in the territory of “China's Motsudu” County, it is part of the country's super-large combing deposits and is part of one of the world's three major smite mines, and China's second-largest white tungsten deposits. By the end of 2024, the smorghum mine had 23,866 tons of smites @0.087% and 10,633 million tons of tungsten tungsten @0.171%.
However, production costs are low, and there is still a competitive market advantage. 2) The sorghum mine in Sakakawa has a 55% share: it is owned by a joint company, the Fujikawa mine, and its production management is entrusted to the company, with the approval of the owner of the Togawa mine. The mine is located in the immediate vicinity of the three estates. It is rich in co-mingled iron ore.
By the end of 2024, the upper tweeding mine had 60.17 million tons of molybdenum @0.14%, and the iron resource 3.253 million tons @20.48%. In June 2024, the company proposed to sell at a price of 2.9 billion yuan the 65.1% interest in the east Gobi mine held from 2010.
Since the year of the acquisition, the Eastern Gobi mine has remained untapped. This trade is better able to focus on the development priorities of the group, improve the efficiency of capital distribution and sustain the foundations for stable and healthy growth.
Figure 21: Process technology cracks bottlenecks The company is the leading global producer of molybdenum, tungsten, and leads the technology. In recent years, the company’s production has been relatively stable, with annual production steady at about 1.4-16 million tons, and annual production of tungsten at about 0.8 million tons. In 2024, the company’s technology cracks bottlenecks, with three tungstenstens, upper tungsten, tungsten, and tungsten.
The recovery rate of molybdenum oxide from smelters is historically high. Although the prices of grade and molten moly are “double down”, the company has achieved a technological advantage by producing 15,396 tons of molybdenum in 2024, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year, tungsten production of 8,288 tons, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, a business income path, enhanced cost control, optimization of pharmaceutical research and process management, a similar increase in recovery rates for smelting and tungsten, and a similar increase in the cost of smelting.
In addition, integrated resource recovery has been promoted, sulphur recovery projects have been more effective, and sub-units in the China region have been followed up and promoted, resulting in new profits and gains. Figure 22: Changes in corporate molybdenum, tungsten production, Figure 23: Changes in corporate plate collection, Māori and Māori rates (millions of yuan)
(iii) Antiphosphorus: the second largest producer of americium worldwide and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil, continues to practice cmocbrasi, which operates in Brazil with an indirect interest of 100% of the Brazilian phosphorus business. The company operates cmocbrasi in Brazil, covering the extraction and processing of entropy ore, the main product being iron. The company’s phosphorus plate covers phosphorus.
Whole-industry chains, phosphorus mining is conducted in open-air mining, and the main products include: high-concentration phosphorus (map, gtsp), low-concentration phosphorus (ssg, ssp powder, etc.), animal feed supplement (dcp), intermediate-product phosphoric acid and sulphuric acid (mainly self-use) and related by-products (paste, fluorosilic acid). As of the end of 2024, the company had a total of 2,0483 million tons of thorium metal; and phosphorus resources.
nml quail mine (100% share): the mine covers the exploration, mining, refining, processing and sale of entropy, the main product being iron. As of the end of 2024, the Brazilian quartz mine had 2.0483 million neptunium resources @0.02%. 2) phosphorus mine (100% share): the mine covers the entire phosphorus chain, the phosphorus mining method is open-air mining,
The main products include: high concentrations of phosphorus (map, gtsp), low concentrations of phosphorus (ssg, ssp powder, etc.), animal feed supplement (dcp), intermediate products of phosphate and sulphuric acid (the main self-use of sulphuric acid) and related by-products (paste, fluorosilic acid). By the end of 2024, the Brazilian quartz mine had 80,0498 tonnes of phosphorous resources @10.42%.
The company is the second largest producer of phosphorus in the world and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil, and continues to implement efficiency gains. The annual production of phosphorus and phosphorus plates has been largely stable, with annual production of phosphorus of about 0.7 to 10 million tons and annual production of phosphorus of about 110 to 118 million tons. In 2024, Brazilian phosphorus, plate silicon and phosphorus production were historically high, at 10,024 tons and 118.05 tons, respectively.
Research results to accelerate the construction of the test site for the re-selection of the phosphorus plate and the industrial testing of the phosphorus plate to improve recovery and treatment rates, and to fine-tune the technical closure project.The production, recovery and sales of the phosphorous plate were over-budgeted, fully achieving the “half-time, half-task” target, of which the bvfr plant
The recovery rate at the bv plant has been the best in years. The downfalls have yielded solid results, with expenditures on bulk goods, logistics services and engineering services falling by the same amount. The 2025h1 company production of 5231 tons of zirconium, an increase of 3% over the same year, and the phosphorus production of 58.26 tons, a decrease of 0.1% over the same year, yielding operating income of $3.89 billion and a gross profit of $1.48 billion.
(iv) Gold: the potential for resources is high and the competitive advantage of development is significant; the acquisition of the Ecuadorian Kegohouse gold mine is promising. On June 26, 2025, the company announced the conclusion of a purchase deal with the company listed as lmina gold, thereby obtaining 100 per cent of the share of the Ecuadorian cangrejosproject.
As a major primary gold mining project, the Kai Goehaus gold mine is located in El Oro, south-west of Ecuador, at an altitude of about 1,100 metres above sea level, a well-known Andean multi-metal belt. According to a pre-research report in 2023, the mine holds 1,376 million tons of resources, with an average gold grade of 0.46g/t, containing gold metals.
638 tons; 659 million tons of reserves and an average gold grade of 0.55 g/t, with 359 tons of gold metal in it. Resources rank 28th in global gold deposits and 17th in global gold deposits to be exploited. Mines are expected to live for 26 years. Currently, the mine is still exploring within the limits of mine rights and at the depths of the mine, with some room for improvement in future resource reserves, based on preliminary research by company technicians.
The gold mine is located in the province of El Oro, south-west of Ecuador. It is well built, with low project development costs.
The development costs of 40 km of mouth, 20 km of large transformer stations, 8 km of high-speed roads and sufficient water sources will be extremely competitive. According to pre-research reports, the project offsets the cost of aisc (full maintenance costs) by by-products at approximately $671 per ounce, within 15% of the global gold aisc curve in 2024.
The company is continuing its work on the Kakohouse gold mine, which is expected to be operational by 2029 and will yield 11.5 tons per year. The company has formed a special group covering members of the production technology, project development, manpower, finance, and esg, to accelerate its efforts. According to the initial steps plan, the project plans to be operational by 2029, using open-air mining, with an annual production of about 11.5 tons of gold, to become part of the world’s large gold mines.
The company will use state-of-the-art technology to rapidly advance construction and create a large, low-cost world-class gold mine. According to the World Gold Association, Ecuador produces 24.3 tons of gold in 2024, and the project will raise the country’s gold production after delivery by close to three, counter-cyclical mergers and acquisitions of resource barriers, and mining trades will work together to improve efficiency.
(i) Reverse-cycle M&As, low-cost development companies have repeatedly and accurately grasped counter-cyclical expansion points to shape world-class mineral resource advantages. The history of mining development is essentially a M&A history.
Companies are also copying and innovating the trajectories. Based on a profound understanding and experience of the industry, companies are targeting the low valleys at a relatively low cost by targeting world-class mineral resources with open-air mining, large reserves, and high grade features, laying the basis for a competitive cost advantage.
The Npm copper gold mine in Australia, the simultaneous seizure of the Congolese tfm copper cobalt mine and the Brazilian phosphorus mine in 2016, the low acquisition of the kfm copper cobalt mine in 2020 and the subsequent increase in the price of metals after the merger were mostly translated into significant performance growth and market value increases. In 2025, the company acquired the Ecuadorian Kegohouse gold mine as its key asset in South America, and the company continued to expand its resource layout, depending on 2016.
Brazil’s experience in operating and reusing construction, development and operation of phosphorous mines facilitates synergies. Table 6: Companies displacing non-core assets for cage funding, focusing on core tracks, optimizing resource allocation. Efficient conversion of world-class deposits to production, and world-class copper-cobalt mining projects at the pace of leading industries.
Global, the average development cycle of mines has continued to rise, with the average delivery time of mines in operation between 2020 and 2024 reaching 17.8 years, from construction to production 2.1 years. The company will restore the “cost lead, profit-producing” capacity created by long-term grinding in Chinese mines to global mining areas, building world-class copper-cobalt mining projects at the pace of leading industries, and operating phase tfm in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The 10k project has been under construction for less than a year and a half, and the tfm-II and kfm-I projects have been in place for about two years. Figure 32: The mine development cycle is on the increase, with companies demonstrating significant advantages in capital efficiency through low-cost development strategies. bhp review of the capital intensity of the global project.
The survey showed a steady increase in the strength of palm land capital since 2010, with average palm land projects in Latin America for the period 2020-2025 amounting to $230,000 per ton and green land projects for $2.18 million per ton. Through strict cost controls, real capital expenditure was lower than budgeted in the tfm mixed and kfm phase: by the end of 2024, the tfm project was real
International investment of $2,116 million, with a budget of $2.51 billion, was as low as $106 million per ton per unit copper capacity in terms of additional 200,000 tonnes/year copper capacity; actual expenditure of $1,733 million per period in kfm, with a budget of $1,826 million, converted to 150,000 tonnes/year in terms of copper capacity, with a unit cost of $1.16 million per ton, further optimized from $19.3 million/t in terms of original design capacity.
Figure 33 Capital spending intensity of copper mining projects in Latin America
Note:sanctioned projects >50ktpycopperequivalent.yearrepresentsfirstprodition.source:woodmackenzie; q22024.datasetjustedbycompaniesreportsandsmiresearch.(ii) Mines+trade synergetic development towards modern mining models
In 2019, the Luoyang industry successfully acquired the world's known metal trader, sixm, to complete the extension and layout of the trade chain, and to achieve back-end improvements in the value chain. The sixm, based in Geneva, Switzerland, is the world's leading metal trader, whose main trading variety consists of copper, nickel, lead, zinc, cobalt, strontium, and sixm and its constituent units.
Constitutes a global metal trading network with operations in more than 80 countries around the world, with major fields of operation including China, Latin America, North America and Europe, while building up a globalized logistics and storage system.
On the other hand, based on its trade enforcement capacity and wind control mechanisms, it enhances operational efficiency, optimizes the market position and brand influence of the company’s products, and strives to achieve strategic synergies between trade and mining through a global distribution network and a solid partnership base. The two-wheeling model is not only designed to enhance the profitability of the enterprise, but also to promote the entire chain of industry.
Value uplifting, and ultimately achieving full chain control and integration from ores to commodities. Figure 34: Ixm operations cover more than 80 countries worldwide. Figure 35: Double-wheel drive of corporate “mines + trade”
In 2024, there was a steady increase in the volume of ixm, with the net profit of the mother continuing at a record high. By judging market supply and demand, it sought to capture price mismatches in terms of quality, geographical price differentials, forward price differentials, including the mineral metal trade and refined metal trade, where Māori was mainly derived from price differentials in processing/refining costs, and Māori in the latter ' s business was derived mainly from changes in premium prices and current arbitrage companies.
In 2024, Ixm’s operational efficiency continued to rise, accounting for 2.08% of the Māori in accordance with international standards, and achieved the highest level ever of 1.353 billion yuan. Companies have entered the “big development” phase of the “three-step” strategy, challenging the goal of creating a world-class economy:
1) In terms of reserve projects, companies will be able to release new production ladders over the next few years. In 2024, tfm and kfm collectively reached production expansion targets of 800,000 to 1 million tons in 2028. In terms of project planning and progress, kfm expansion will take place at the scheduled time; given its size, tfm will need to consider how systematic development can maximize its scale.
Another clear-cut incremental project, the 100% interest in the Ecuadorian Cangrejos gold mine acquired this year, is expected to be operational by 2023, with an average annual gold production of about 370,000 ounces (11.5 tons) by 2029. 2) At the same time, companies will be able to achieve sustainable expansion through extension and purchase. In terms of distribution of mineral varieties, the future will be dominated by copper and gold mines.
In terms of regional options, companies are actively searching for and negotiating with the world’s major mineral countries, including Africa and South America, and some new projects are expected to emerge in the future. In terms of the pace of development, it will cover production, expansion, and green land development resources.
Continuous adherence to global mining development patterns, M & As at the right time, sustained optimization of global resource mapping, corporate realization, figure 38: "Big leaps" in the company's three-step development path to the world's top class
The size of the enterprise, the level of cash flow reached new heights, the pool of talent and the project reserve “up steps” multiplied their capacity.
New requirements are met around priority areas and priority varieties, and around strategic visions, along with productivity improvements, to enable the workforce
Building up the world class of tfm, kfm, etc.
It's been hammered in the eyes and in the quality of the projects, and through organizational upgrading and global control models, it's more modern governance.
To create, build systems, improve the machinery, control the companies, clear lines of responsibility, boundaries, nesting, attracting the elites of the mining industry.
Clarifying, global governance is comprehensive, four, copper: supply narrative continues, demand logic provides copper action capability (i) mining supply is more restrictive and supports copper prices
In 2025, the supply of minerals was volatile, with a tight and expected decline from the beginning of the year. Since the beginning of the year, the mineral state has focused on copper and copper production of 3,756,000 tons, an increase of 3.6 per cent compared to the previous year, influenced by declining grade levels, mine earthquakes, production accidents, overhauls, etc. Glencore, ivanhoe, tick, nornickel, and the production plans of the Codelco five companies, which were reduced by 239,000 tons compared to the beginning of the year.
Woodmac is expected to increase global copper supply by 135,000 tons in 2025 (+0.6% compared to the previous year), which is expected to grow at a lower rate in the long run or at a lower rate due to insufficient capital spending, the ageing of mines, extreme weather, etc. The lack of capital investment in recent years, the tightening of resource-country policies have slowed the development of new copper projects, and the ageing of mines, extreme weather, etc.
A number of factors will influence mining in the medium to long term and constrain effective supply, with global copper supply growth projected at 78.8, 806,000 tons in 2026-2027, at 3.4 and 3.3 per cent, increasing global smelting capacity and widening the copper gap due to insufficient supply at the end of the mine.
Three hundred and thirty-three million tons of additional capacity, of which 1.82 million tons were released by smelters in 2025, has limited capacity and real production at the mine level is highly uncertain, or only 135,000 tons more. Smelting capacity increases more than in the copper mine, and the supply of the mine has widened the raw material gap.
Spent copper is a key complement to raw materials, but tariff policies have blocked United States imports, and domestic supplies of spent copper are equally tight. In the context of the persistent shortage of copper concentrate supplies, scrap copper has become an important complement to raw materials.
In January-July 2025, China imported 133,000 tons of scrap copper from the United States, a sharp decline of 50 per cent from the previous year to 10 per cent. In January-July, China imported 133,000 tons of scrap copper, a cumulative decline of 0.6 per cent from the previous year. The increase in imports of scrap copper from Thailand (a cumulative increase of 70,000 tons) and Japan (a cumulative increase of 15,000 tons) was partly offset by a tightening of the supply of scrap copper.
The core contradiction lies in the fact that US sources are hard to access due to trade barriers, and in the fact that European markets are resource-constrained and highly priced. On the domestic copper supply side, in August, four ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued a circular on the implementation of policies to regulate the procurement of investments (document No. 770), which would have relied on policy preferences to obtain low-cost copper raw materials.
The start of the decline in production has led to a tight supply of solar panels, and the smm’s projected opening rate for September without copper concentrates (screw copper or anodes) has been negative for spot tcs, increased losses for domestic smelters, and increased possibilities for reduction in production at copper smelters and the tight supply of raw materials for transmission to electrolytic copper. Current copper concentrate processing fees (tc) have continued to be explored at around US$ 40/tonne, triggering large losses in the smelter industry overseas.
Following the suspension of the Pasar and altonorte copper smelters under the capacitor, China's Central Mineral Resources Group announced the suspension of its operations at the tsumeb copper smelters in Namibia, highlighting the globalization of industry pressures. Global copper refining production reached 14.24 million tons in January-June 2025, an increase of 3.3 per cent compared with the increase of 7,822,000 in January-July, according to Mystel.
Tons, an increase of 14.1% over the same period, while domestic smelters are partially supported by high prices of sulphuric acid to mitigate loss pressures, antofagastaga labor negotiations have fallen to zero, port copper concentrate stocks are relatively low, smelter losses are at further downside risk, and production will be reduced or increased. In the medium and long term, the “anti-intra-bull” policy will gradually lead the smelters to a strict control of production capacity, and the future of the mineral balance will be the spears.
The shield is expected to be phased out. Figure 43: China ' s copper refiner processing fees (US$/tonne) Figure 44: Global copper refining monthly production (thousands of tonnes)
Figure 46: China ' s copper concentrate port stocks are at a relatively low level. Figure 45: China ' s monthly electrolytic copper production (tonnes) (ii) demand is resilient and structural bright spots in emerging areas remain.
In the face of external tariff shocks, the domestic economy remains resilient and export predatory, and domestic demand for copper is better. In the first half of the year, the gdp achieved 5.3% growth, exceeding the economic growth target of around 5% of the year, with policies that are more robust and more robust, leading to a sustained recovery in the economy.
The cumulative rate of increase was 5.9%, and 1.2pc more than in the same period last year. The domestic demand for electrolytic copper was 9.35 million tonnes in January-July 2025, with cumulative completion of $428.8 billion, or +3%; the domestic end of power, with 1,834,600 air conditioners produced in January-July, or +5%, of which exports were equal to + 4%, influenced by the first half of the year ' s demand front, the withdrawal of energy efficiency subsidies in parts of the country, and the high base effect, which was vacant in September.
The production of 1,075,000 units was adjusted, a decline of 12 per cent from the production performance during the same period last year; at the end of the property, 250 million square metres of housing were completed in January-July, corresponding to 17 per cent, and the demand for copper continued to drag on; in the new energy sector, 53.7gw of wind power was added in January-July, corresponding to 79 per cent, and in the new energy sector, the market-based changes in grid prices stimulated photovoltage, and 223.3gw of light voltage in January-July, corresponding to 81 per cent of domestic consumption policy.
Jin, in January-July, the new energy car produced 8.049,000 vehicles, or 33% of the year, followed by the 14th of July. After this year, the grid was invested in over $825 billion, and the grid is expected to remain high, while the “two news” and subsidy policies continue to boost household power and car consumption, but the consumption boom or marginal erosion of the policy is accompanied by a downward trend in light-voltage reloading.
Global manufacturing pmi temperature and recovery, but trade friction risk increases or drags up subsequent copper demand. The global manufacturing pmi rebounded to 50.9% in August (up from 49.7%), bringing back not only to the expansion zone, but also to 14 months of new heights. Major developed and emerging economies, such as the US, Japan, and South Africa, have moved up at different scales, with the eurozone manufacturing pmi returning to more than 50%; and the United States is still low.
At 50% (48.7%), but the new order index has changed positively. The recent US trade agreements with Vietnam, the EU, Japan, etc., have resulted in different degrees of adjustment in tariff levels.
Rapidly, it is expected to provide an increase in demand and the impact of trade friction. As artificial intelligence develops, data centres are rapidly being built around the world.
The potential for growth in the demand for copper in emerging areas is considerable, with further adjustments in the global energy structure and the boom in the digital economy. Copper is used in source and digital economy areas, specifically new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, wind power, and copper in data centres.
At the end of demand, the global manufacturing pmi temperature and recovery, and despite increased trade friction risk or delays in subsequent copper use, the copper demand structure is undergoing a new and old energy shift, with rapid growth in new and emerging areas represented by new energy sources and the digital economy.
On the whole, we expect a 49,000 tons shortfall in global demand for electrolytic copper in 2025. Trade flows reversed when US tariff 232 landed, and copper prices returned to basic pricing. On July 30, Trump announced a price increase for copper products.
The 50% high tariff will be applied only to copper-processing materials, such as copper pipes, wires, cables, and copper-intensive products, while copper-based raw materials, such as copper concentrate, copper, copper, waste copper, are explicitly excluded. Previously, the market generally agreed that the tariff would apply to all copper products, including copper concentrate, copper, copper, etc.
And this change in policy to exclude copper raw materials such as copper concentrate, copper, copper, copper scrap, etc., quickly flattens the price premium between the US comex and the price of bronze, with cox falling by more than 17.9% per day.
The US copper “breathing effect” retreats, and the global flow of refined copper will return to balance. Given the high import dependency of the US for refined copper and copper, high tariffs on copper will continue to create a gap in US copper elements, while the replenishment of copper raw materials may be partially cushioned against the pressure on copper excess stocks.
In the short term, the winding down of the season is expected, and copper prices are expected to rise. If document 770 is fully landed, the cost of the waste copper tax will rise, and the supply of sunny copper will become more stressful and the supply will increase until the end of the year. In addition, smm statistics indicate that five smelters in the country will have a programme of overhaul in September, involving a crude production capacity of 1 million tons; and that the smelters with a plan for overhaul will reach the end of October.
Six. With the combined effect of a shortage of raw materials and planned repairs, domestic copper production is expected to decrease in September, and may continue to be low in October. On the demand side, the traditional “Golden 10” season is opened, downstream orders are expected to warm up, and copper consumption is expected to rise.
In the medium- and long-term, copper prices are expected to rise steadily, driven by supply constraints, loose liquidity, and global economic recovery. Copper mining, with disruption to normality, is a constraint on effective supply, and there will be limited future new global copper investment projects, expected to take place in 2025-2027.
Supply growth is 0.6%/3.4%/3.3%, while smelting capacity is released and the mine ' s tightness is hard to change. The copper supply gap surged in 2025, and the mine gap will either widen further thereafter, and we estimate that the price of lme copper will need to rise by more than $1.25 million/t in order to stimulate large-scale capital spending on copper exports and supply constraints to support copper prices. At the demand side, global manufacturing pmi temperature and recovery, despite trade frictions.
Risk increases or drags on subsequent copper demand, but the structural bright spots of demand from new energy transformations and copper use in data centres will have an impact on trade frictions. Under a global wave of interest, abundant liquidity and the devaluation of monetary credit will change the value of industrial non-ferrous metals commodities, while liquidity easing will often point to the reheating of subsequent manufacturing pmi, with copper as a cyclical breed following the macroeconomy, accompanying China through China.
Greater recognition of global economic recovery supported by policies, with demand logic giving copper a stronger incentive to rise. Figure 62: The trend in copper prices tends to lag behind the liquidity cycle, Figure 63: Follow-up to manufacturing warming in light financial conditions
Cobalt: The gap in raw materials is gradually becoming apparent, the space for valuation increases is available and (i) the Democratic Republic of the Congo has suspended cobalt exports, triggering a contraction in the supply of Congolese cobalt reserves and production, all of which are the world's leading contributors to the global supply of cobalt.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is the largest producer of cobalt, benefiting from the increased capacity of the Congolese cobalt mines under the Los Angeles mammoth industry, and from the 220,000 tons of Congolese cobalt produced in 2024, representing global cobalt production, with the remaining countries, Australia, Indonesia, Cuba and the Philippines, accounting for 15.5 per cent, 5.8 per cent, 4.5 per cent and 2.4 per cent of total reserves, respectively.
Seventy-six per cent; Indonesia, as the second largest producer of cobalt, with 28,000 tons of cobalt, or 9.7 per cent of global mineral production, increased production driven by a number of high-pressure acid leaching (hpal) projects.225 The Democratic Republic of the Congo cobalt export ban marked the first time that the country had effectively intervened through administrative means in the global drilling market balance.
A similar ban was attempted in the course of the year, but was delayed by a shortage of electricity and a lack of smelting capacity; this time, by the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Strategic Mineral Market Regulatory Authority on 22 June, it covered industry, semi-industrial, small-scale and artisanal mining, and was accompanied by a number of accompanying reforms, including the promotion of indigenous cobalt refining capacity-building and the improvement of transparent pricing systems to enhance the country ' s bargaining power in the global battery metal value chain.
Stockpiles remained adequate, and on 21 June the ban was further extended by the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s arecoms for a period of three months. Reflecting the Government ' s determination to regulate market supply, in contrast to earlier policies, it highlighted its strategic intent — to absorb surplus stocks, limit supply prices and reverse the downward trend in fiscal revenues (the Government ' s revenue from tax revenues from resources has been significantly reduced by cobalt prices since 2022), while intensifying it.
Indonesia’s mhp growth is high, but it is still difficult to offset the decline in supply as a result of the Democratic Republic of the Congo cobalt ban. According to Cobaltinstituute, the mixed hydrogen oxide deposition (mhp) produced by Indonesia’s high-pressure acid leaching project is an intermediate product containing both nickel and cobalt, usually between 8 and 10:1.
Production totalled 22,480,000 tons of metal, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period; in the second half of the year, the concentration of new production in Indonesia was a core driver, with projects such as Morning Ribbon, Blue Flames and others coming into production in three quarters, adding to existing projects such as Greenme, Esg, and the production of mhp or close to 500,000 tons of metal throughout the year in Indonesia, an increase of more than 30 per cent over the same period. According to estimates of Congolese cobalt production in 2024, the seven-month ban on exports will affect about 128,000 tons globally.
Cobalt supply, although Indonesia’s cobalt production is expected to maintain a high rate of growth driven by the release of mhp capacity, the increase in cobalt in India, based on the nickel-cobalt ratio, is unlikely to offset the decline in supply brought about by the Congolese cobalt ban. The export ban policy has been effective, and cobalt prices have increased significantly.
The overall increase in cobalt products during the ban period was over 40 per cent, while the increase in cobalt intermediates was 108 per cent, while the June extension was reduced to a single-digit number, reflecting the existence of policy expectations in the market. Nevertheless, the price of cobalt has risen significantly compared to the pre-prohibition levels, and to date China has seen an increase of 64 per cent, 98 per cent, and 98 per cent, respectively, in the markets for cobalt electrolysis, cobalt sulphate and cobalt tetraoxide, respectively, compared with the February ban.
During March-May of the year, with the arrival of offshore stocks shipped prior to the entry into force of the Democratic Republic of the Congo export ban, China's inventory of drilling intermediates continued to accumulate, with cru estimating that by the end of June the total domestic stock stood at approximately 85,000 tons of gold. With the completion of the pre-shipment stock and the extension of the ban until the end of September, taking into account shipping times, the Democratic Republic of the Congo's remaining raw materials were not expected to be replenished by January 2026.
The smelting enterprise faces an increasing risk of feedstock diversion, which will accelerate the consumption of existing stocks. Figure 68: Cobalt price trends: (ii) Lithium battery demand dominates, with major increases in the area of electric vehicles
Lithium battery demand is the largest in cobalt use, mainly in new energy vehicles and portable equipment. Global cobalt consumption amounted to 222,000 tons in 2024, an increase of 14 per cent compared to the previous year, up from nearly three years, with a core increase in power cell and portable electronic equipment, a consumption of 95,000 tons in electric vehicles, a demand rise to 43 per cent and a demand of 67,000 tons in portable electronics.
Combined batteries have contributed to 94% growth in cobalt demand. It is worth noting that, with the increase in demand for lithium phosphate batteries, particularly in the Chinese market, the proportion of cobalt-containing cell chemistry in the overall market fell to 49% in 2024 compared to 56% in 2023. Moreover, high-temperature alloys remain the largest portion of non-cell applications, supporting about 8% of cobalt demand.
The new energy car landscape is still strong, and consumer electronics are being boosted. Since this year, China’s new energy car market has continued to grow at a high rate in the context of the New Deal + the acquisition tax credit, with a cumulative increase of 80,490 million vehicles in January-July 2025, or 33%. The Association predicts that China’s new energy vehicle sales in 2025 are expected to reach 16 million vehicles, a high increase in the same year.
On the other hand, China has introduced a 3c consumer subsidy policy that boosts the demand for 3c electronic consumption, producing 490 million smartphones in January-July 2025, an increase of 2.3% over the same period. The demand for consumption of cobalt is expected to recover from the need to increase the capacity of single-cell batteries at the end.
Cobaltinstitute predicts that by 2030, the total cobalt demand will reach 7%, and the demand for the cobalt market will exceed 400,000 tons. Of this, the market share in the electric car sector will increase from 43% in 2024, with the US collecting and drilling to strengthen its autonomous supply chain, and the European Union declaring its “European Rearmament Plan” to drive the military drilling needs.
Drilling is essential for a range of applications in the military system and can be used for ammunition, jet engines, aircraft carriers, etc. The Department of Property (dla) of the Ministry of Defence issued a tender document on 21 August US-East Time to procure approximately 7,480 tons of alloy-grade cobalt over the next five years to secure the supply of raw materials for key components of military equipment, with a total contract value of up to $500 million.
This is the first large-scale procurement of cobalt as a strategic reserve since the end of the cold war in 1990. Due to the high concentration of cobalt supplies, the Democratic Republic of the Congo supply in 2024 accounted for 75.9 per cent of the world ' s supply in 2024.
China dominated the refining process, accounting for 78.6% of the world in 2024, forcing the US to rebuild its autonomous supply chain through storage. On the other hand, in March, the EU launched a “rearming Europe” program to mobilize 800 billion euros to build a “safe and resilient Europe,” which included loans of 150 billion euros to EU member states for defence investment, and assistance to member states in integrating needs and co-procurement forces.
In the context of heightened geopolitical tensions, the scale of global military spending will drive the global supply of cobalt raw materials to 252,000 tons per year, and demand-side global consumption of refined cobalt will increase or remain at a moderate or flat level. We expect a small excess of refined cobalt throughout the year, about 10,000 tons, an improvement over the margin of 50,000 tons in 24 years.
Recovering, and controlling exports at 10,000 tons/month, Anteco expects a global supply of 260,000 tons of cobalt raw materials in 2026, assuming an increase of 10% in consumption over the same period, and taking into account recovery rates, the cobalt market in 2026 will be converted from surplus to a basic balance of supply and demand. Based on Democratic Republic of the Congo policy regulation and increased demand for national military, industrial, and strategic reserves, such as in the United States, the price of cobalt will continue to rise.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, for its global cobalt supply, extended the ban until the end of September or caused a shortfall in the supply of at least 128,000 tons of raw materials, and the Indonesian mhp project, although released, could not fill the gap. In June-July, China ' s imports of intermediate products from the Congolese cobalt-wet smelting industry fell by 41.7 per cent and 72.9 per cent, respectively. In the context of a reduction in the supply of imported raw materials, the demand for electronics and automobiles will be high in September-October, adding up to the domestic industrial chain.
In addition, the United States is re-establishing its cobalt resource reserve system with a strong sense of urgency, with the aim of reducing external dependence on the supply chain, enhancing defence self-assurance, and further highlighting the strategic value of cobalt. If the Democratic Republic of the Congo resumes cobalt exports and adopts an export quota system, demand at the end of the future will continue to grow well in the context of supply regulation, with high strategic attributes for the accumulation of cobalt.
The company has world-class mineral resources, the Congo tfm is one of the world’s largest copper and cobalt mines, the kfm is the world’s first large cobalt mine, the Brazilian sorghum mine is the world’s second largest, and the Chinese triads are one of the world’s largest molten fields.
On the basis of the following assumptions, we expect the company to achieve operating income of $21,572,269,282.2 million in 2025-2027, resulting in a net profit of 68,71/78 million, or 12.2, 12.4, 13.6 tons of cobalt measured by copper and cobalt, respectively; the remaining production of molybdenum, tungsten, thorium, and phosphorus is largely stable. We assume that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has given the company a 60% quota for cobalt exports, while the remaining metal sales are equal to production.
2) Prices: A complete and persistent contradiction in the supply of copper, domestic economic recovery, improved global liquidity, good copper prices, corporate performance driven by copper and cobalt products, we have selected the purple gold mining, gold integrity, colouring of bronze in the copper industry, as well as the remote cobalt extraction industry in the main industry, cobalt salt, electricity copper, etc., as comparable companies; in 2025 - 2027, the average arithmetic value of comparable company pe was respectively.
17.7/14.5/12.6x. Considering that the company, as the leader of the domestic copper industry, has the low-cost development capacity to convert resource reserves into production, the main power tfm&kfm copper and cobalt mine enters the production release harvest period, the future expansion of capacity is clearly planned and easily achievable, the growth path is clear, and given the company ' s relatively stable profitability and sustained net operating cash flow, we use the fcff method to make an absolute valuation, and I
The company, as a global mining giant, relies on its world-class mineral resources and the two-wheel drive model of “mine plus trade”, which leads in the field of key metals such as copper, cobalt, etc.; the diversified resource mix of tungsten, molybdenum, molybdenum, phosphorus, gold assets has a countercyclical advantage.
Annual copper production is the top ten in the world, drilling production is the highest in the world, with subsequent expansion projects advancing and capacity release, with copper production expected to reach 80 to 1 million tons per year in 2028. Benefiting from the supply gap caused by the Democratic Republic of the Congo export ban, companies have significant cobalt elasticities, stacked copper prices are available in the face of mine scarcity and ease of liquidity, the ability to act under global economic repair, copper and cobalt operations are expected to rise at full cost, and companies are profitable.
1) Risk of a domestic recovery less than expected: demand for non-ferrous metals is closely linked to macroeconomic performance and, if the domestic economy recovers slower than expected, may affect demand for non-ferrous metals and lead to a fall in prices of non-ferrous metals; 2) Risk of the Fed falling less than expected: if the Fed falls less and less frequently than the market expects, it may lead to a dollar run-off
(c) The risk that downstream demand for non-ferrous metals will fall short of expectations: non-ferrous new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, wind-loading machines, etc.
A slowdown in the pace of growth may exacerbate the up-and-down game, leading to pressure on non-ferrous metal prices; 4) The risk of a sharp fall in the price of non-ferrous metals: non-ferrous metal prices are affected by multiple factors, such as the global economic situation, monetary policy, supply and demand patterns, which may put significant pressure on the operation of non-ferrous metals if they lead to large price fluctuations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.