\triangleright, 25/08/2025
Four hundred and ninety-six million yuan, an increase of 35.71 per cent in the same year and 22.10 per cent in the ring. Performance was in line with previous performance forecasts.
The rise in the price of phosphorus and the increase in the gross gross domestic product of the tiles by $290 million to $1.85 billion on a year-on-year basis has benefited from the increase in the price of the titanium.2 Fair value changes: most of the increases in the fair value of financial instruments derived from trade operations have occurred on a year-on-year basis.
There are 13.14 million tons of cobalt in storage. We expect the copper inventory to be in transit, while the cobalt inventory will be the part of the research assistant, Yuan Ho, that cannot be sold after the ban on cobalt exports has been imposed by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and it will be gradually reversed if the ban is lifted and sales restored.
A single quarter shows a 41% increase in the net profit on the parent of 2025q2 and a 20% increase in the ring. The increase in the profit ring \triangleright was mainly due to a $2.74 billion increase in the fair value change ring and the trading of the profit portion of the future end
This is offset by a decrease of $2.27 billion in the ring ratio at the spot end. As a result of the Democratic Republic of the Congo cobalt export ban, the q2 cobalt plate is Māori: the purchase of gold to build a second-growth curve, the management adjustment of the ring is $1.1 billion less, the most important reason for the decline in Māori at the end of the mine.
\triangleright 2. Luoyang molybdenum (603993.sh) 2024 annual report depth: copper and cobalt resonance, twin stars glowing 2025/03/23
3. Developments in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh) report: Cobalt King 2 Cobalt Cobalt price resonance, which is expected to continue to grow.3 The acquisition of large offshore green land gold mines opened up a second-growth curve. The project, using low-skinning versus open-air mining, reached an estimated average of 11.5 tons of gold per year and 19,000 copper per year after delivery.
4. Performance forecast for 2024 in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh). According to the report, the project is expected to speed up the processing and construction preparations, with production planned for 2029.
4 Managers adjust to a new chapter. The new Chairman and senior management team are reshuffled. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
2-point rating: higher volume and higher performance re-innovation The company achieved $94,773 million in revenue in the first half of 2025, a decrease of 7.83 per cent in the same year, and a change in the value of the net profit of the parent. The growth of Māori was largely due to an increase in sales of copper and cobalt and related commodity prices.
Cost of $979 million, or 43.96 per cent less than year-on-year, has decreased significantly, mainly as a result of the decline in the size of borrowings, with interest expenditure falling in the current period compared to the same period in the previous year; the change in fair value has increased by $1,894 million compared with the gain in the same period, mainly the increase in the fair value of derivatives derived from trading operations in the current period.
Prices: The price of metals has risen or declined, the average price of copper has risen significantly in the year, the price of phosphorus and cobalt has risen significantly, and the company has collected 31,446 million yuan (kfm+tfm), mainly as a result of the increase in the price of copper and cobalt. Other plates: the price of tungsten, the price of phosphorus has risen significantly, and the price of molybdenum is running steadily.
The same-year change +1.37 per cent, the increase in the price of tungsten is marked by a reduction in production and a tight supply and demand pattern in the mines. The annual average price of the ammonium phosphorus/phosphate in the barcide plate is -0.17 per cent/+18.60 per cent, respectively.
The highest rate was 56.1 per cent, followed by tungsten, 55.7 per cent. Cobalt and cobalt plates: production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm and kfm was “half-timed, half-task.” tfm mid-area operations were more efficient and production in the east continued. Company 2025h1 copper and cobalt plate copper/cobalt metal production
Of this, new projects have been steadily moving forward, tfm has completed geological modelling related to the exploration of mineral bodies, and kfm II has been actively preparing. During the reporting period, mining ends achieved business income of $31,446 million, an increase of 29.05% over the same period, and operating costs of $14,112 million.
(a) Pocket: The yield of the thorium has declined and the recovery rate of the mine selection has increased on a year-to-year basis. 2025h1 molybdenum/tungsten metal production process management, the recovery rate of molybdenum and tungsten selection has increased on a year-to-year basis; the cost of molybdenum has decreased on a year-to-year basis. During the reporting period, the plate seized market opportunities and generated an operating income of $4.06 billion at the tip of the mine, an increase of 4.71 per cent over the same period;
Industry costs of 2,219 million yuan, a decrease of 4.67 per cent over the same period. phosphorus plates: production, recovery and sales of phosphorus plates were over-budgeted. 2025h1 tons/phosphorus production was 5231 tons/58.26 million tons, compared to 2.94 per cent/-0.12 per cent, and the year-round plan was completed (directive).
2025h1, where sales of tungsten, strontium, and phosphorus were better off, while sales of cobalt and refined metal products were significantly lower than before, mainly as a result of the ban on cobalt exports imposed by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Some of the products benefited from higher production and increased sales of phosphorus, which were significantly higher in the first half of 2025.
In terms of stocks, stocks of phosphorus and cobalt have risen significantly in the same year, while stocks of most other products have declined in the same year. The plate shows a significant increase in copper and cobalt, a slight decline in thallium, and an increase in phosphorus stability.
Cobalt and Cobalt plate: The core pillar is strong and the contribution of Māori has increased significantly. As the company’s top source of profit, 2025h1 copper products have generated business income of 25.718 billion yuan, Māori 13.793 billion yuan and Māori tons, a decline in the same ratio, but the overall profit of the plate is strong.
phosphorus plate: Quantified lithium, with a significant increase in Māori. Business income for phosphorous products from 2025h1 was 2,114 million yuan, a significant increase. Sales of phosphorus products were 5462 tons, an increase of 5.48 per cent over the same year, and stocks decreased by 18.91 per cent over the same year.
Sales were affected, while copper prices were historically high in the second quarter of last year. Billions of dollars. Gains are mainly derived from fair value changes (+2,742 million dollars).
The cobalt market is operating at a high level as a result of the ban on Congolese cobalt exports and the decline in market stock levels, while other plates: 2025q2 tungsten prices, molybdenum prices, phosphorus prices, strontium price changes from year to year + 10.4 per cent, 2.0 per cent, growth of 12.3 per cent, tungsten prices are expected to remain at historically high levels; and in Brazilian phosphorus plates, pyrophos/phosphorus
Volume: Copper phosphorous q2 production increased more than in the same year, while cobalt sales decreased in the same year. 1988/22.2 million tons of copper/cobalt metal were sold in q2 copper plates, respectively, with a change in the ring ratio. Trade plates: 84.69.2999 million tons of q2 concentrates and refined metals were sold in 2025, respectively, with a link ratio of 84.69.2999 million tons.
The company's management has been significantly adjusted. The company has previously issued an announcement, and its chairman, Yuan Honglin, and vice-president, and chief investment officer, Li Chongchun, resigned. On 25 April, the company convened a board of directors to consider the matter of hiring additional senior executives and agreed to appoint Mr. Xing as Vice-President and Chief Operations Officer, Mr. Liu Jianfeng as Chief Investment Officer, and Mr. Kennyives as Chief Investment Officer.
On May 30, the company convened a board of directors to elect Liu Jianfeng as its Chairman, and recruited Chen Heung-hoon as its Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. The two major mines came into operation, the assets became stronger, and the managers’ adjustments marked the company’s move to a new chapter.
The upgrading of the mind management team is not a one-time phenomenon, but rather an initiative based on an in-depth understanding of the nature of the mining industry and the stage of company development, to choose a full-scale organizational upgrade under the company’s best performance in its history.
In fact, a comprehensive overhaul and renewal of the organization and management cadres at a new stage in history marks the end of the era of a phased and functional management team, followed by a sophisticated management approach for modern mining enterprises. So, the core management team is strengthened, and the new leadership team is the starting point for the middle and first.
Line operators form an ideal and field-based practical team to lay the groundwork for a new round of development in the Luoyang industry. With the adjustment of personnel, it may be desirable to follow up on the new staff holdings.
The potential of the two major mines is high, and the next five years will be a significant increase. As the tfm mixed or kfm copper or cobalt mine is phased out, taking into account the fact that forward planned increases begin to be phased out in 26 years, and with 24 years of production over-phased results, production capacity in the East continues to be released, the quality of the product has improved considerably, with costs significantly lower than last year;
Kfm continues to maintain high productivity, costs continue to decline, and new construction projects are under active preparation. The Congo Heshima hydroelectric power station and new energy power projects are well under way, providing long-term stability for future capacity upgrading.
The result of the art optimization was the promotion of technological adaptation projects such as 17k process adjustment in the Eastern Region to further enhance production capacity and reduce costs; kfm accelerated the promotion of specialized activities, improved product processes, increased exploration efforts, and increased resource reserves; acquired large offshore green land gold mines, creating a second-growth curve. The company acquired $581 million in cash and cash.
The target is 100% of Lumina gold. 100% holds the cangrejos gold mining project in Ecuador.
359 tons of gold metal in the core. Life expectancy for future mines is expected to be 26 years. Production: low-extraction versus open-air mining, up to an estimated average of 11.5 tons of gold and 19,000 tons of copper produced per year after delivery.
The project is mined over a 26-year period, with an average annual yield of 11.5 tons of gold, 7.2 tons of silver, 19,000 tons of copper and 14.5 tons of gold equivalent. The peak yield (after delivery 16) is 21.7 tons of gold and 42,000 tons of copper. The average recovery rate is assumed to be 85% of gold and 78.9% of copper and 54% of silver.
It was reported that the project was accelerating the processing and construction preparations, with production planned to take place by 2029. Figure 16: Changes in the production and extraction ratio during the project production cycle
Cost and benefits: Based on pre-research reports, the cost of operating a mine unit within the life cycle is $818 per ounce of gold equivalent, assumed to be $1650 per ounce of gold, $20 per ounce of silver, $3.75 per pound of copper, 17.2 per cent for project Irrr and $2,238 million for npv (5 per cent discount).
Copper prices are far higher than assumed, and actual projects are higher, irr and npv. 3 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) projects are not progressing as expected. Companies still have growth projects in the future, and construction of these projects requires significant investment.
Human and material resources will have a profit impact if some unexpected and unexpected impacts lead to the project not progressing as expected. 2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce large commodities, transparent prices, copper, copper, copper, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus have a significant impact on corporate profitability if macroeconomic acceleration is maintained, or if the price of metals falls as a result of the massive release of supplies. 3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread out in China, Congo, Brazil, Indonesia, Ecuador.
If local governments change the direction of their market policies, or if policies are introduced to raise taxes on mining companies, laws are enacted against mining companies abroad, etc., there is a risk that the company’s interests will be compromised and that the company’s profitability will be exposed to exchange rate risk. Companies are spread across the globe, involving more assets in foreign currency, although exchange rates are used.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.