During the reporting period, corporate fluid operations achieved $4.399 billion in operating income, a slight decline over the same period.
Step optimization, with an increase of 2.87 percentage points in the ratio of closed fluids. Stocking of key products, such as sodium chloride injector fluids, has led to a significant increase in sales earnings. Companies in the non-infusion sector achieved operating income of $4.14 billion, an increase of 19.23 per cent, and Māori, a decrease of 2.31 percentage points.
Of these, substantial increases in product sales income, such as the Dalpatin tablets, the non-platinum plates of the hydrochloric acid harvest, the injection of purple sapol (teprotein combination), the propofol/Long-chain fat milk fluids, the Englelei net film, etc., were strongly supported in the company's subsequent performance; and there was good performance in the field of antibiotics intermediates and raw materials.
As of this date, 36 products from the company have been introduced into the national collection, covering more than 10 disease areas.
Companies are expected to increase their profitability further, as pharmaceutical products are marketed. Research and development investment continues to increase, and innovation platforms are recognized by internationally renowned pharmaceutical companies.
9.24%. In the area of research and development of innovative medicines, the Collon Innovative Line is working on 33 projects, of which 14 have entered the clinical research phase and have formed an anti-cancer phase, with a combination of autoimmune, anesthesia, and Shen Man.
During the reporting period, Columboterson entered into two cooperation agreements with msd for two adc drugs with a total value of over $2.3 billion, as well as an exclusive, paid license, and the corporate innovation platform was recognized by an internationally recognized pharmaceutical company to highlight Future Products International.
On August 25, 2022, the company released the Draft Staff Holdings Plan 2022, which provides an incentive for the core management and core R & D/tech cadres of the Collen Institute of Drugs, overall.
There are no more than 121 people in the company. The company has set performance targets to show confidence in its future performance and to retain its core skills while increasing its motivation for innovation.
The industry is the leading industry in the country, with a competitive advantage in the antibiotic industry chain, which promotes innovation, good progress in corporate research and development, continued use of new drugs, and high future growth in company performance.
This report is not intended for citizens or residents of any area, country, or other jurisdiction in which China Securities Company Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or could subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, acquiring or using this report. The copyrights of the material in this report are Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.