In mid-2022, it was reported that innovation had gradually materialized, leading the business of liquids, non-infusion drugs had become sound, intermediates and raw materials had gone up. In the area of fluids, 2,022h1 had achieved operating income of $4.399 billion, a drop of 4.5 per cent, compared to the previous period; the structure of the infusion product continued.
Optimization, with an increase of 2.87 percentage points in the share of closed fluids and an increase in profit contributions; non-loss; influenced by external factors such as recurring new coronary outbreaks, national and local collections; antibiotics intermediates and raw materials, with an increase of $1,984 million in operating income from 202H1 Ishakawa Ning and his subsidiaries.
▪ The innovation was recognized by msd, Ishakawaning continues to grow. The price of the main product of Ishashakawanin rose steadily, and Ishashakawaning and his subsidiary realized operating income of 1.984 billion yuan, which increased by $370 million in revenue, increasing the net profit attributable to the parent company.
Payment of $17 million, $18 million and $30 million to msd. Collon Pharmacy (002422); Performance-influenced multi-purpose products entering the clinical stage of registration.
The effects are evident in the creation of the generic product set as follows: 1)a167pd-l1 unit resistance: completion of ii-lycium nada for nasal cancer; promotion of nasal iii phase for cancer; 2) a166her2-adc: advancement of her2+ Keyii for breast cancer
Pre-nda submission; 3) skb264 trop2-adc: promotion of registration of initial adaptive disorders. Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422): patient grouping of company published research (tnbciii); 4) promotion of the skb264 joint drug ii basket
Stock-sharing programme to reduce asset-liability ratios, excellent study, skb264 jointa167-nsclcii study, skb264 jointa167-tnbc exterior opioid receptor agonist: preparatory work for the iii phase of post-operative pain reduction study; promotion of urine
Profit predictions and investment ratings: due to the high profile of the Trunchin product and the innovative drug authorization msd, the public administration has continued to drive the innovation medicine through the innovation drug Licenseout in the short and medium term.
At the value of the money, we'll raise the net profit from the mother in 2022 from $1.32 billion to $1.45 billion, precipitating the crown epidemic, deteriorating competition patterns, three major financial projections for the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board