Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH)
1Q23E profit beat expectations; Multiple
BUY (Maintain)
catalysts ahead
Target Price
RMB106.00
Zhejiang Jingsheng (JSG) preannounced over the weekend that net profit in
(Previous TP
RMB99.00)
1Q23 is expected to surge 81-103% YoY to RMB800-900mn, which is better
Up/Downside
47.6%
than expectation. We believe this was likely driven by strong growth of crucibles
Current Price
RMB71.81
revenue and margin, as well as faster-than-expected equipment delivery. We
China Capital Goods
revise up our earnings forecast in 2023E/24E/25E by 11%/10%/7%. We revise
up our TP to RMB106, based on 32x 2023E P/E, on the back of 32% earnings
Wayne FUNG, CFA
CAGR in 2023E-24E. Reiterate BUY. Upcoming catalysts include: (1) the launch
of the 5th generation crystal growing furnace in 2Q23E; (2) new orders on solar
cell & module equipment; and (3) spin-off of crucible business unit.
Katherine NG
5th generation crystal growing furnace to be launched. JSG recently
completed the R&D of the 5th generation furnace. According to JSG, the new
generation furnace will allow the customers to develop their own software
Stock Data
systems so as to offer differentiated products. We expect JSG to announce
the new product in May.
TCL Zhonghuan's latest expansion plan positive to JSG. TCL
Zhonghuan (002129 CH, NR) announced last week that it plans to raise
RMB13.8bn through the issuance of CB to finance two capacity expansion
plans (total capex RMB14.3bn). First, Zhonghuan plans to spend
RMB3.65bn on a smart factory with annual wafer capacity of 35GW. We
expect JSG will win the majority of equipment orders. Second, Zhonghuan
will spend RMB10.7bn to build a smart factory for TOPCon solar cell (annual
capacity: 25GW). Given the long-standing cooperation between Zhonghuan
Share Performance
and JSG, we see chance for JSG to start winning orders for solar cell
equipment.
Spin-off of crucible business. JSG announced last week that it plans to
spin off Meijing New Materials (美晶新材料) for separate listing. Meijing is
Source: FactSet
the subsidiary of JSG, which is mainly engaged in the production and sales
12-mth Price Performance
of crucibles for both solar power and semiconductor sector. The monthly
production capacity of crucibles is expected to increase from 15k units as of
end-2022 to >20k units in 3Q23E. JSG currently owns 57.8% of Meijing.
OJing Science & Technology (001269 CH, NR), major peer of Meijing, is
currently trading at 27x 2023E P/E (Bloomberg consensus).
We revise up our net profit forecast in 2023E/24E/25E by 11%/10%/7%
to reflect (1) 21%/19%/16% increase in revenue, driven by higher growth
Source: FactSet
assumption on materials and faster equipment delivery; (2) higher gross
margin due to price hike of crucibles. Our net profit revision is less than that
Related Reports
of the revenue as our MI assumption is higher (JSG owns 57.8% of crucible
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH,
BUY) - Raise estimates on strong
business).
Earnings Summary
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH,
BUY) - 2Q22 profit +1.4x YoY
with strong cash flow; Raise
earnings & TP on solid margin -
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Risks: 1) Slowdown in solar power capex; 2) lower-than-expected gross margin; (3)
decline in crucible price.
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.