E-q3 non-recovering high growth and M & A integration effects are beginning to show up at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company disclosed its performance in the three quarters of 2020, with 19.5 billion yuan, an increase of 19.9 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, and 1.44 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.3 per cent, a decrease of 13.9 billion yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent.
• 2020q3 performance was not very high, and the symbiosis of the portfolio was reversed. The company achieved 75.60 billion yuan in the 2020q3 season, a 13.4 per cent increase in the same year, eliminating the impact of the stripped crystals, a 32.8 per cent increase in the same year. q3 achieved an operating profit of 80 million yuan in the same quarter, a 35 per cent increase in the same period, and removed the impact of the stripped crystals.
This represents an increase of 42% over the same period. Each of these business segments is as follows: 1) subject: q3 Q3 q3 q1 q1 = 21.0% increase, q2 = 6% increase over the first half of the year. With q4 q4 = high e-consumption season, performance is positive.
2) Structural plate q3 (Orient colour) q3 q3 q1 q1 q1 q1 % increase on the same year, achieving net operating profit of $45 million, the company ' s rapid loss from last year ' s losses up to the present year, and the effectiveness of corporate business integration has been highlighted, and the business is expected to start a sustained high growth with more customer groups and product lines being imported.
3) The charger block (Selcon) q3 has been successfully lost in August and the overseas factories have been steadily recommenced, operations have gradually progressed, management teams have been able to manage the integration when they arrive in June and are expected to start contributing to the performance as operations integrate their resources vertically.
4. With the shrinking losses in magnets (magnets) and the beginnings of the newer-magnetic business in North America, the volume of production has begun to be sampled, and the soft-magnetic business is expected to continue to improve with more q4 and next year’s increase in volume production. • Based on the current high-profile growth of consumer electronics, the company has gradually expanded its boundaries.
The upstream layout of the nanocrystal material, downstream of the acquisition of the Selcon enhancement module, is currently forming three operational blocks of radiative, motor and wireless charging modules, with large consumer electronic market space. Some operations, such as structure and radiation modules, are beginning to extend to non-other areas, such as car communications medicine, along with the corporate sector.
Intelligent (002600): Reported performance met expectations, improved integration of plans, increased clarity in the layout of the industrial chain, increased synergy and provision of back-to-back growth in light-loading for clients (2020-08-01)
A one-stop solution is expected to develop into a platform-based smart manufacturing company. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.