q3 non-high growth, module new expensive arrows have increased by 32 per cent, and subsidiaries are doing well. \triangleright
q3 achieved a net operating profit of 800 million yuan, a 35% increase, and a 42% increase in the same amount if the severed crystal light power effects were removed. We believe that the high performance growth is mainly due to a significant improvement in the company’s operations, with the East’s bright colours and Fulcan’s three-quarters collapsing.
1) Stewardship majors: 21% significant increase in income, q3 net profit of 840 million in the same quarter, + 5% benefit, new engine release, Māori ring increase by 6% compared to the first half of the year. q4 Performance as iPhone returns, q4 shows a comparison of the Unit ' s performance with depth of 300%
New product: a customer 20w high power and a national customer ggan fast power + 135w high power charge, which continues to be good in January-September. Selcon is an important extension of corporate modeling, following up with more large clients in fast-load product development, asp and a doubling of the Māori rate, and, if you want,
A client's wireless charger launch end release is expected to benefit further.) Eastern q3 achieves a net profit of 45 million, an increase of 148 per cent, Eastern glimmer integration into fast lanes, from a loss of hundreds of millions last year to a profit of nearly 100 million in the first three quarters of this year, attesting to the efficiency of the company in terms of integration, followed by more.
Nationally produced customers are imported, and Eastern colours are expected to be even higher than expected. 4) River powder magnets: q3 is less than q2 as a result of the addition of a large North American client to the soft magnetic business. With more projects entering production and soft magnetic operations in the fourth quarter and next year, it is expected to continue to improve. Magnetic materials are the benefit of the future wireless charging module.
Looking to the future, a new round of high-growth growth determinations, in the long run, a clear goal of grouping the benefits model, a company starting with the models, integrating upstream materials and moving down into the downstream module, 1.
Millions, followed by small pieces, materials, modules and assembly extensions, the market space opened up further and the long-term growth space was wide.
The company’s financial statement forecasts are aggregated, and Wang Fang, the chief electronics industry, has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has been awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.