The sum of the billions of yuan and the balance of the cash balance of Joohai’s power at the time of the harvest. The stimulus program sets performance targets, and growth is determined over the next three years.
\triangleright This incentive program unlocks (1) on the basis of 2020 revenue, 2021, 2022, 2023, used as a cellular plant, acquired the entire unit and ready for release.
\triangleright, a powerful global workforce of about 200,000, of which about 40,000 and 50,000 are in the Pearl Sea factory area, which used to be a mobile factory for Hua, in addition to the personal care products, smart household electrical products, computer products, ar/vr equipment, electric bicycles.
After this acquisition is completed, the Joohai factory will be the company’s major production base in the Bay of Australasia district of Hong Kong, taking over the company’s future business development in products such as the complete assembly of the aircraft. Looking ahead, it will be able to create a new round of high-growth certainty.
\triangleright, in the long run, has a clear goal of grouping the hands of the company, integrating upstream materials and moving down into the downstream module, billions, following up from small pieces to materials to modules and assembly extensions, further opening of market space and long-term growth space.
The epidemic is not controlled as expected, China and the United States trade has increased friction, and downstream customers are not delivering as much as expected.
I've been working for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and I've been awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification in securities investment consulting practice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.