The beauty group: q1 outperformed net profit expectations, the overseas branding group (000333), the growth of the overseas autonomous branding business, and the development of business solutions.
Intelligent household business: q1 smart house business grew by 11% the same year. Companies have been expanding new channels and markets, overseas electricity suppliers have increased retail sales by about 60% the same time, Brazil, Egypt, Malaysia.
The q1 company has accumulated 930,000 green recyclers, replacing them with 1.28 million.
Business and industrial solutions: 1) Smart architecture and technology generated revenue of $8.2 billion, yoy+6 per cent, billion, yoy+23 per cent; 3) robotics and automation generated revenues of $6.7 billion, yoy-12 per cent, and robots and automation lost revenue in the same way as domestic automobile manufacturers.
The suspension and restructuring of overseas automobile manufacturers ' products; logistics automation operations driven by strong overseas consumption, with 24q1 rising by more than 9 per cent on a year-on-year basis; increased overseas sales costs and improved profitability.
The rate of Māori achieved by 24q1 is 27.32 per cent, compared to +3.28 pct, and we believe that the promotion of free brand development by companies overseas is conducive to improving the profitability of their overseas operations, and that Māori rates may improve as the scale of operations expands at the end of b.
From a cost-rate perspective, 24q1 sales, management, R & D, financial rates are the same as +1.25 pct, +0.21 pct, -0.02 pct, +1.26 pct. The higher cost of corporate sales is evident, with q1 companies investing $3 billion overseas to accelerate their own branding business development.
An increase of approximately $1.27 billion over 23q1, mainly due to fluctuations in the valuation of assets and liabilities in small currencies, such as Egyptian pounds, and in other foreign currency assets and liabilities, such as the United States dollar, the euro, the Japanese yen, changes in the combined Māori and cost rates, and the realization of a net return profit rate of 8.48 per cent for the company of 24q1
Compared to +0.13 pct, the net profit margin for the realization of deductions is 8.71 per cent and the corresponding rate is +0.74 pct. Net cash flows from operating activities have increased significantly and the currency is well funded.
1) 24q1 end-of-cycle corporate monetary funds + transactional financial assets totalling 97.932 billion yuan, compared to the end of the period
+50.22 +50.22 The net operating cash flow has increased significantly, mainly through sales of goods, labour delivery, etc., less than expected expansion of the field, and a two-degree master of management.
New wealth in 2017, the third in 2017, the Golden Bulls Award, the Crystal Ball Award, 2019, the Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Spanish.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.