The U.S. Group (00033ch) product structure upgrades have played a significant role, and the obm business continues to receive positive feedback 1 quarter revenue profit increases in double digits. The U.S. Group sales/mortality net profit in the first quarter of 2024
In addition to cost factors, the continued optimization of the product structure, high-end business development and the share of offshore obm operations are better than the continued increase in co-benefit rates, which rise by 3.2 percentage points to 27.3 per cent in the first quarter of the year, the highest rate since 2020. The return net profit rate is 8.5 per cent, the same as in the same period last year.
From product structure upgrades, end-of-end operations are growing faster. C-side operations (intelligent household business) receive 11% more revenue on the same date, and internal and external sales have a more balanced role. In this context, inward sales continue to benefit from product upgrading and high-end brand development, with average price-to-income boosts greater than sales.
The expansion of Oem operations and the rapid growth of obm operations in emerging markets (own branding business increased revenue by more than 50 per cent in the markets of Brazil, Egypt, Malaysia and the Middle East on a year-on-year basis).b End business (commercial and industrial solutions) increased by 9 per cent over the same period, with new energy and industrial technologies/smart architecture technology/
Robots and automation contribute $7.782 billion/67 billion, respectively. Cost increases are evident. Although the Māori rate rises by more than three percentage points in the same year, the company ' s current cost rate is higher than the high-end branding operations in the developmental period, and the sales side is more dependent on marketing by the company.
The financial costs are mainly affected by the exchange rate. The increase in the Māori ratio is offset by an increase in the cost ratio, and the operating profit margin and the net profit margin are maintained respectively.
The company still earns a double-digit growth in income/profits. Given the gradual decline of the old policy of switching to new ones, it combines the company’s annual increase in market share and competitiveness in the priority white class of electricity, as well as overseas Lu Hojiang, cfa, cesga.
We expect the United States group to maintain near double-digit revenue growth in 2024, with profits growing faster than revenues, driven mainly by a faster increase in the Maori rate.
The United States Group (000333ch) The United States Group (000333ch) The United States Group (000333ch)
Silver International, 10th floor of the Vanji Building, 68th Mid-Teuk Road, Hong Kong.