The United States Group (0003333.sz) Wang Wei Chul q1 pick-up has grown steadily, and the Māori rate has risen.
Corporate performance: company reports published in the first quarter of 2024, with 24q1 receiving $10.648 billion, yoy+10.2 per cent, net profit of $9.00 billion, yoy+11.9 per cent, net profit of deductions from the home.
q1 revenue grew by 11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we estimate that this is mainly due to firm efforts to open up new channels and markets, boost overseas electricity retailers by about 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, boosted by more than 50 per cent growth of their own brands in markets in Brazil, Egypt, Malaysia and the Middle East; and higher revenues from business and industrial solutions operations.
9 per cent, of which smart construction technology increased by 6 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of changes in the national heat pump subsidy policy in some parts of the country and the impact of the fall in European gas prices. New energy and industrial technologies grew by 23 per cent in the same year, robots dropped by 12 per cent in the same year as automated operations, mainly due to the suspension of domestic car factory expansion and overseas car manufacturers.
The q1 combined Māori rate has recovered significantly, and market opening and exchange rate fluctuations have led to higher cost rates: the company ' s 24q1 combined Māori rate was 27.6 per cent, an increase of 3.3 percentage points from the same year, and is estimated to have benefited mainly from increased marketing and management costs, mainly due to offshore market openings, in addition to exchange rate fluctuations.
It also leads to loss on exchange, affecting financial cost rates. Profit predictions and investment proposals: looking ahead, the State’s promotion of domestic electricity for old-fashioned new policies will boost power consumption steadily, companies will continue to benefit, and offshore market opening will also boost overseas income.
The report is expected to be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but this information has not been independently verified.