(a) Net profit gains of 57.34 per cent, sustained expansion of the size of the idc operation — growth in the upswing of the idc to increase the Māori rate of the operation, good cost controls, and growth of net profits as expected: (1) company announcement: (1) annual report 2018: revenue of $5.471 billion, an increase of 14.56 per cent over the same period;
Millions of yuan, or 32.62 per cent more than the previous year; mothers ' net profit of 201 million yuan, or 36.40 per cent more than the same year. According to the annual report, the outsourcing of services increased by 36.80 per cent over the same period by 1.690 billion yuan, owing mainly to a larger annual average increase in the number of containers on board for the idc project; and, at the same time, an increase in the number of idcs on board increased.
• The scale of the idc business continues to grow, and companies have gradually developed an idc industry biosphere: the new generation of information infrastructure services infrastructure infrastructure infrastructure bases have become the leading and neutral industrial base in the country.
There are nearly 20,000 cabinets in the existing industry. According to the 2018 annual report, the construction of companies has been steadily moving forward. Of these, the increased investment in the idc four construction projects has led to an increase of 126.72 per cent in the construction work being carried out by the company.
The service has successfully marketed the developed Treasure Data Centre Operations Management System, completed development planning for the national layout of the idc strategic operation, and initiated the development of existing extra-regional operations. Companies are continuously exploring the advantages of pooling external partners' resources and are gradually developing an idc industry biosphere.
• To benefit from the recovery of information-based demand in the steel sector, automation and information-based operations have continued to grow: with the reform of the steel supply side, the introduction of the de-productivity policy, the demand for information-based construction in the steel sector has increased, and companies have focused on providing complete solutions for the optimal upgrading of the steel industry over the years.
Good service and technology build-up, successful contracting of major projects in 2018, which contributed to the continued growth of automation and telecommunications operations and the consolidation of industry leadership. idc+Intelligent Manufacturing Double Driving, 2018-08-16
With the growing scale of corporate idc operations and the growing need for informationization in the steel industry, I have accelerated business development by 2018-04-10.