A study by Treasure Software (600845) 1404 2019. Performance growth was expected, and intelligent manufacturing of idc went hand in hand.
The company published its annual report in 2018, and in 2018 it achieved a revenue of $5.471 billion, a growth rate compared to the target period: 12 months.
Billion dollars, 43.35 per cent increase in the same year, $284 million net operating cash flow, 166.49 per cent increase in the same year. Performance growth is in line with expectations, business efficiency continues to be optimized. 1.28 pc. The increase in the Māori ratio is mainly due to higher Māori Idc ratio; marketing costs
The reason for this is that 1) idc’s operations are growing at a high rate and require a lower cost of personnel 2) The company’s continued excellence in operating efficiency was 103 fewer people than during the same period last year. 2019q1 achieved a net return profit of $201 million, an increase of 36.40 per cent over the same period, due to the non-availability of a quarter.
The performance of the Treasure Software (600845) meets expectations, and iron and steel information is better than the net profit performance of the mother.
With the completion of the third quarter of the Bounty Cloud, the company ' s Idc business continued to grow in size, with fast growth in its performance as of 2018, with more intelligent manufacturing at the bottom, approximately 1.8w cabinets of the company ' s Idc1-3 were fully built and installed, and the company ' s Idc count is now in place.
Resource Inputs. 2018.08.18 According to the Centre, which is located mainly in the Shanghai Luang factory area, in January 2019, the company announced that it would establish a large steel data park with a joint venture with the Ganges Group, the Treasure Lands, and the State Treasury of Aoyama to open the idc national expansion path.
With the surge in commercialization of 5g data, which is expected to drive rapid growth in demand in non-line cities idc, the company is expected to be the largest beneficiary, depending on the resources of the Treasure Group.
Investing in intelligent manufacturing, introducing solutions at different levels that cover infrastructure, smart equipment, smart factories and intellectuals, and operating, while unmanned operations are also in non-rigid areas such as coloring, dispersing, iron and steel information needs are less than expected, new idc is being expanded and overstretched.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.