“Intelligent manufacturing +idc” double-wheel drive, with sustained high performance growth – Treasurestone software (600845) 2018 annual report point assessment
Corporate sales costs as a percentage of revenue in 2018 were 2.75 per cent, while management costs (including R & D) decreased, demonstrating good cost control. At the same time, corporate income from idc business increased from the company ' s overall M & A ratio in 2017.
Iron and steel information business has been steadily developing, and the “breath of war” and multi-area expansion have resulted in significant increases \triangleright, on the one hand, the steady release of the information needs of the company's main customers (the main steel mills, such as the Treasure Steel) and, on the other hand, the steady release of the information needs of the company's main customers (the main steel mills, etc.)
The “warfare merger” has led to a long-term increase in companies. On the other hand, significant progress has been made in a number of enterprises and industries: in 2018, the company made a breakthrough in the colored and fragmented industry of the Chinese diamond industry.
Idc's business continues to be high, actively expanding its capacity, and increasing its profitability. The company's Treasure Cloud project has advantages in terms of location, resources, etc., with a higher contracting rate and a higher margin, and is not expected to generate a higher rate of revenue in the next two to three years.
In August 2018, the company invested in four phases of the Treasure Cloud project, which, according to the company's estimates, was financed internally after the change in total project fund-raising.
Annual performance evaluation: high and sustained performance, cloud computing, report of work on the “average average price of electricity reduced by 10 per cent for general business” and the largest electricity cost for the idc centre
Costs, which account for about 60% of total costs, are expected to increase corporate profitability even further. idc’s national layout strategy is actively advanced, with companies planning to work with the Wuhan Steel Group, Treasure Land Assets, Wuhan Qingshan Countries.
A joint venture is planned to build 18,000 hangars (about 67.2% of the Bounty Cloud cabinets) between 2019 and 2023, with a growing capacity of idc. One of the leading companies in the field of intelligence manufacturing.
As can be seen from the Report on the Work of the Government and a series of important documents, smart manufacturing is one of the top policy priorities. The company is one of the leading companies in the field of smart manufacturing in the country.
In areas such as mes, cold swings, etc., companies are able to offer integrated solutions, have some advantage in competition in the city, and are expected to continue to benefit from the development of smart manufacturing. Corporate iron and steel information, idc, are expected to continue to have a high profile, while intelligence manufacturing has a certain advantage.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized and the author has either a securities investment consulting qualification or a considerable professional competence, and the data used in the report is derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,