The company's second decision by the board of directors of the company to approve the company's $292 million acquisition of weapons and steel.
Target period: 12 months billion yuan; operating income of 384 million yuan and net profit of 229 million yuan in 2018.
Millions of dollars, roughly equivalent to net assets, fully demonstrating the high value of the merger, the acquisition of martial arts workers, and the fact that technology solves the problem of competition between companies and martial arts in information-based operations such as steel and steel.
On the other hand, it helps companies to reduce the cost of doing business in the Wuhan region, enhance their ownership and competitiveness in non-Shanghai regional markets, and further consolidate the corporate niche in iron and steel information.
The company has a leading position in the industry in corporate governance and product capacity, and once the merger and acquisition are completed, the company will effectively improve the technical and managerial capabilities and efficiency of the martial arts and steel industry through the management of export and product empowerment; the martial arts and steel industry will have an experienced team of skilled workers who will acquire martial arts and steel technology.
The Division has its own team to provide a strong complement to the company ' s human capacity constraints and to enhance its ability to deliver iron and steel information and to automate it.
Q: Performance growth meets expectations, smart-made idc goes hand in hand.
The authors of the 5g application have either not developed as expected, steel information has not been integrated as expected, and the BMW Internet has advanced. The authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, have worked hard to produce this report independently and objectively.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.