Financial highlights: The company disclosed its mid-2023 performance report forecast to realize net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 204 to 241 per cent in the same year, cover research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, power stations and systems products, photovoltaic power and transport services, smart microscopics.
The volume of the product has risen, contributing to a six-monthly high growth in performance. q1 q1 has achieved the development and marketing of net-cut networks and multi-energy systems in a single quarter of 23 years, as well as the operation of the energy cloud table, and is committed to becoming a global light-voltage smart energy source.
In the reporting period, corporate performance continued to grow as a result of: 1) increasing demand for global photovoltaic products, leading to higher output of corporate components: 2) lower prices for silicon and higher prices plus corporate guidelines and 2022 annual reports)
The gradual release of silicon production capacity further reduces the cost of product integration; 3) management levels are raised, logistics costs and time costs are effectively controlled. Looking forward to the end of the second half of the year, as the price of silicon hits the bottom.
On July 3, the company announced its 2023 Restricted Stock Incentives component brand and channel as the firm’s core competitiveness and moat. The company has established a global distribution facility.
2173 56/190989, a component enterprise with the highest distribution ratio, with a significant advantage in distribution channels for companies opening up photovoltaic distribution b//h shares (million shares)
At the same time, the Trina High Series has a wide branding profile, with retc components for the third year in a row producing the best overall performance. As one of the leading companies in the photovoltaic sector, companies are expected to continue to lead, based on the channels and brand advantages of the global layout.
In June 22, the company announced its intention to invest 300,000 tons of industrial silicon, 150,000 tons of high pure polysilicon, 35gw single crystalline silicon, 10gw slices, 10gw batteries, 10gw components and 15gw components in the Xining Economic Technology Development Area.
The project, which began in 22 years, is expected to be fully completed by the end of 25 years. By 2022 75/95gw, of which Topcon's advanced battery capacity will reach 40gw. We believe that the company's dynamic n-type route, with the construction of the Qing Hai Seining base, will be built for the company.
Research assistant: Wu Xuan wuzhy@dxzq.net.cn
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (688599): Quantified and semi-annually high performance
The source of the financial boom in the East, the research assistant's profile, Ho Ha Qing.
Wu Xing Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Tianyuan Light Energy (688599) has increased its performance by the end of the year.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.