The company published its semi-annual report for 2023, which achieved business income of 49.384 billion yuan, and \triangleright.
At the same time, the company’s active layout of the n-type battery area has achieved an average efficiency of 25.8% of the current maximum volume line, and the top n-type 700w+ component has already been produced. The company expects silicon, battery, and assembly production to be possible by the end of 2023.
Up to 50gw, 75gw, 95gw, with an output capacity of 40gw for the i-topcon battery. Continuous enhancement of the overall solution capability of the photovoltaic system.
The year’s target is 10gw or more. At the same time, companies are constantly enriching the distributed light-voltage application scenes, and in the home setting, the creative launch of the “rich garden” was launched, and in the business sector, the launch of a new day, with a 3.0-pro-photo surface maintenance system, is driving the energy transformation of buildings.
Repository operations are expanding and the layout of integrated industries is expanding rapidly.
In the deep vertically integrated industry of layouts, the company expects a combination of energy batteries, straight-flow batteries and transect products to produce 12 gwh at the end of 2023 and 25 gwh at the end of 2024q2. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Unexpected demand for photovoltaics, risk of changes in technology routes, changes in the macro-environment, joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in triangleright, responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for a non-relationship, non-relationship or direct or indirect link to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.