The company is actively engaged in building integrated and advanced productive capacities. In the first half of the year, the launch of a 20gwn project at the Qinghai Base marked the beginning of public life.
The Division's successful extension to the upper industrial chain, with a self-supply ratio, is expected to reduce costs further; the August Qing Haiji Earth battery was successfully delineated, leading the industry to achieve a topcon component production capability of 700w; according to company announcements, the company's silicon, battery, and component capacity is expected to reach 50gw by the end of 23 years, respectively.
75gw, 95gw, with an i-topcon battery producing capacity of up to 40gw. For storage energy, the State and Salt City bases are accelerating construction and production, and the company is expected to store power cells and straight-flow batteries by the end of 23rd year.
The combined production capacity of the module and the direct stream product will reach 12 gwh, 25 gwh by the end of the second quarter of 24 years, and the storage capacity will be released immediately, or the scale effect will be further highlighted.
With regard to batteries, in May 23, the company released a new s01052207002 generation of i-topcon technology, with an average productivity of 25.8% of the maximum yield line, plus an average of 25.8% for hjt,
For components, the company develops 210r rectangular and 210+n components to meet the needs of the whole scenario.
In addition, the development of the first generation of positive, negative and electrolytic materials resistant to high temperature environments has been completed to achieve a normal life cycle of constant heat in a 45-degree environment.
The research assistant, Lin Fukuda, has the strength to help the products achieve a sustained high level of empowerment and maintain core competitiveness.
Globalization has accelerated, creating a world-famous brand advantage. Corporate products are sold to more than 160 countries and regions around the world, with 27gw from its component parts in the first half of 23 years, with a cumulative output of over 150gw from its 210 component in excess of 75gw.
There are several major production bases, such as Jiang, Qinghai and Inner Mongolia, and six global and regional headquarters abroad, with two production and manufacturing bases in Viet Nam and Thailand. The company has a global total of more than 30,000 employees, who come from one-quarter of the year's annual report: deeper integration is more profitable, more productive and more productive.
Sixty-five countries, serving 160 international markets, are the most internationally integrated companies in the global photovoltaic industry that can open up one of the growing ceilings - 2023/04/28 - and corporate market ownership is expected to continue to rise as the global landscape deepens.
3. Tri-quarterly reporting point, 2022 3. Tri-quarterly reporting point, 688599.sh: Semi-annual report, 2022: Accelerating and new technologies, with continuous growth in city occupancy and profitability, could be expected, and the amount of energy available for storage would be public.
The Division has brought about a new increase and maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.