Accompaniment capacity expands and the integrated layout continues to grow.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn gold does not exceed 10.9 billion yuan for lighten 10gw PV batteries, eastern platform 10gw PV batteries and eastern platform 10gw PV component project.
The company is the photovoltaic component leader, which has been evaluated eight times in a row by the manufacturer of the global "Best Table" component. The total output of the component was 43.09gw in 2022 as at the end of the year.
Distributed systems deliver more than 2gw. Given the recent marked decline in the price of photovoltaic components, we expect the demand for downstream loadings to be stimulated, the company as the backbone of the components is expected to benefit fully, and the company is expected to deliver the components in 2023.
65gw, the volume of deliveries continues to grow at a very high rate. The build-up of the enabling capacity, the expansion of the integrated layout, and the company's continuous push for vertical integration.
In February 2023, the first phase of the direct pull single crystal project was launched and is currently in the climb phase, with phase two expected to start production in the course of the year. In May 2023, the company announced its intention to build an annual production of 25gw monochips and accompanying projects in the Sichuanshi Economic Development Area.
The capacity of the base, the crystal slice production continues to improve. The current production efficiency of the company ' s n-topcon battery is 25.3 per cent, and the cost is expected to be the same as perc in the first half of this year, taking into account the comparison of the n-topcon battery assembly.
More economically in perc, the n-topcon battery will enjoy a certain premium. This will further enhance the company’s battery and component capacity and promote vertical integration of the public sector’s industrial chain. We expect the company to pull the crystal slices by the end of 2023.
With a capacity of up to 50 gw and a battery capacity of up to 75 gw, the N battery capacity is expected to reach 40 gw and the component capacity is up to 95 gw.
Global photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected; fund-raising projects are not as fast as expected; storage capacity business development is not as high as expected; large-scale systemic risk is high; growth is not as high as expected.
Experience, with emphasis on photovoltaics, wind power, and storage energy.
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index. The Division will not consider recipients as customers for receiving this report.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.