The q1 outbreak has repeatedly affected passenger flow recovery, and the release of the international line is still pending.
q1 was repeatedly affected by the epidemic, with the company achieving 8.16 million flights, 6.684 million passengers and a slowdown in the return of the ring to 4q20. Of this amount, 315,000 international + regional passengers received tax-free rent revenues of $92 million. According to the previous agreement between the company and China Free, when the flow was less than 80% of the monthly average in 2019, actual monthly revenues were raised = people.
All contributions (135.28) x month actual international passenger flows (31.5) x area adjustment factor, estimated to be 2.16. It is expected that the impact of the overseas epidemic will continue to be difficult to fully liberalize throughout the year and non-air revenue will remain under pressure. Cost loops have dropped slightly, and financial costs have increased as a result of accounting standard adjustments
\triangleright q1 company operating costs of $1,474 million, with a slight reduction in cost pressure of $245 million over the ring of 4q20. At the cost end, financial costs increased by $140 million over the same period, mainly through the implementation of new lease guidelines by companies that recognize interest charges on lease liabilities over the lease term.
As a result, the company’s sales and management costs remain stable. The company’s q1 investment returns of $150 million, with a reduction in the ring ratio.
In China’s tax-exempt operation, airport and tax-free operators are more cooperative than zero and game games. China’s common goal for airport operators and tax-free operators is still to work together to increase the volume of duty-free airport sales.
As an example of a new agreement between Shanghai Airport and China Free at the beginning of the year, the two sides avoided and reduced the operating burden during the period of the epidemic through a new rent calculation. At the same time, once the passenger flow returns to more than 80%, no matter what the sale of the duty-free shop, they can at least charge the rent at the bottom, which means that both sides will be paid in 2018.
The implicit deduction rate agreed in the tax-exempt lease agreement is maintained. As for the negotiation of the tax-exempt lease contract after 2025, we maintain our previous view that the deduction rate for the duty-free operation contract in 2018 is still even in the long run.
2. Shanghai Airport (600009): The worst performance point has passed, the epidemic has repeatedly exceeded expectations, and there is still considerable uncertainty about the point at which tax-free operating contracts will be re-signed.
The authors, who are qualified or have considerable professional competence in securities investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, use data from compliance channels to ensure that the reports are reported.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,