On the night of 24 June, Shanghai Airport released its " Purchase of Assets by Share and Collection of Auxiliary Funds and Associated Transactions Project " , which is intended to increase the performance of listed companies through the issuance of shares.
After this transaction is completed, Rainbowbridge and Logistics will become fully-owned subsidiaries, and Pudong's 4th runway will become an asset held by listed companies. The share will be purchased at this time.
This reorganization is an important initiative for the airport consortium and listed companies to meet their historical commitments and address competition from their counterparts. It is intended to provide the airport core operating assets and a better-profit aviation extension service through the integration of airport consortium air master operations and assets through the listed platform.
To optimize the uniform allocation of resources for two Shanghai airport airline flights, and to align the route structure with market demands, and to improve the efficiency of listed companies’ transport operations. Logistics companies rely on Shanghai airport resources to develop freight logistics operations, expand operations, and create new profit growth points.
Assets injections will help increase the performance of listed companies. International air operations at Pudong Airport, which is dominated by operating international routes, have declined significantly, with high operational pressure, with Shanghai Airport collecting $4.303 billion in 2020, resulting in a net profit loss of $1,267 million to the mother.
As the internal flight-led Rainbow Bridge airport gradually recovered with effective internal control of the epidemic, operational benefits rebounded, with 21.94 million aircraft landings completed in 2020, down 19.61 per cent from the same year, 31.1656 million passenger throughput, down 31.71 per cent from the same year, and 338.6 million tons from the same year, down 20.07 per cent from the same year, with production indicators at the forefront of the industry. Unaudited simulation financial data from Rainbow Bridge are evident.
In addition, air freight operations continued to grow faster with the impact of the epidemic. Pou airport achieved 36.866 million tons of mail and 1,025 million tons in January-March 2020 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 1.44 per cent and 37.79 per cent, respectively.
Through this transaction, the assets of listed companies will be scaled up, the size of operations will be expanded, and there will be increased profitability and risk resistance. Investment proposals: domestic outbreak control will be stabilized, domestic airline traffic will be gradually improved, and it is expected to be injected mainly into domestic airline operations.
Rainbow Bridge and fast-growing cargo operations assets will help improve the performance of companies listed during the year. And, as the global new crown vaccinations progress steadily, the demand for international air travel is expected to recover, the operational dilemmas caused by the epidemic are expected to ease gradually, with the first “precautiously recommended” rating of the “market index” benchmark of the rating system being 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.