Q1 performance of international passenger traffic, with attention to the global epidemic prevention and control situation
-47.05 per cent; net return to the mother - 440 million, change - 641.63 per cent.q1 low international passenger traffic and elimination of tax-free base income were the main causes of the sharp fall in the performance of the quarterly reports. ... The global epidemic has affected the company’s business recovery process.
The latest tax-exempt supplementary agreement estimated that the real tax-exempt income of 2021q1 was about $900 million, a decrease of about $800 million compared to the tax-exempt income of the same period last year, which basically explains the decline in income of 2021q1. Corporate performance is still being significantly delayed by the interstate epidemic, and many countries around the world are now actively promoting it.
Compared with industry-market trends, the vaccination process has led to the EU’s proposal for a 70% vaccination coverage of the new crown for adults this summer. Domestic aviation needs have rebounded, domestic vaccination rates have been rising, and aviation revenues are expected to continue to recover.
According to the Health and Welfare Board, as of 28 April 2021, the country is struggling with the high rate of internal passenger flow.
As the vaccination rate rises, the company ' s domestic aviation revenues are expected to continue this year at the same rate as the total cost of q1 operations, and the return on investment is warming. The total cost of operations for 2021q1 companies is 1.625 billion yuan, a year-on-year change -0.9%, the ring change - 5.3%, of which variable operating costs are effectively controlled, the same year-on-year.
The decrease of $150 million is offset by an increase of $140 million in financial costs over the same period due to the implementation of the new lease code, which offsets the equal cost of corporate operations. q1 companies achieved an investment return of $150 million, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year.
According to the Shanghai People’s Government’s announcement, the airport liaison line and the third extension of Pudong International Airport were included in the 2021 Shanghai major construction project, which was gradually revised to highlight the value of the medium- and long-term investment.
List, after the airport liaison is completed, the two airport fast-line links will be further strengthened at Shanghai Airport as the core hub of the long triangle. According to the Shanghai airport construction headquarters, the new terminal and three new runways will be designed to be 160 million times a year, now in place.
The long-term value of its investment as a major international hub for our country has not changed. As the new crown vaccine progresses globally, we believe that the global epidemic is expected to be contained in the second half of 2021, that restrictions on international routes are expected to be lifted gradually, and that by 2022, as the impact of the epidemic diminishes, the satellite hall will be able to move forward.
The positive impact of the launch will begin to emerge, when Shanghai Airport’s performance will rebound significantly. Due to the uncertainty associated with recurrent overseas epidemics, we have reduced the forecast of internal/international and regional passenger traffic to 80/20% of internal/international and regional passenger traffic in 19a and to 22e and 23e.
Gammasecurities gammasecurities
A share market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the transfer of the agreement) or a three-board market index (for the transfer of the market): the Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley China index, and the United States stock market is based on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index (except where indicated).
The data and information used in this report are based on open information on the market, and the author does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, which clearly and accurately reflects the author’s research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.