To inject assets such as Rainbow Bridge Airport and build up a Shanghai “two-hub” operating pattern Shanghai Airport (600009.sh) / Transportation Events: Companies issue a major asset restructuring announcement to purchase rainbows held by the Airport Consortium by issuing shares
100 per cent equity at Bridge International Airport, 100 per cent equity in logistics companies and 4th runway at a price of $44.09/share, the price of the targeted assets and the amount of the share payment have not yet been determined; at the same time, it is to be closed.
Improved business performance. According to company announcements, the total passenger traffic at Rainbow Bridge Airport was 311,656 thousand in 2020, yoy-31.71 per cent, of which the internal passenger flow was 30.82 million, yoy-26.97 per cent, compared with the total passenger traffic at Pudong Airport in 2020, which was 30,476.4 million, and yoy-59.98 per cent, of which the internal passenger flow was 2, stock prices compared with industry-market trends
With a higher proportion of domestic routes at Rainbow Bridge, its operations are significantly less affected by the epidemic than at Pudong Airport. We believe that the integration of Rainbow Bridge with listed companies will ease the pressure on the company’s liquidity in the short term due to its lack of operations.
The Rainbow Bridge airport has good prospects for development and greater profitability, has a class and passenger capacity in the long triangle, and operates a large number of sophisticated commercial routes of higher passenger quality than the general domestic airport. In terms of service coverage, the Pudong airport owner
In order to operate international and transit packages for domestic routes, Rainbow Bridge Airport serves the two main routes of the Yangtze delta and the East Asian and Korean port of Aoi, which are divided into separate and complementary routes. With the injection of assets at Rainbow Bridge airport, the company is expected to consolidate and allocate airport resources, optimize the efficiency of the two operations and improve their profitability.
In addition, the synergies between the logistics companies that are to be injected together and the two in Shanghai are good for public listing, and we are not considering the impact of asset consolidation on the company’s finances. In our view, although the epidemic continues, the Shanghai Airport Report 2020: the impact of the epidemic is estimated.
The airport's performance in Shanghai has been impaired in the short term, but its long-term value as a major international hub airport in our country has been gradually modified, and the value of long- and medium-line investment has been highlighted. The value has not changed, and may even be further enhanced by the infusion of Rainbow Bridge Airport.
The global epidemic is expected to be brought under control in the second half of 2021, and the restrictions on international routes are expected to be lifted gradually, assuming that the Shanghai Airport's first quarter of 2021 reported an international passenger flow of 21e domestic/international and regional passenger traffic levels of 80 per cent of 19a domestic/international and regional passenger traffic.
20 per cent, 22e 100/80 per cent of 19a and 23e 120/100 per cent of 19a, resulting in a volume drag of q1 performance, and attention to the Global Epidemic Control Agency, tax-exempt contracts with China, or subsequent changes.
Gammasecurities gammasecurities where a share market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three-board market is marked by three indexes (for the transfer of the agreement) or three market indexes (for the transfer of the agreement)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley Index of China, and the US stock market on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index (except as indicated). This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data and information used in this report are derived from open market information, which the author does not guarantee.
Accuracy or completeness. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.