Low-valued flagships, high growth points, medium-letter securities (60030) Report 2016: Business Development Summary: Good Performance from Brokering, Credit and Self-employed Business
Corporate performance is significantly better than industry as a whole. Corporate brokerage revenue, net interest earnings, and investment returns are lower than industry-related business.
In 2016, 36 new stock exchanges were created, filling blank areas such as Chongqing and Inner Moon. The company ' s overall net commission rate was 0.059% in 2016, up from 2015.
The continued high rate of net commissions makes business income better than industry, but the share of corporate stock-based transactions increases value added, but it is difficult to break through in the short term, and the commission rate will face greater downward pressure in the future.
11,97.7 billion yuan, with a market share of 14.15%, ranked first in the industry, and completed significant cases of restructuring, such as Consistency Express and Physics Express. Companies achieved financial consultant revenues of 1,568 million yuan, a factor of about one times the increase.
The number of companies listed by the company’s directorships increased by 70% over the same period; the firm’s financing was $14 billion over the same period, more than twice the same time, and the market share of the third-largest investment business grew significantly. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Goldstone, made a net profit in 2016.
In the future, the ipo accelerated environment is expected to continue to make significant progress in large commodity transactions. Companies continue to step up their operations in large commodity markets, expand their metal trading operations and develop shipping indices, power coal, iron ore, etc.
Out-of-the-counter options, leading the markets for large-scale off-the-shelf merchandise transactions, investment strategy: in 2016, companies continued to be in the lead in terms of market size and income size in a number of operations, including brokering, investment, financial management, self-employment, credit operations, etc.
Advances in major commodity transactions, financial consultants, investment, etc. reflect a positive shift in the company’s current investment portfolio. The company’s pb is currently 1.37 times higher, and each share of the undistributed profits reaches the depth 300 index of the rating system's “market index” reference point. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommended and rated products are based on the product.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.