Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • steady growth in performance and steady improvement in output
The net profit of the mother is 2,533 million yuan, an increase of 514.3 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the operating income of the third quarter was 10,114 million yuan, an increase of 20.68 per cent over the previous quarter, and the net profit of the mother was 2,167 million yuan, a gain on fair value changes resulting from the increase in the market.
In the last three quarters, the company ' s power and storage capacity totaled about 63gwh, with a power ratio of about 70% and a production capacity of 300gwh.
The company's high-end car lanes have grown strongly in power cell output. Individualized solutions are the core of competitiveness, with the delivery of a large number of high-end vehicles, such as the Chirschung era, the Wind Cloud series, the Gilly Galaxy and Zeros.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the volume of commercial vehicles delivered to the public, with a strong focus on the area of heavy-cards, and a strong effort to create low-altitude economies, in cooperation with the multi-billion ship-intelligence strategy.
• Power storage batteries: downstream demand space, overseas localization of production breakthroughs, affected by storage capacity document 136, large domestic storage markets continue to grow, demand space is wide, companies have adequate storage battery orders, companies are accelerating their capacity at the Tangshan, Goldfield, etc.
Extensions. In 2025, the company published the “20 mwh storage battery system for the dry-won think tank”; toc market, the gendome series of portable mobile energy devices received a high level of attention in overseas markets. On the offshore market, the 5 mwh liquid cold storage energy system under the company’s flag has been implemented at Göttingen base in Germany.
● The solid-state battery is moving fast, the gwh mass product will complete the design pattern. The company has made a breakthrough in the solid-state battery field, with the energy density of the whole goldstone solid cell at 350wh/kg. In the first half of 25 years, the gold stone solid-state battery has been placed on the ground and in-house.
Road surveys, 2gwh-type design work has been initiated to complete the design by the end of this year, with capacity to produce. 2. Technology leads to battery innovation, highly international.
Risks of industrial policy change: raw material fluctuations and inventory risks: technology iterative and emerging technology routes Substitution risks: exchange rate change risks Use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.