002074.sz: High-end products, 4 November 2025.
Incident: 3rd quarter of 2025 issued by the company. The first three quarters/q3 single-quarters of the company each registered the main business of the company is lithium cell power and lithium cell power.
The company’s early investment in Chir’s car (9973.hk) benefited 2,417 million yuan, which had a significant impact on the company’s net return profit. Product-end upgrades continued to show their contribution to the profit end.
Domestic power cell loads amount to 10.8gwh, year-on-year + 53%, share is maintained upwards, domestic markets benefit from the continued import of third-generation core products, the current high energy density of three-generation core products leads to firm increases in corporate Māori rates, and q3 one-season Māori rates are 17.6%.
Following the completion of the ramp, the increase in capacity utilization is expected to further reduce the impact of manufacturing costs and to pull the company's hair.
For the first time in the 400 new car declaration catalogue, a new car vehicle, the "Association" of the People's Day Lep Division, was installed, marking the official launch of the company's cooperative project with the general public, the completion of the company's standard electron core capability in 2026, and we expect the company to meet the popular Chinese market.
In addition, in 2023, the company acquired a standard mass power core of overseas markets, which are expected to be accompanied by a gradual build-up of the company's overseas production capacity.
With the upgrading and expansion of production capacity, companies are expected to continue to increase their performance, while firm-state battery technology is industrially evolving, leading the industry, taking into account the rising share that the global supply advantage of companies continues to unleash and the potential for future growth in the public sector.
s 148051611001 Based on the impact of changes in corporate q3 fair value and expectations of progress in public cooperation, we have increased the corporate surplus by 24 x 31 x 24x and maintained a “strongly recommended” rating.
The risks of less-than-expected growth of the world’s production, higher prices of raw materials, and higher-than-expected competition in the industry.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Research areas such as spare parts, new energy sources for electrical equipment.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
002074.sz: Expeditious import of high-end products, and the immediate arrival of the public cooperative project does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.