Three quarters of Māori coverage has improved, and public cooperation is expected to contribute to the medium-term increase; maintaining buy-in and export-led income growth, with the target of 100 gwh for the year remaining unchanged. In the third quarter of 2025, corporate pool output increased by the same amount. According to sneresearch data, the global momentum for the year January-August 2025 was high.
Lithium battery loads increased by 71.8 per cent in the same year, and the city share increased by 0.7 ppt in the same year.
The ratio of high-energy-density products has led to an increase in Māori rates, and public cooperation is expected to increase revenue since 2026. While high Māori exports have been affected by tariffs, the Māori ratio of companies has risen by 2.8 ppts to 17.6% over the period, and we believe that it is mainly due to improved product structure and improved capacity utilization.
Neptune continues to push for product rotation, third generation cores have been set up by many customers, with high-energy-density series batteries reaching about 20% in the previous three quarters, and are expected to rise to 30% throughout the year. With the completion of the re-engineering of the production line and an increase in capacity utilization, the Māori rate has improved in the fourth quarter.
Good spaces. In the field of solid batteries, the company has started a 2gwhh full solid battery volume product design, which is expected to be finalized by the end of 2025 to early 2026. Currently, technological breakthroughs and cost reductions remain the core bottleneck for solid battery industrialization, with Kwan taking the lead in the industry on medium-test production.
The company has entered the popular Chinese car announcement catalogue, and we expect to generate revenue gains for the company from 2026. Profitability is expected to improve and buy.
The plant has been successfully operational, and the Moroccan (20gwh) and Slovak (20gwh) bases are expected to be operational between late 2026 and 2027 in Lillegow, phd, cfa; the pace of construction of United States plants will be subject to policy changes
Whole. Three quarters of corporate exports are subject to short-term disruptions, but with the marginal improvement of related tariff policies, the ratio of high Maori exports is expected to pick up. Adding the cost amortization effect of three generations of export core products to the price spread effect of the rise and the expansion of the scale of the exports, we judge that companies are still more profitable.
002074/ch, 002074/ch, 002074/ch, 002074/ch, 002074/ch.
I'm on the 9th floor of the Vanjie Building in Hong Kong.