On August 28, 2024, the Tiger Medicines published their semi-annual 2024 report.
\triangleright Clinic \triangleright continues to expand the global market to enable global client innovation projects to advance clinically. \triangleright
The decline in the average unit price of new bed orders affects income and Māori levels in the first half of the year. There are currently 340, 147 and 192 clinical projects in the company ' s i, ii, ii, ii, respectively; 537, 208 and 55 in the country, single regions and multi-regional projects respectively.
In the first half of the year, the company set up three special operations: cgt, glp-1, radiopharmaceuticals, and a solution department for the mnc multinational pharmaceutical company to effectively improve the success rate of domestic and international competitive bidding for clinical projects to facilitate order conversion.
The research assistant, Jobo-Yocrs, has a robust growth of operations and a large stock of smo-services.
In the first half of the year, income from laboratory services amounted to $1,659 million, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period, of which: 1) total operations were relatively robust, with more than 330 global clients, 824 ongoing projects, and over 800 global digital professionals. 2) Smo operations grew faster, with new contracts growing by 34 per cent in the first half of the year, and foreign investment and biotech grew by 34 per cent in the same year.
1. Teg medicines (300347.sz) in-depth report: Innovative policy: corporate client ratio continues to rise, with 2110 ongoing smo on-site management projects. 3) Laboratory services are constantly catalytic and integrated clinical poles are growing robustly.
Revenues are almost even compared to the same period last year, with the Fonda Holdings acquiring pre-clinical dmpk-2024/07/25 and bioanalytical laboratories in Nelvino, Italy, currently operating 5173 laboratory services.
The Māori rate has remained high, and new orders have grown rapidly with high domestic and foreign demand. The company continues to optimize its workforce \triangleright staff structure and mitigation efficiency to maintain a higher Māori rate, with a total of 9,348 employees as of the first half of the year; and with the company,
Global markets have been continuously expanded, with 1722 overseas employees, including nearly 100 from the United States and over 60 from the South-East Asia Clinical Operations Group. Based on domestic demand from multinational drug companies and the increased demand from Chinese firms to go overseas, the number and amount of new orders have increased better than the same amount in the first half of the year.
The new drug bd continues to be active in the sea, and multinational drug companies continue to look after the Chinese market and invest in it. We think that the new order signing will continue the trend of the first half of the year, and that the warmer orders will gradually be reflected in future performance improvements.
At the same time, we accelerate the opening of overseas markets. We expect the company to earn \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic in 2024-2026 to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.