On April 20, 2017, there was a fall in net profits for the company. The price of the company ' s chemical products continued to fall, and it appeared in the fourth quarter.
Restorative rises have contributed significantly to the company’s performance, but the company has increased its product prices year-on-year by $434 million plus a reduction factor. Refrigerants have been warming significantly since they entered 2017.
The industry has been in a state of depression. After almost five years of plowing, the fluorine industry has begun to move out of the week’s end. The refrigerant bank is currently low, with air conditioning and motor vehicle production increasing steadily, with the expected increase in third-generation refrigerant quota control.
We look at the profitability of the company’s main product in 2017. The company’s fluorine is a national flagship brand.
Two; third-generation fluorinated refrigerants (including r125, r134a, r32) on a global flagship scale, s07905140002, and companies are the only enterprises in the country that use their own technology to industrialize fourth-generation fluorinated refrigerants.
With the launch of projects r245 (phase I) and new types of fluorinated refrigerant technologies, production and production, the public-private sector has been strengthened by its global flagship in the sector. With regard to fluoropolymers, the company ' s production capacity of hfp products is in the forefront of the industry, and the products of faep, ptfe and so on are all in the country in terms of capacity.
Urban Gate B, 5th Floor Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. is in the forefront. With the implementation of projects such as 23.5 kt/a fluorinated new materials (phase II), 10kt/apvdf (phase I),
The company’s gradual improvement in the layout of its new material business will effectively enhance its future profitability and competitiveness. The refrigerant price trends in figure 1
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.