Larger shares (600160) Refrigerant prices have risen significantly, and companies have performed with great elasticity - Giant shares (600160) research briefs
We have recently conducted research on the company to provide in-depth communication with its management on business and future developments.The price of refrigerants has risen dramatically, and the company has performed with great elasticity \triangleright
Since this year, the prices of the main refrigerant varieties have risen significantly and the latest market prices are currently: r1251 million/tonne, with an annual increase of 376 per cent; r410a65,000/tonne, with an annual increase of 271 per cent; r32233,000/tonne, with an annual annual increase of 88 per cent of the main raw material hydrofluoric acid (HFA) to $11,250/t. Environmentally protected and production quotas
As a result, the current level of start-up in domestic refrigerant production enterprises remains at a low and medium level, subject to difficulties in the procurement of raw materials hydrofluoric acid and the effects of by-product scalding banks (6-8 tons of refrigerant by-product hydrochloric acid, waste acid treatment costs of 3,000 yuan/tons and above), with a significant increase in the level of start-up in the industry, while at the same time under the influence of downstream air conditioning season, production is expected to take place
Refrigerant prices remain high. The company has a second generation R22 capacity of 110,000 tons, a third generation refrigerant production capacity of the global tap, and a complete chain of fluorine and chlor-alkali industries.
About 80,000 tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of around 40 per cent, and thanks to the industry of chlor-alkali chemicals, raw materials methane, chlorinated substances and ethyl chlorides are also self-produced, with significantly higher profitability than their counterparts, higher refrigerant prices, and medium- and long-term prospects of benefiting from the withdrawal of third-generation refrigerant production from the European and American regions.
In accordance with the agreement reached at the 28th Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol to restrict the use of third-generation refrigerants, the European and American countries will gradually reduce the use of third-generation refrigerants by 2019. The company has a third-generation refrigerant capacity of 140,000 tons (r134a 60,000 tons, r3.240,000 tons, r.1254 million tons), with global capacity first, complete.
The chlor-alkali industrial chain has a significant cost advantage over the European and Japanese countries. Given the high cost of fourth generation refrigerants, third generation refrigerants remain the main refrigerant varieties for the next decade, the company will benefit fully from the market share of the closure of the capacity of European refrigerant producers (Akoma, the largest refrigerant manufacturer in Europe, closed European capacity in 2016).
100,000 tonnes, or 1/3 of total European capacity \triangleright, a significant 80% increase in the average price of endamide in one quarter, an average Māori of RMB 3,700/t, available to companies
In addition, the company has 460,000 tonnes of falcon (100%), and currently the industry has a net gain of nearly 1,000 yuan per ton, and the company will benefit fully from the strength of the flaring price. Food products such as company pvdc. Packaging materials will benefit from the final decision of the Ministry of Commerce on anti-dumping against Japanese firms, charging 47.1% against competitors.
Dump taxes, which companies use as an opportunity to increase the Māori rate and market share of their products. Prices of fluorinated raw materials such as dichloromethane, trichloromethane, and tetrachloroethylene increased by 10-20% over a year, the company’s 1 billion-dollar collection model last year, 17% Māori-rate levels, and the price of e-chemicals and fluoropolymeric materials were high.
This year’s performance will also continue to grow at a high rate. Third, profit forecasts and investment proposals, the risk of a significant decline in refrigerant prices, and the risk of reduced demand for downstream air conditioning.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master of Science, Certified Public Accountant, Beijing Chemical University, formerly worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Director of the Chemical Industry, Tai Pingyang Institute of Securities, joined the Chemical Team of the Democratic Securities Institute in April 2017. Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Rille, France
Rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc. The authors of large bulk products such as pvc, rubber and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardants, etc., have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.