Supply's tight, refrigerant's rising prices, mega-events, mega-stocks.
After the spring season, the domestic refrigerant market rapidly entered the season, and refrigerant products have recently risen significantly.
The demand for refrigerant products has improved rapidly, and profits from the refrigerant industry have improved rapidly. Liu Woo-hwu, demand for refrigerants has continued to grow, but supply has been limited and supply constraints have led to rapid price increases.
We are the world ' s largest refrigerant producer, with a total production of about 700,000 tons of refrigerants in 2016. The main areas of refrigerant downstream applications include car air conditioning, domestic refrigeration, commercial refrigeration, and maintenance refrigeration.
Data from the air-conditioning industry show that our monthly air-conditioning production has been on track since June 2016.
Production reached 2.58 million vehicles, an increase of 31.5 per cent over the same period. Since then, our vehicle production has declined at a rate of around 10 per cent. The demand for refrigerants has been boosted by a sustained increase in air conditioning and automobile production.
The country ' s refrigerant production grew faster between 2010 and 2013, but in subsequent years the price of refrigerants was low and the industry was in a weak and even a loss, leading to the shutdown of some units. Since the fourth quarter of 2016, demand-driven refrigerant prices have started to rise, although some plants have been in production.
There is an increase in volume, but there are still some units that are no longer capable of reproducing, while there are more reproducing hydrochloric acids during the refrigerant production process, and some of them cannot be treated in large quantities of hydrochloric acid without limiting the start-up rate.
Research Brief on megastocks (600160): The growth of refrigerants continues to fall short of demand. Refrigerants are expected to remain in a tight supply position over the next three to six months, which will support the price of refrigerants.
“The mega-stocking (600160) event evaluation report: the introduction of external investment by the company under the flag, the expansion of the counter-cyclical expansion”2 and “the upturn in the price of hydrofluoric acid from upstream refrigerants, the cost of which will also support the price of refrigerants.
3. In-depth report on mega-stocking (600160): new refrigerants, two wings of e-chemicals, 2016-07-29 The source of financial prosperity in the East
The production of 1 ton r134a requires the consumption of about 0.8 tons of hydrofluoric acid. The production of hydrofluoric acid is more decentralized and the process is more polluting.
Lower-stream refrigerant demand for hydrofluoric acid (HFA) has increased, with higher prices for hydrofluoric acid (HFA) owing to a combination of two factors. Higher costs have also supported refrigerant prices.3 The price of refrigerants has risen significantly, and business earnings will improve significantly.
Since then, the prices of r22, r134a, r410a have increased by 68 per cent, from R22 at the beginning of the year to R$15,500 per ton; r134a at the beginning of the year to R$30,500 per ton, or 56 per cent; r410a at the beginning of the year to R$35,000 per ton. After years of depression, the profits from the refrigerant industry will significantly improve in 2017.
Figure 5: Price trends in r134a in the East China region, Figure 7: Price trends in the East China region, r32
4. Larger shares will benefit from higher prices for refrigerants, and performance is expected to increase significantly in the second quarter of this yeara The main business in the stock market, the mega-stock and the Triafu (600636), includes refrigerants, which are currently deactivated due to asset restructuring, with R125 producing about 35,000 tonnes/year, r32 producing about 30,000 tonnes/year, and a total of about 235,000 tonnes/year.
The volume of revenue from the agent business was $2.24 billion, and the amount of revenue from the company ' s refrigerant business was about $1.19 billion in the first half of 2016. Assuming that the price of refrigerant products increased by 30-50 per cent in 2017 compared to the same period last year, sales would remain unchanged, and annual revenue from the megashare refrigerant business would increase.
Magnificent shares (600160): supply is tight, refrigerants continue to rise in prices, and we believe that, after a long build-up and layout, mega-stocks are becoming increasingly competitive in the field of fluorinated industries, while the continued production of new refrigerant products, electronics, etc., will result in a significant increase in the share of high value added products in companies.
The dollar, 0.35 and 0.41, which corresponds to 167 times, 35 times and 29 times, respectively. Given the company’s competitive advantage within the industry, the maintenance of mega-prices for refrigerants, if reduced significantly, would have a greater negative impact on the company’s performance.
East's financial and intellectual boom, mega-stocks (600160): supply is tight, refrigerants keep rising.
Head of the Basic Chemical Industry Group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of Pulsification and Lubricating Oil, China, in 2010-2015, in the Civil Certificate in 2015, and in the East Hing Securities in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.