Quarterly review 2022: A steady increase in post-occupancy performance, emphasis on technology development, strong leadership, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa
▪ Events: China’s newsletter published a report for the first quarter of 2022, which achieved business income of $27,933 million, yoy + 6.43 per cent, net profit for mothers of $2,217 million, yoy + 1.6 per cent, net profit for non-repatriated mothers of $1,952 million, high growth in net profit for non-repatriated mothers, and marked improvement in the Māori rate: from the point of view of the harvest, two major national and international cities
On the other hand, the business income of the three main business sectors, the operator network, the government, and the consumer, has been growing at the same time, and the overall business income has been rising steadily; in this context, the consumer business has been showing a steady upward trend, with revenues from the consumer ' s overseas market increasing by nearly 30 per cent. With the improvement in product structure, the operator ' s business-led Māori rate has continued to rise, up in 2022.
Each year q1 achieves a net profit of 1.952 billion yuan, yoy + 117.13 per cent and a significant increase in net profit for non-replacement. The recognition of non-recurring gain/loss items is carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions, defining the non-recurring gain/loss items listed in the provision as recurrent gain/loss items, with a total value of approximately $343 million.
Cost controls are working well, increasing R & D inputs continuously, and building on technological advantages: at the cost end, sales costs fall by 0.55 pp; management costs rise by 2.27 billion yuan, compared to 2.21 per cent, ring decreases by 6.55 per cent, management fees increase by 1.41 per cent and business income by 16.82 per cent, and central communications continue to increase R & D inputs.
Intense Communications: Intense Communications: External Disturbing Activism Releases, looking at the ict for a long time, building on the industrial digitalization wave, enabling the industrial intellectual transformation upgrade: building the “connection plus arithmetic” capability, energy services
The “second curve” layout, including storage, terminals, digital energy, automobiles, etc., actively promotes industry digital applications and practices by extrapolating its technical capabilities in ict and working with industry leaders.
Increased intellectual transformation of thousands of jobs. High profits, higher profits, faster business growth, more productive growth.
Quarterly reviews: Business efficiency, profitability, high performance growth. 1. Higher net profits after deduction and sustained improvement in business quality
The China-China newsletter published a report in the first quarter of 2022, which reported operating income of $27,933 million, yoy + 6.43 per cent, net return to the mother of $2,217 million, yoy + 1.6 per cent, net profit from deductions of $1,952 million, yoy + 117.13 per cent, and a sustained increase in net profit from deductions.
From a revenue-side perspective, income from both domestic and international markets, operating networks, government firms and consumers, has increased on a year-on-year basis and overall business income has steadily increased; consumer operations have shown a steady upward trend, with revenues from overseas markets for consumer operations increasing by nearly 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
q1 achieved a Māori rate of 37.78 per cent in 2022 and, with the improvement of product structure, the operator-led Māori ratio of $1.952 billion and yoy + 117.13 per cent in 2022 and a significant increase in net profit from non-Māori. The recognition of non-recurring gain/loss items is carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions and will be enumerated in the non-recurrent provisions.
Sexual gains and losses are defined as recurrent gains and losses. These include, inter alia, $521 million in value-added tax refunds for software products, $23 million in withholding tax fees and $201 million in profit and loss on investment returns and fair value changes, which together amount to approximately 1.41 per cent of growth, representing 16.82 per cent of business income, and the continuous increase in communications in core technology competition for R & D inputs.
To build a “second curve” layout of “connectivity plus arithmetic” power, power servers and storage, terminals, digital energy, automobile electronics, etc., by extending their own ict technological capabilities, strengthening cooperation with industry leaders and actively promoting industrial digital applications and technologies.
In practice, the intellectual transformation of the hundreds of thousands of jobs has been upgraded. In this context, servers and storage have received a better share of recent major collections, which have provided strong support for the growth of the company’s performance.
Good communications performance will increase steadily in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Operator demand will fall short of expectations; business development will fall short of expectations; trade friction will intensify.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board