26 April 2022 Summary of events: On 25 April 2022, the company issued a first-quarter report for the year 2022 to achieve operating income
27,933 million yuan, an increase of 6.43% in the same year, a net return to the mother of 2,217 million yuan, an increase of 1.60% in the same year, an increase of 1,952 million yuan in the non-return to the mother of the same year, an increase of 117.13% in the same year, and a significant increase in the net profit to the market.
\triangleright 22q1 registered a positive year-on-year growth in all three major businesses and in both markets, with consumer operations continuing to be released, consumers rising by nearly 30% from the same year abroad, and operators and businesses growing more robustly.
In the same way that the rise in the price of raw materials has had a limited impact on the company's Māori rate, reflecting the company's higher up/downstream control of costs, increased R&D inputs, and higher than expected profit growth rates.
The company's digitalization of insider business has increased, managing efficiency in the face of the epidemic by working hand-in-hand, and management efficiency has increased significantly, with a decrease of between 0.19 pct and 4.57 per cent in the same ratio; and a decrease of 0.55 pct in the same ratio in the cost of sales.
As of 7.70 per cent, the scale effect has gradually been reflected; companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, strengthen core competitiveness, and raise R & D fees by 0.85 pct to 16.82 per cent over the same period. 21q1 recognized the return on non-recurrent investments of 816 million and 22q1 was only 3.28 million, excluding 22q1 from the comparable caliber after the impact due to a 90 per cent interest in sales.
Looking ahead, the first curve, the second curve, and the strategic plan are clear, there have been structural changes in capital spending by domestic operators in 22 years to match the 5g market development and industrial digitization process. In China, for example, capital spending investment is projected to increase slightly by 0.9 to 185.2 billion over 22 years, but mobile communication networks are expected to increase by between 0.9 and 185.2 billion.
In response, companies have taken the following steps to strengthen the first curve: 1) in the traditional network markets of operators, increasing the competitiveness of product solutions, and pursuing more than 40% of the market share of the main domestic market products.
A review of performance is expected, the Māori rate has improved significantly, there is now a shift from mainstream suppliers to core suppliers, and the overseas market is stable, focusing on efficiency and compliance.
2) In the operator ' s cloud network transformation market, the company has increased its underlying ict equipment capacity, software development capacity, collection performance with a similar high growth, second growth curve future, innovation capacity combined with the operator ' s cloud network transformation needs to provide a depth of demand, including servers and storage, chips, operating systems
3. China Communications (000063): Spilling products and solutions such as customised products and data centres in the context of increased acquisitions, deep embrace of the digital economy. In China’s telecommunications site, synergies are expected.
In the 2022-2023 server collection, the company was ranked first two in multiple bid packages, with a total winning value of 3.438 billion 4.Cymogenetic Communications (000063): solid-new, second curve dollar, which provides strong support for performance growth.
The extension of the original car electronics, digital energy, etc., as a breakthrough to speed up innovation, and the formation of 5. Communications: q3 (000063), with a significant increase in the performance of car electronics lines, smart household product lines, digital energy lines and mines, metal industry task forces, etc.
The ict flagship profits continue to be released, adapting to the new business development model of the second curve. Investment advice: value the company's increased Māori ratio and improved profitability from cost control, while looking forward to the second.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.