Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The firm's first quarter report of 2022, issued on 25 April, and the company's operating income was realized during the reporting period.
27,933 million yuan, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period; 2.22 billion yuan in net profits attributable to general shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period; and a solid start and a rising trend in profits attributable to ordinary shareholders in listed companies.
6.4 per cent, down from the growth rate of 13 per cent in 21 years, and taking into account the global geo-political changes in the quarter and the repeated effects of domestic epidemics on the supply chain of ict, the company as a whole has managed to operate smoothly.q1 is a low season for traditional communications, and the company has achieved an increase of 117.1 per cent in the net profit from non-return to its parent, indicating that the company is in the middle of the season.
Sub-businesses, corporate operators, government firms, and consumer businesses are growing at the same rate. Consumers 1. Opening a new phase of qualitative growth - public money communications - has performed relatively well, with revenues from overseas markets increasing by 30% on a year-on-year basis.
The proliferation of developing markets and the continuous rise in the domestic 5g market share are expected to continue to grow steadily in 22 years, in the context of steady capital spending by operators.
On the 5g side, the company's share of 5g base stations continues to be the third largest worldwide, with a two-fold rise in revenue and a shift to growth-national gold, with the launch of a new generation of very simple sites, the unisiteneo programme, and the first 50 gpon prototype.
The chip area, the company already has the industry leading chip full-process design capability, the end chip self-research rate is 50%, and the share of external sales is increasing. At the same time, in the context of “double carbon”, the digital economy, the “East-West accounting” and other new industries such as corporate energy servers and storage, terminals, digital energy, auto-electronics, etc.
A new phase of qualitative growth is under way. Against a background of stable global operator capital spending, the public trust sector has accumulated a surge of years of ict capacity, and corporate second-growth curve companies have been on the fast track.
It is hoped that the value of capacity in new business areas, such as Dao, semiconductor, and auto electronics, will gradually be recognized by the market, that the Division will start a new phase of qualitative growth, and that the market valuation hub will be expected to move up. While the market share of global and domestic equipment dealers expands, new firms, semiconductors, automobiles, etc.
The commercialization of 5g was less than expected, the operator ' s capital expenditure was less than expected and the new business was not expanding as expected.