q1's performance has grown significantly in excess of the expected withholding of non-net profits — Quarterly Performance Report 2022 issued by Sino-Change Communications (000063.sz): q1 in 2022, the company achieved business income of $27.93 billion.
This represents an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period; a net return of 2.22 billion yuan, or 1.6 per cent over the same period; and a non-net profit of Cao Xuant, whose performance exceeds our previous expectations, and a significant increase in the non-net return.
Quality and operational efficiency are being improved, the profitability of the main business continues to improve, and the Māori rate continues to improve. JANG Jianyu has made steady progress in the first quarter of the year, building on the competitiveness of core technology and increasing investment in research and development.
Under the twin challenges of a complex external environment and a new coronary epidemic, companies operate robustly, achieving both domestic and international markets, with businesses, governments, and consumers increasing their operating income by the same year. Cost collectors’ operations are showing a steady spread, with consumer overseas markets growing by nearly 30% on a year-on-year basis.
Cost controls are good, and the Māori rate continues to improve. The company’s excellent management capacity is well represented.
The cost of marketing, management, and financial costs, respectively, are expected to open up the second growth curve and move across the board to the world’s top 500. The operator’s business is “hard” . The domestic market companies are deeply involved in the large-scale construction of 5g, striving for major production.
The government is committed to becoming a “digital economy roadbuilder” with the use of ict technology to empower the industry. Increased industry outreach, enhanced channel competitiveness, and a focus on niche products are expected to achieve high growth rates.
The company is determined to develop its consumer business, working to create a landscape-wide smart ecology. It continues to publish competitive products, strengthen brand inputs and channels, making them an important engine of income growth.
A new energy business was launched. A car electronics line was also set up to facilitate intelligent growth in the area of motor vehicles. 1, China Communications (000063.sz): Advances (China Communications (000063.sz) annual report forecast
3. Mid-Engineer Communications (000063.sz)
Zhang Jianyu, a master of engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for years in the ict industry, joined the Port of Shin securities in November 2021 as his research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.