Summary of events: 3rd Quarterly Report 2024 issued by Chewie. 2024q1-q3, the company achieved business income of 3,367 million yuan.
The three-quarter harvests have grown steadily, and the Maori rate has continued to be pressured, mainly by the depreciation of the ring line, changes in product structure and fluctuations in the sink rate, and is expected to improve marginally in the long run, after the advantage of the chip size has been highlighted. The Māori rate in the third quarter of 2024, the pre-line depreciation has greatly delayed Māori performance, with a change in the depreciation of the company's fixed assets in the first three quarters of 2024 amounting to approximately $413 million.
The total share of the module is currently 43%, and is expected to continue to rise as further marketization of the module moves forward. In the future, companies are expected to achieve marginal improvements in the Māori rate with the country’s leading self-control capacity, after the rise in the utilization rate of the ring line output has led to economies of scale.
6-inch saw filters and 12-inch ipd filters have reached a high self-production rate. The company’s 6-inch filter line includes normal-saw filters, max-saw filters, etc., and products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules that are now integrated into home-grown filters have been successfully imported into multiple brand customers and are continuously released.
In addition, the company ' s 12 inches of radio frequency switches and the first generation of lna process production lines have been implemented, entering the production phase in the second quarter of 2024 and gradually forming output and capacity slopes in the third quarter.
The client has gradually increased its exposure, covering many brand clients and most of the Odm clients. At the same time, the radio frequency switch products have been integrated into the module during the third quarter and are beginning to produce.
Uphill, I-Pamid has significantly increased its R & D inputs through some brand clients, I-Pamid is well advanced, and a new product rotation has been completed in the last three quarters, with performance \triangleright \triangleright
Verification - company summary report 2. Kuo-sung-wae (300.782): Ten years of sword grinding achievement, radio frequency tap, self-controllable build-up of a powerful inner core I.
The increase of 83.50% is mainly due to the corresponding modular cost of the flow of large quantities of products from the core line. l-Pamid, the most complex and brightest product in the front end of the radio frequency, has been introduced in the second quarter and has been tested by some brand clients for 3.5g in the lead-up to the radio frequency.
In the third quarter, the company completed a new cycle of product upgrades - semiconductor panids - which further enhanced product performance. Looking ahead, the product is expected to reach 2025.
After this, we highlight the first breakthroughs that are expected to lead to a reduction in mature products and a national replacement for high-end products. We have fine-tuned future forecasts, introduced data on legal compliance, carefully developed research findings, and produced the present report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.