Increased contribution of modular products, owning Fab-line output events: company reports in mid-2024, with 2024h1 generating 2,285 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, less cyclical changes at the front end of the radio frequency, and additional amounts resulting from the sale of radio frequency modules.
The impact of macro-related factors, such as conflict management, economic slowdown, and intense market competition, is that the semiconductor market is under greater pressure globally and even domestically, and that the sector in which the company is located in the field of fragmentation of the front end of the radio frequency is also affected by the environment, with cyclical trends declining. During the reporting period, companies increased their market for filter module products.
Extension efforts to gradually increase the penetration and market share of high-performance products on brand clients, radio frequency module sales up to 42.29 per cent, the highest ever, with a sustained focus on product technology and increasing R & D inputs in the future.
In industry, technological innovation is key to the long-term competitiveness of firms. During the reporting period, firms invested 49,297,100 yuan in R & D, an increase of 94.22 per cent over the same period, and R & D expenditure as a share of operating income of 21.58 per cent, which is a strategic option to ensure that firms are at the forefront of intense market competition.
The resource platform has significant advantages and high-end markets continue to function. The company relies on its own production lines, which continue to expand in terms of specialty processes, materials, technology, differentiation: 1.6-inch filter line product groups have been fully configured, with split devices such as double/four works, single chip multi-frequency filters, etc.
The product has been successfully imported into multiple brand customers and continues to be released. As of 24h1.6 inches of filter crystals, the production line has actually delivered more than 100,000 pieces since the steady scale of production.
The research and development of the products of the pamid will gradually enrich the product model, continuously layout the high-valued product matrix, and form a strategic closure of the product. 2. The company ' s 12 inches of iipd platform has officially entered the modulus production phase.l-patif, ifem, etc., with the ratio of self-produced ipd filters in related module products
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report