Short-term performance pressure, building long-term competitiveness of self-built production lines The three-quarterly report of 2024 (300782.sz) was issued by the incident company and generated revenue of 3,367 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024.
3q24 has a robust income scale, and the influence of depreciation/fee control has led to a loss of profit. From a single-quarter performance, the decline in the Māori Ring is mainly due to factors such as the depreciation of production lines, product structure, and competition between companies for their own core-line production. In terms of cost rates, the company has invested $260 million in research and development for 3q24.
Compare: +15.88 per cent R & D cost ratio: +9 pcts, management/sale/financial cost rate is stable. Prince Road Company 3q24 realizes a net return profit of $71 million, corresponding to 84.29 per cent, ring ratio: -54.63 per cent; deductible
Self-built filter lines, long-term corporate competitiveness. By the end of 3q24 the company had fixed assets of $5.054 billion, an increase of more than 109 per cent over the end of 23 years, mainly in industrialization of the semiconductor. See, the chipper semiconductor increases the company ' s depreciation pressure, but in the long run it will provide the company with idm.
The platform is expected to further support the company’s overall RF chip’s combined competitiveness. The company’s 6-inch filter line and 12-inch ipd platform are now fully configured, while products such as difem, l-difem, and gps modules, which integrate home-grown filters, have been successfully imported into multiple brand customers and continue to be released.
Taking advantage of our own strengths, building full RF product line coverage, increasing penetration of high-end products, strengthening the core, investing in companies that are home-grown RF chip pioneers, we look forward to the company's long-term growth space, and we are personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of our research. Any part of my remuneration has not been the same in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.