25 February 2019 Good push by Sindha Securities Industry: CSRC issued a draft for comments on the Manager ' s Product Guidelines for Managing Directors of Securities Fund Operating Agencies
On the evening of 22 February, the CVM issued a draft opinion on the product guidelines for managers among managers of securities fund operators, which regulates the definition of the product of Mom, the operating model, the qualifications of the main participants, the division of duties between mother and child managers and trustees, the operation of investments, risk management and internal controls, among other things, and we believe that the implementation of the Opinion will have three implications:
The first is to facilitate the transition to net worth of a broad-based business. Mom products are multi-assessed, multi-style, multi-managered, and meet the requirements of large investment institutions, such as banks, insurance, large-scale, risk-diffusion, and robust investments, avoiding the shortcomings of their professional investment managers. As asset management agencies, the Foundation can collaborate with institutions, such as banks, insurance, and so on, by using its mom products to leverage the advantages of asset allocation, industry and unit research to help leverage capital.
Second, it helps to improve the differentiated core competitiveness of the various types of financial institutions. In recent years, investment products in the domestic financial sector that are focused on specific areas, industries or themes have been increasing, with different risk preferences, long-term characteristics and leverage levels emerging, and the industry is moving from simple investment agencies to asset-seeking, product-designing, product-based,
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that combines policy foresight and business management. Mom product managers can build professional, structured systems of financial services and enhance differentiated core competitiveness.
Third, there is increased competition in the management business, and regulators face shuffling of cards. The parent fund manager is limited to public and private fund-raising agencies approved by the CSRC, excluding silver.
Money management and trust, etc.; subfund managers include bank finance and insurance managers, not private fund managers who file with the fund association. This means that only 1-2 shares will be added to the management period.
The company’s current static valuation level is at a historically low level, and regulatory marginal easing is gradually driving up performance, and the city is still looking forward to it, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the performance elasticity of the stock movement, which is seen as a significant victory over the market.
Large shares. Long-term attention should continue to be given to both front-loaders and special-soldiers. Current portfolio: Eastern securities (600958).
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown Street, Beijing City West Side.
In recent years, firms have seized market opportunities and rapidly strengthened their capital strength through a number of strategic equity and bond financings. While liquidity and regulatory indicators continue to meet regulatory requirements, reasonable arrangements for debt maturity replacements and efficient financing of operations; and companies are also actively expanding offshore financing to ensure the healthy and orderly development of offshore operations.
In the first half of 2018, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management business were 26.62, respectively. By size, the size of the firm’s wholly owned firm’s fiduciary asset management increased steadily, and the advantage of proactive management increased further. In the first half of 2018, the volume of corporate fiduciary asset management was $219.702 million, an increase of 2.48 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with proactive management exceeding $200 billion, or a high proportion.
98.23. Far from the average in the securities management industry, E.C. is ranked first in the net revenue industry entrusted with the management of assets.3 Development of investment ventures enhances the international profile. Companies are engaged in investment banking mainly through the Eastern Citigroup, which holds 66.67% of shares, and its fixed-income business headquarters.
The purpose of Citigroup Worldwide Finance Asia Ltd.'s adjustment to the investment strategy and business layout in China is to acquire 33.33% equity in Eastern Citigroup. The resolution is still under discussion in the Board of Directors, and success in its implementation remains to be seen.
The Eastern Stock Exchange (2016.8.30), " Self-sustained profit levels and high corporate performance elasticity " (2017.4.10), " Self-sustained management shows good performance, compared to the comparable performance " , has been in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. There are multi-dimensional research experiences in international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.