M.M.I.D. (300,760): One-stop-to-stop solutions service provider, enhanced R & D innovation, M.I.D.
The net profit on the part of shareholders in listed companies is 2,369 million yuan, an increase of 26.57 per cent over the previous year.
The medical equipment industry is in its golden age, and the industrial dividend contributes to the rapid growth of the enterprise. As the country’s technology breakthroughs and industrial support policies have landed, the national production substitution trend has led to a “value-for-money dividend”, and the equipment is gradually being developed from the lower end to the higher end, permeating from the lower level hospitals to the higher end.
The service concept of providing a “one-stop” holistic solution has developed three main lines of business that are working in parallel: 1) go deep into the area of surgery and provide comprehensive life-care support.
Overall solutions; in the international market, companies have developed good products based on the quality of international first-class products, and high-end custodian products have been installed in international high-end hospitals. During the reporting period, operating revenues were 3,226 million yuan, an increase of 24.44 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company introduced chemical luminous immune analysis products and a variety of reagents with reliable quality and cost advantages, which are expected to result in a more visible substitution for import brands. At the same time, chemical luminous products will be integrated with biochemical analysis, high-end five-class blood cell analysis and crp.
In the first half of the year, operating revenues now amounted to 2.845 billion yuan, an increase of 22.48 per cent. 3) Superbing through colours, moving to higher end markets. Corporate high-end superproducts fill the gap in the high end of the market.
Hospital recognition of products has created better customer stickyness, both within and outside the country, and has provided new growth incentives for companies. At the same time, in order to enhance product competitiveness, companies have sunk high-end functions to lower-middle- and lower-end products, with full functional upgrading of medium- and lower-end products.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the financial and intellectual booms in the East have increased by 12.51 per cent.
The company’s management is deeply aware that innovation is the driving force behind the development of the medical appliances industry in the long run, and has thus built an international leading health product innovation system (mpi) based on market orientation.
Eight major R & D centres have been set up globally to ensure that new products are cultivated and mature are staggered. During the reporting period, R & D investment was 778 million yuan, an increase of 10.15 per cent over the same period. In 2019, the company will strengthen product R & D across the board: 1) Life Information and Support Blocks, which will develop new custody parameters to form an intelligent product system; 2) In vitro diagnostic plates, focusing on biochemical and immune water flow development, with a focus on research capabilities.
Testing of reagents to meet clinical needs, development of artificial intelligence recognition techniques to form intelligent operations; 3) Medical imaging panels to promote real-time three-dimensional imaging and image development and the development of intelligent applications based on large data.
In cooperation with leading international medical institutions, including the Mayo Clinic, Massachusetts General Hospital, corporate products have gained wide recognition in countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France, which have gradually developed a strong international branding effect. Over the reporting period, overseas markets achieved operating revenues of $3.414 billion, an increase of 20.37%, Latin America and Europe as major revenue-contributors regions, and overseas market performance is expected as international marketing channels expand.
While pursuing the rigid quality of their products and technologically leading, companies have acquired a wide range of marketing channels and first-class product technologies through domestic and foreign M&As. Since the launch of the global M&As in 2008, they have undertaken multiple acquisitions of life information and support, in vitro diagnostics, medical imaging, endoscopes and high-value osteoporosis operations, respectively, through existing resources.
The constant integration of sources has created a global development platform for integrated R & D, marketing, manufacturing, providing long-term momentum for companies to do their jobs, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, M.M.M. (300,760): One-stop integrated solution service provider, enhanced R & D innovation for product upscaling and upscaling.
A nine-year experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, which has been a core member of the new wealth team.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports a one-stop solution service provider, strengthening R & D innovation for product up-scaling and without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.