The company is now the largest in the country, with the best product line in the industry, and a leading medical service in the country and abroad.
The suppliers of instruments and solutions, the products cover three main areas: life information support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery. Companies insist on autonomous innovation and seek internationalization strategies through endogenous extension. Companies have a high reputation for many of their products in the top three sectors of the country and abroad.
The company is expected to take the lead as an absolute leader in the hardware industry for the golden decade of development, and it is expected to benefit from innovative research and development, extended M&As, and the internationalization strategy’s achievements as the largest provider of medical equipment in the country. The department has been working in the deep-farming medical equipment industry since its inception, expanding the company’s product lines through endogenous and outreach.
R & D and sales are parallel to international development strategies. Corporate R & D costs tend to remain above 10% a year, with eight major R & D centers across the globe, innovation R & D support companies that upgrade their products from mid- to low-end to high-end industries, and national brands cross the line from running to lead.
The company, based on its own niche business, M&As of high-end technology and markets, achieves rapid coverage of product lines to diversify and sell channels. The company's internationalization strategy since 2000, after nearly two decades of international business development, has resulted in the sale of corporate products to more than 190 countries and territories around the world.
The three pillars of life information support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery are well developed. The three main pillars of life information are the company’s traditional advantage business, which already enjoys a higher brand on the domestic market.
Reputation: the foreign market has entered a number of large and well-known complex hospitals and teaching hospitals in Europe and America, and the plate has increased its profitability as high-end products are put into the market; the in vitro diagnosis is the fastest growing subset, with chemical luminous companies later occupying the top, and reagent testing is comprehensive.
(a) The equipment covers the low, medium and high end, meets the needs of different medical institutions and leads in the instrument release speed industry;
According to China's Medical and Financial Association, the overall compound growth rate of China's medical and equipment market has been 20.5% over the last 10 years, far away.
China’s market has a huge demand for product penetration, with large incremental space, and will maintain a high-speed expansion for a long time to come. The policy of graded consultations has resulted in an expansion of the market at the grass-roots level and a significant increase in the demand for medical care; and it has encouraged the purchase of domestic equipment.
Equipment to facilitate the process of import substitution; policies to encourage innovative R & D, priority reviews, etc., encourage firms to increase innovative R & D. Nationally produced medical devices have a clear price advantage over imported products, national flagship brands, product quality, etc., are more secure in the competition of domestic firms.
With a market price on 1 July 2019 as the standard, it is more advantageous to take advantage of the policy of hierarchizing, encouraging innovation in research and development, import substitution, etc., which has ushered in a golden decade of growth in the nuclear industry, and we believe that the company is the absolute leader in the machinery industry.
With strong R & D, marketing, branding capabilities, there is a clear advantage in competition, with the prospect of first benefiting, and a further increase in market share, with billions of dollars to maintain a higher rating.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, extraction prices, exchange rate fluctuations, market expansion for new products below expectations, failure in research and development of new technologies, etc.
Pharmacy creatures, Tang Chow Woo, Zhang Waia.