Murray Medical (300.760.sz)
Last night, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, 19h1 generated $8,206 million (+20.52 per cent) in operating income and $1.95 per share. 19q2 net profit return increased by 28.08 per cent, ring increased by 33.27 per cent, performance was evident, and the cost rate was lower to raise the profit level.
2019h1 company collected $8,206 million (+20.52 per cent) in total, resulting in a net profit of $2,369 million (26.57 per cent); product lines cover three main areas of business: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, among which is life.
3.26 billion yuan (+24.44 per cent) for information and support operations, 2,845 million yuan (+22.48 per cent) for in vitro diagnostic operations, medical: three-quarter performances compared to q1, 1,973 million yuan (+12.51 per cent) for medical imagery operations, and visible recovery of life information and support operations, with increased recovery rates
There's a decline, and the equipment front business is worth sustaining, and the medical video business is going down, and the in vitro diagnostics business is growing steadily and rapidly. The overall Māori rate is Māri Medical (300,760).
M.M.M.I.P.'s annual report, has decreased by 1.55 pct and 0.2 pct (excluding R & D costs), and the net profit rate has risen by almost 1.33 pct to 28.88%.
The sales team, which is close to 3,000, combined with the sales model “distribution plus direct sales”, and developed countries such as the United States, which are dominated by direct sales, have the unshakeable status of direct sales equipment, account for about 14 per cent of the company's total revenue, down from the end of last year, mainly due to a higher rate of domestic business growth in the distribution model.
Quick. The company’s product lines are growing evenly, becoming the lead sheep for domestic platform-type instruments.
In recent years, the investment level of 10% of average annual sales earnings has been maintained, the absolute value of R & D inputs and the average income ratio have been placed on the market, leading companies, and far ahead of other equipment. In addition to accelerating innovation in existing products, the focus has been on emerging areas of medical equipment, such as micro-surgery, in the interior-scan surgical apparatus and in the hard mirror system.
There has been some investment and some accumulation of technology that will nurture the level of R&D as a new business growth point; companies have moved from learning, digesting and absorbing innovation to an autonomous innovation phase, especially in ultrasound images, and have moved from following the world's leading technology to leading the world's technology.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings Exchange gain/loss risk; product sales below expectations; industry competition risk.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.