On the 28th of August 2019, three major sections performed well and the platform's advantages were highlighted.
The performance of the various sections of the company continues to be robust, and the advantages of the hardware platform are highlighted.
24.44 per cent long, or 39.3 per cent of total income, with the expansion of the needs of the basic hospitals, monitors, anesthesia, circulation market value (millions of yuan): the breathing market has benefited significantly, with companies having strong brands, channels and value for money at the grass-roots level, platform-type
An in vitro diagnostic plate: 2,845 million yuan, or 2.34 pct. A zero-sum, intensive or collateral purchase will force the hospital to purchase more value-added products, which will benefit the country’s leading business. A medical video plate: 1,974 million yuan, which is the same increase.
The overall image market was relatively flat in the first half of the year, and it is expected that companies will continue to optimize and upgrade their products in the first half of the year, with continued cost advantages, such as the central station of the new Bubre sub-heavy disease, the abdominal abdominal abdominal system, medium- and low-end ultrasound and full automatic biochemistry, photo-immunisation devices and products.
R & D costs 705 million yuan, or 8.60 per cent of income, representing a slight decrease of about 0.41 pct from the 2018 level.
The overall Māori rate has been maintained at a high level of 65.23 per cent (1.24 ptt), with overall cost control.
Murray's health, as the largest share of medical devices, continues to move towards platform, high-end, globalisation, and is looking forward to further breakthroughs in the high-end and international arenas in the medium and long term.
2018.10.15 The development of new products has not progressed as expected; policy implementation has not progressed as expected; exchange rate fluctuations risk; product prices Liu Hyemin
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.