Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medical equipment iii
Performance is on track, with steady growth in three major business areas: company announcement, semi-annual report, 2019; company operating income of $8,206 million in the first half of 2019; performance is on track; and sustained robust growth in three major business areas: sub-product line view, company life information and support industry
Circulation capital (million shares) — $3.26 billion, an increase of 24.44 per cent over the previous year — with the introduction of a guardian device to drive greater synergy between the simultaneous growth of tremors, anesthesia, respirators, injection pumps and the production of products in the field, and the overall resolution of the unit
Programmes and information-building have begun to yield results, and domestic market occupancy rates continue to rise steadily. In vitro diagnostic operations have achieved a rapid increase in the use of automated cascades for photo-immun analysis and associated biochemical, immuno-reagent products, in conjunction with high-end five-class blood, cell analysis and Crp integration testing, and in the product advantage of automated flow lines for blood cells.
The rate of penetration in mid-to-high-end hospitals increased market share and performance increased significantly. Medical video operations received $1974 million, an increase of 12.51 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of delays in government tenders in the first half of the year and slow procurement of private hospitals, which decreased.
Levels are lower than domestic products and the faster increase in overseas sales has led to a decline in the overall Māori rate of operations; an in vitro diagnosis rate of 63.18 per cent, or 2.34 pp per year, mainly due to increased competition in the market; and a further improvement in the capacity of medical imagery, with a 23.28 per cent decrease in sales costs for 2019h1 companies, or 1.55 pp per year;
Zhou Xingming has increased the share of R & D investment, and new products have been introduced: R & D by 2019h1 is valued at $778 million, along with the hypervisorx sub-heavy central station, the abdominal abdominal machine, the optical hard tube abdominal mirror, and the medium-high-end desktop colour.
Superdc-80x-insight, new low end portable superz50/z60 and new black and white superdp50 specialist, low end desktop superdc-30v2.0, bs-2000m full autochemical analyser (m2), cl-60000im2 fully self-propelled chemical lumination analyser, biochemical reagent products (oncology, nails, anaemia, liver fibres) platform optimization
M.M.: Three lines of business go hand in hand, leading by example, a series of products and upgrades with excellent performance, reliable quality, cost advantages in the same order of the market. In addition, the company, as the lead agency, undertakes two priority R & D plans for the National Science and Technology Department, and participates in two as a participant.
The Ministry of Science and Technology focused its research and development programme, which is recognized and supported by the State in the development of new products and in clinical demonstration applications of high-end products.
Mary Medical Care: The taps of a thick and thin-haired medical device have branches in over 30 provinces and autonomous regions of the country; they have subsidiaries in more than 30 countries outside the country, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions. Corporate products have covered 110,000 medical institutions and 99 per cent of the country's territory.
The company’s products on the international market are long-standing partners in leading health institutions around the world, such as the Mayo Clinic, John Hopkins Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cleveland Medical Center, etc. The company’s products have been successful.
In many high-end health-care institutions, the world’s top cardio-surgery hospital, the Royal Paphovos Hospital (Royalpapworthhospital), has achieved coverage of the institution-wide care solution. The investment proposal is that Murray, our leading global health-care company, has a clear leader.
The Division is now technically able to compete with foreign cutting-edge products such as guardianship, blood cell analysers, medium- and low-end colours, and is continuing to make technological breakthroughs in the fields of high-end chemical light, automated streaming, and high-end specialist colours. In 2019, 2020 and 2021, the revenues are expected to be $16,715 million, $20,276 million and $24,597 million, respectively, with net profits.