M.M.I. (300760) Medical biology performed well, and business efficiency increased further, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: operating income of $8.21 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.37 billion for mothers, an increase of 26.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.33 billion for non-retroactivity, an increase of 26.4 per cent in the same year.
• Robust income-side growth and further improvements in business efficiency. 2019q2 achieved revenue of $4.3 billion, an increase of 20.4 per cent over the previous quarter, continuing a steady growth trend of 20.7 per cent over the previous quarter, and q2 achieved a net return profit of $1.36 billion, an increase of 28.1 per cent over the previous quarter, a further increase of 24.6 per cent over the previous quarter, a strong increase at the cost end.
The percentage point, with administrative costs of $410 million, represents a 5 per cent decrease of 0.2 per cent compared to the same period last year, with a net interest rate of 28.9 per cent, an increase of 1.4 percentage points compared to the same period last year, and a further increase in profitability. In addition, the company’s operating cash flow for the first half of the year was $2.1 billion, an increase of 39.5 per cent.
• The three main products continue to show steady growth and the country’s leadership is rising further. During the reporting period, the company’s three main areas of business continued to grow robustly, with: (a) life information and support generating income of 32.3 billion yuan, an increase of 24.4 per cent over the same period.
The rapid growth of products such as machines, pumps, etc., and the early results of the overall medium-term solutions and the building of the information system, with a steady increase in domestic market ownership; and 2) the in vitro diagnostics operation, which generated revenue of $2.85 billion, an increase of 22.5 per cent compared to the 22.5 per cent, are expected to continue with a high growth trend in chemical light products and an in vitro diagnosis.
The pull effect of the overall growth of the plate has been further enhanced; 3) the medical image business has generated revenues of $1.97 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period, with a series of high-school low-end desktop and portable superproducts introduced in the first half of the year, sunk high-end technologies and functions to medium- and low-end products, high-end coloured in several hospitals, including in Europe and America.
The overall competitiveness of the coloured super-product line has been further enhanced. Overall, the company’s revenue-side performance in the first half of the year was significantly better than that of its peers, further highlighting the fact that Murray is the head of the domestic medical apparatus. We believe that as the company’s product lines continue to be enriched, the three product lines are rising from the middle to the middle to the top, and the domestic market is expected to grow steadily.
Offshore market space will also be opened further. Robotheads, more competitive globally, with wide future growth space, maintain “buy-in” ratings. Murray Medical (300,760): q2 continues to grow robustly.
4. Murray Medical Care (300760): performance in line with expectations.
(218-10-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.