Wong Schwig, good performance growth, good cost control, smooth growth in corporate business income in the first half of the year, while emerging business dynamically drives the whole.
Performance showed a sustained growth; net profit for mothers was 2,369 million yuan, an increase of 26.57 per cent over the same period; net profit for non-repatriate mothers was deducted, a rise of 2,329 million yuan, an increase of 26.43 per cent over the same period. Total gross interest rate for companies in the first half of 2019 was 65.25 per cent, a decrease of 2.42 pct over the same period last year.
A decrease of 1.55 pct, a decrease of 0.99 pcc on the same year, and a better cost management. Three business plates have developed smoothly and market penetration continues to rise.
Like the three main areas of business, there have been promising performances in both domestic and foreign markets. 1) Life information and support operations: $3.26 billion in revenues in the first half of the year, an increase of 24.44 per cent over the same period, Māori rates, reputation, good market fundamentals, synchronisation of products in the same fields as tremors, anesthetics, respirators, etc.
The synergies of growth are further magnified, contributing to robust performance. 2) In vitro diagnostic operations: yielding 2,845 million yuan, an increase of 22.48 per cent over the same period, Māori 63.18 per cent over the same period.
Cost advantages. With the company's strength, the penetration of products in mid-to-high-end hospitals has increased rapidly, with bright performances. 3) Medical video business: a total of $1,974 million, a year-on-year increase, has produced a series of high-school low-end desktop and portable superproducts that will provide high-end technology and functionality.
The cost of R & D has continued to increase, and the performance of innovative products has increased.
In the first half of 2019, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to $778 million, representing about 9.48 per cent of revenue, an increase of 10.15 per cent over the previous year, while the emphasis on R & D inputs has also produced significant results in the innovation of the company ' s products.
In addition to this, the company has launched the abdominal abdominal system, the hypervisorx sub-heavy central station, the optical hard tube coronary mirror, and the middle-high end.
Desktop super-dc-80x-insight, new low-end portable super-z50/z50 and new black and white super-dp50 expert, low-end desktop super-dc-30v2.0, bs-2000m full-automatic biochemistry (m2), cl-6000im2 fully automated chemical photo immune analyser, biochemical reagent
A variety of upgrades and innovations, such as product platforms. With the continued expansion and upgrading of product pipelines, companies have become the only three areas of business in the world with a wide variety of products and a comprehensive coverage of high-, medium- and low-end medical equipment enterprises, constantly meeting customer demand for product renewal.
In the future, as the market for medical appliances continues to grow and import substitution continues, companies, as leading firms, will continue to expand their market share and promote robust growth in their performance.
Risks of out-of-country and international policy changes: Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: The risk of raising funds for investment projects has a good market base and marketing network. Therefore, with the rapid growth of the country’s medical equipment market in recent years, and further increased concentration in the industry, companies will be expected to highlight the excellence.
In addition, due to the company ' s long-term focus on innovative inputs, innovative products are introduced on an annual basis to meet the demand for renewal and product diffusion at all levels, with the extension of product coverage in the future.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.