As the largest rural commercial bank in the country, where the retail base is strong, where the edge of indebtedness is evident, retail operations will grow again, with the impact of the epidemic diminishing, and corporate asset quality in general.
Interest income performance was excellent and the rate of increase in revenue rose at a lower rate.
(vs 4.55 per cent, 2020q1, with net interest income increasing by 4.62 per cent over the year, with a flat interest-rate spread ratio of one quarter over the same period, a steady growth in revenue from revenue from non-interest, with net fees rising by 8.77 per cent over the year, as a result of firm consolidation.
Good performance in the transformation of people’s business base and net value-based property, with the highest financial processing fees (62.8%) and the fastest-growing rate (+18.4%), was the most significant factor in the increase in fees’ income. On the one hand, the company’s profit performance was hit back by a large number of retirees during the same period last year.
The impact of insurance contributions, on the other hand, has increased the provision to cover changes in risk in the two quarters, the deficit in interest spreads has increased significantly, and the cost ratio of interest-paying liabilities has improved significantly.
The steady performance of the two-quarter spread is expected to be due mainly to the positive performance of the cost of the liabilities. On the one hand, the company is estimated to have adjusted the internal structure of the deposits, with some pressure on the high-cost deposits; on the other hand, the pressure on the cost of the peer debt is relaxed in a highly dynamic context.
The downside is still the policy direction, the asset-end rate of return is still under pressure, and it is estimated that the company will have a steady drop in interest differentials. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the firm’s credit grew more resiliently in two quarters, with the loan ring increasing by 5.25 per cent (vs2.92 per cent, 2020q1), and faster than the asset-end total.
The ratio of total liabilities rose by 2.2 percentage points to 73.8 per cent, and the balance of deposits was maintained first in Chongqing. Structurally, 76.5 per cent of deposits were personal deposits, with a strong retailing advantage.
At the end of the six-month period, the poor rate was 1.28 per cent, with a small increase of 3 bp over the first quarter; 2.41 per cent for loan types of concern and 9 bp above the beginning of the year. According to our calculations, the company in quarter 2 showed some potential pressure on the quality of the assets of the companies affected by the epidemic, but the company increased in quarter 2.
At the end of 2020, the level of the company’s overdue provisions was high in the industry, and a strong provision guaranteed risk resilience.
Quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations as a result of the downside of the economy.
qoq, with loans + 13.85% yoy/+5.25% qq; deposits + 6.07% yoy/+ 1.55% qq. Business income increased steadily over the year + 4.97%, credit cost increases slowed net profit gains
The increase of 4.62% over the same period was a marked improvement over the one-quarter increase (+1.56%), mainly due to the stability of the interest-rate gap ring and a narrow reduction in the same-year rate. On non-interest income, the net fees earned by companies increased by 8.77% over the same period, thanks to the firm's solid personal business base and net value-based approach. Good performance in the transformation of property, with the highest fees for financial management (62.8%) and the fastest rate of growth (+18.4%)
The most significant factor in the increase in fees and revenues is the company’s profit performance. On the one hand, it was affected by the recovery of large contributions from retirees during the same period last year, with operating and management fees fluctuated from a low base in the current period to a higher level than in the previous year, and on the other hand, the company’s two-quarter interest-rate spread ratio in response to risk changes was equal to 2.30% in the second quarter. In the context of asset-end returns, we expect a steady performance of two-quarter interest differentials.
On the one hand, it is estimated that the company has adjusted the internal structure of the deposits, with some pressure on high-cost deposits; on the other hand, the pressure on the cost of the corporate debt has eased in the context of sufficient liquidity. Looking ahead, the downward trend in the lending interest rate will remain the policy direction, the downward pressure on the asset-end rate of return will remain, and it is estimated that the company’s interest differential will decline steadily as the impact of the epidemic subsides.
At the end of the liability, the savings of the comptoir increased by 6.07 per cent/1.5 per cent, the share of total liabilities rose by 2.2 percentage points to 73.8 per cent, and the balance of deposits remained first in the Chongqing area.
At the end of the six-month period, the poor rate at the firm was 1.28 per cent, a small increase of 1 bp over the first quarter, a rise of 3 bp over the same year, and the ratio of loans of concern to 2.41 per cent and 9 bp above the beginning of the year. In particular, the increase in the negative rate was mainly due to an increase in the negative rate of public loans by 10 bp to 1.79 per cent, compared to zero.
At the beginning of the year, the rate of bad loans sold remained the same. According to our calculations, the company ' s negative yield rate of write-offs in the second quarter was 2.0 per cent, a marked upturn from the one quarter (0.28 per cent), which showed some potential pressure on the quality of the assets of the company affected by the epidemic, but two quarters of the company increased the write-off and disposal effort, and the company ' s books were generally stable. By the end of 2020, the company was more than 90 days late in lending/deprive loans.
In the first half of Chongqing, farmers’ comptoirs generally grew steadily, with credit booms leading to growth in scale, with interest differentials of two quarters equal. But, with the increase in the provision, profit growth slowed significantly in the first half of the year compared to the first quarter.
Commercial banks, a strong retail base, a clear advantage on the end of the debt, as the impact of the epidemic diminishes, retail operations grow more and more resilient, and corporate asset quality generally stabilizes, maintaining a higher rating. Downwards lead to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, the quality of the bank’s assets is at risk of deterioration, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.