Quantico Cars (000625.sz) critical matters are evaluated, hand-held majors, cabbage smart connections, investment ratings: buy-in (maintain)
On 14 March, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the company, which will work together in three areas: smart voice, human and industrial intelligence data analysis, and vehicle network operating platforms.
To date, the Chang-Ann vehicle has developed an I.T.A., which actively recognizes and judges through visual, hearing and artificial intelligence systems.
Potential needs of users, two-way traffic between vehicles and users, and already on cs95, cs75, full-car cover will be progressively achieved in the future.
Transformation. On April 22, 2015, the company released its Smart Motors Technology Plan (“The 654 Strategy”), which is a six-platform platform with five core applications and four stages of industrialization of intelligent technology.
In addition to the three main types of smart technologies, it became China’s first car company with a long-distance unmanned driver. The Chang An car will be transformed from a traditional car manufacturing enterprise to a modern manufacturing service, using smart car products as a vehicle, and will be delivered from the product provider to the product provider.
Autonomous brand: the flagship suvcs95 is about to be marketed, and the elasticity of the profits is expected.
Axis range of 2810 mm, powered by 2.0t+6at. Currently, seven of the major suvs are still in the blue sea market, and the sales of cs are expected to challenge 10,000 vehicles in the month of 95. In addition, the company will be rolling out new, multi-car types such as suvcs55, sedan c301, mpvv301 this year.
At the same time as the product spectrum is enriched, the competitiveness of corporate-owned brand products and markets will be fully enhanced.
The product, which will be replaced by wings tigers, Mondios, etc., will be launched in 2019, while new energy models, such as pure electric power and plug-in hybrid power, will be launched by 2020. As the new model continues to be rolled out, and Lincoln’s national production continues, it is expected that the sales and profits of the Chang Anfort will be realized in 2018.
Value: The company is the cheapest car stock, has a higher security margin, and has more room for upscaling. The company currently values only 6.3 timespe in 2017, is the cheapest car company in a stock, and is lower than the international mainstream automobile company.
The rate is expected to rise gradually to more than 50%. The company’s management and core technical staff receive equity incentives that address management’s long-term incentives and help to improve the efficiency of the company’s management.
At the same time, management’s interests are tied to equity prices, which are conducive to corporate profit release and valuation. And the future red-rate increase space, combined with industry’s average valuation, we believe that the company has a legitimate micro-car business that continues to decline: autonomous branding is less profitable than expected, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board