Grand An car (000625.sz) critical matters are assessed.
Lincoln's country is home, raising the image and profitability of the long Anfort brand. Lincoln has a strong branding and market influence in China, and has re-entered the Chinese market since 2014.
By the end of the year, Lincoln has built 65 Lincoln Centers in China, and it is expected that 80 Lincoln Centers and 20 Branches will be in place by the end of 2017. According to the Lincoln Car Scheme, a new generation of mkc will be on the market in 2018, while the mkc will be the largest-selling model, and we'll judge Lincoln's headline.
A million vehicles, contributing more than $15 billion to Chang Anfort’s income, or more than $3 billion in net profits, will enhance the image and profitability of the long Anfort brand. Autonomous brand: the flagship suvcs95 will be on the market, and the elasticity of the profits is to be expected.
The ship suvcs95 will be officially on the market on March 28th, with an estimated price range of $1.52 million, with an axle range of 2810 mm, with a power of 2.0t+6at. Currently, seven of the seven large suvs are still in the blue sea market, and the sales of cs95 are expected to challenge 10,000 vehicles. In addition, the company is expected to do so this year.
As the product spectrum is enriched, the competitiveness of the company's autonomous brand products and the market's length will be fully enhanced. Ann Ford: New Car Vacuum in 2017, entering the product year in 2018/19.
Global medium- and long-term strategic planning for the launch of replacement products such as Carnival, Fox and Wingborg in 2018, for wing tigers, for Mondio in 2019, and for new energy models such as pure electric power and plug-in hybrid power by 2020.
The company's current valuation is only 6.3 times greater than that of 2017, the cheapest car company.
The company’s management and core technical staff receive equity incentives, address management’s long-term incentives, and help improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.
At the same time, management ' s interests are tied to equity prices to facilitate corporate profit release and valuation. 7/6/6 times more. Considering the profit elasticity of autonomous brands, state-owned reforms locking in long-term incentives, and the scope for future red-rate increases, we believe that companies are reasonable when combined with industry average valuations.
Long An: Ford is better off than expected, three quarters of which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), has been completed with the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.