The net profit for the first quarter of the year increased by 33 per cent, and the amount of light product increased twice.
In 2024, a complete restructuring of the client structure (from German solar system, etc.) was introduced into a new growth cycle.
The front lamp continues to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the lamp is higher. Carlights, as the core visual device of the car, have product upgrade space, and the average price of the industry rises from year to year. Before 2024, lights, post-combined lamps, small lights, triangle signs, and controller sales were 903/1770/3458/36/51 million, respectively.
With regard to orders, in the first half of 2024, companies took on 69 new vehicle-type projects for the development of new products, resulting in 40 vehicle-type projects. With regard to capacity, the company, Serbia, was gradually releasing its capacity to produce, in coordination with its headquarters, to host its clients’ globalization project.
In addition, the company is registered to set up the Mexican and American Stars to further improve its overseas layout. On the product side, the company continues to develop smart front lights based on microled and related control technologies, based on the share of the stock of the stock (601799.sh) - a 34% increase in net profits in the four quarters of a single year, and a 34% increase in car lights.
Pixel-based interactive lights for miniled, uned and related control technologies, based on innovative materials and light.
Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - the second quarter of the year has reached a record high, with a full client structure.
“Sung-woo shares (601799.sh) – the average price of car-light products has risen, and globalization has advanced.” “All-autonomous industrial chain ecology” has worked together in depth to develop the ivisión light.
(Krypton, etc.) The company has a record high in terms of revenue performance that goes beyond 12.17 pct in the passenger car industry (by vehicle output) to a full restructuring of the customer structure (by joint ventures such as German-Japanese solar system, leading to a major-owned brand and new energy source) and into a full new growth cycle.
Figure 1: Share income and growth rate of the same year, Figure 2: Share income of the same quarter and increase of the same year, Figure 3: Net profit of the share of the same stock and increase of the same year
Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase of the same year for the single-quarter share of the stock of the star, figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for the share of the stock of the star, figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for the single-quarter share of the stock of the star
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four S.A. shares, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the four S.I.S. shares in the quarter, Overall, 202501, growth in stock sales, build-up of the new force multipliers, increase in corporate revenue
It's going beyond the car industry by 12 pct. The 20251 star camp is growing by 28.28%, the output per car by 16.11%, and the company is going beyond the car industry by 12.17 pct. According to China Air Association and company officials microdata, 202501, Chirí's output, asked world output, one populist output (including Audi), one gas Toyota's output, one gas production.
At the end of the industry, the technology trend is towards digitization and intelligence. For the front lights, with the front lights, with the light ahead, with the light ahead.
The use of lamps, the development of front-lights for adb, hd-adb and dlp functions, the enhancement of driving safety by pre-dd-adb lights and significant improvements in the safety and experience of drivers and road traffic participants
With regard to back-to-back combination lamps, there is a clear trend towards moving from separate, back-to-back to cross-cutting, end-to-end lamps, which include, but are not limited to, cross-cutting and display functions, and are clearly optimized in terms of road safety early warning and information exchange, in addition to beauty.
At the same time, with regard to the internal and external car-lighting system, the new product is more focused on intelligent, emotional communication, creating a more humane and emotional atmosphere, both inside and outside the vehicle, which is conducive to reconciling the mental state of drivers and passengers and enhancing the sense of traffic participants.
Figure 11: The history of the development of car lamps Figure 12: The technological upgrading of vehicle front lights Company end, product dimension enhancement of new technology development applications, customer dimensions continuously increasing the opening of new energy vehicle-type projects
Product dimensions, companies enhancing the development and application of new technologies, and through industrial chain synergies (Rain Soft Horizons, on the one hand, companies have in recent years intensified the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products, such as light controllers, “loose as one” solutions. Companies are strengthening the development and application of new technologies, including, but not limited to: 1) continuous iterative foundations.
Smart headlamps in microled and related control technologies; 2) pixel-based interactive lamps based on miniled, uned and related control technologies; 3) development of smart digital grids based on innovative materials and light-source technologies; 4) development of lamp controllers hcm/rcm/lcu and perceptive car light self-closed loop systems; 5) beautiful car lamps.
On the other hand, the suspense shares are coordinated through the industrial chain (Ion Soft, Horizons, Hwa, One-Wide Technology, Eurometallium).
On 16 February 2022, Changzhou Starlight Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dong Yong, China, to sign a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
On the afternoon of December 18th, 2024, Star-Seam and Hua-Tech Ltd. held a signing ceremony for their partner, and he joined the Smart-Car-Solution Partnership.
We believe that dlp projector lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-light companies, that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, and that the stars, in conjunction with companies such as upstream chips, soft algorithms, and based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic design advantages, are expected to be able to pre-empt production.
On September 25, 2023, at China’s fall-out launch, China became a smart car solution director.
The Director-General announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was on the market in December 2023, and described the supplier's provision of a complete pre- and post-stage light for the m9 independently developed by the company's autonomous multipixadb system, which could be controlled simultaneously with the millions of level dlp modules developed jointly by China.
On October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed between Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd. in Hangzhou. Both sides will be based on rainbow soft technology design and optical sensors in smart visual systems.
Innovative development capabilities in the use, integration of system software and full-store visual algorithms and applications, and full integration and collaboration of the Star Unit in the production of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc., with in-depth collaboration around the deployment of artificial and high-performance smart visual products in the automotive field.
In addition, Horizon had previously announced the completion of a three-round of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support from a large number of car industry companies, including the Star stock, up and down the chain.
On 15 February 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between Starwoo and Horizon — announcing that the core base would be the Car Code Chip Plus Algorithm, based on the accumulation of many years of experience in the field of intelligent manufacturing, and that the point of entry would be the Portfolio, with the objective of operational cooperation to “conform with the rules, achieve production and meet delivery”,
Strategic partners such as the mainframe factory, spare parts suppliers, etc., are working together to move forward with the production of the "Mobble as One" solution. The "Mobble as One" solution, based on the Horizon 3 car code chip development, has been officially identified by some head company in the country, using only a single drive ~3 with a 5r6v sensor.
, which, through a unique software architecture design, fully exploits the potential of the journey 3 to height
The value for money increases the competitiveness of the product, thus enabling more entry-type end-users to experience the mobility aids.
The Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which combines the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries, provides strategic cooperation in the areas of vehicle-mounted laser radar and intellectual driving technology development, integration of lamp products, production and manufacturing, and promotes technological innovation and market expansion.
The idea is to continue deep-deeping in the field of front-loading long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, with the strategic objective of building high-reliability, high-resolution, low-cost, solid-state laser radars. Currently, one-size-fits-all lasers, radar products have been commercialized in several autopilot applications.
On April 23, 2025, at the Shanghai Car Show, a full-fledged strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the S.S.A., Euromelt semiconductor and crystallized photovoltaics, and the three parties will work together in depth on the theme “Ecology of the entire autonomous industrial chain”.
With deep sedimentation and vertical integration in manufacturing power, the Euromelon semiconductor is driving industrial innovation with advanced car chip-wide technology and cutting-edge chip programmes, crystallizing photovoltaics are redefinition of car lighting boundaries in innovative light sources. The three parties have reached a strategic cooperation agreement that integrates the industrial chain up and down.
It combines the technological advantages of the three parties in their respective fields, achieving adb-longness, initial self-inclusion algorithms, a national production supply chain, a huge angle, and super-highness.
A full breakthrough in a number of technical indicators, such as brightness, hyperpixels, industry performance, and the integration of the first global traffic lights, the special soc chip and the first national microled source chip, from algorithmic closure to photo-efficiency enhancement, has allowed every beam of light to highlight the voice of indigenous technology.
Figure 26: Full strategic depth cooperation between Star and Eurometallurgical and Crystal, order dimensions, quality new projects that provide strong guarantees for the future development of the company. In 2024, the company took over 69 new vehicle-type research and development projects from multiple clients, resulting in 40 vehicle-type items
Some projects have generated a high degree of interest in the market, demonstrating the combined strength of companies as leading project providers, the research and development of new high-quality projects and the production of batches have provided a strong customer dimension for the future development of companies, and companies have continued to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy-car projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of the new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the German public, the single-bumper public, the uppercomer, the Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the German BMW, the General Motor, the upper motor, the Japanese.
There are a number of domestic and foreign car-building enterprises, including Bentota, Toyota, Hirotota, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese citizen, Japanese Chinese, Chili, Chiri, Idea, Ulen, Peng, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, and some of the country's well-known new energy companies.
On July 2, 2024, 2024 Mass Automobile Group Providers' Congress was held in Wolfsburg, Germany, and Starwoo's shares were awarded the highest honour award by the Mass Motors Group, the Volkswagengroup Award. As a partner with the Mass Motors Group, the team has been full-fledged for 25 years.
The award is a tribute to the high-quality service that Starwoo provides to mass automobile groups, as well as full recognition of the company’s domestic and Serbian factories, and an incentive to accelerate the globalization of its operations and its development, and to further enhance the company’s international competitiveness.
On September 20, 20, 2024, a partnership meeting was held on the theme “Future, up, up, up” at Hoyoshi City, Anhui Province. Star-woo shares were invited to the meeting, and for the second year in a row, 2024 dollars in quality were awarded the Viet Nam Partnership Award (nqpp).
The full-scale quality assessment award, also the highest recognition of partners, is the most heavy-weight award awarded each year to partners. On 14 October 2024, the Global Partnership Assembly of the ideal car was rekindled at the U-Hin Hotel in Changzhou in 2024.
All right, representatives from government and related enterprises at home and abroad come together to talk about development and two-way empowerment.
On 9 January 2025, the Year of Car Business, 2025 Chiri, under the theme “Kiju State, the wise to win the future”, was re-opened in Lake An Queyu, with the share of Star Woo invited to participate, and was awarded the highest award of the Cherie Car's Best Vendor Award.
Figure 28: Public Global Awards for only 10 Vendors, Figure 27: Starwoo Wins the Mass Motors Award, Figure 29: Starwoo Wins Cherie Winners the Good Vendors Award
Figure 30: At present, the company is gradually releasing its capacity in Serbia to host the client globalization project in collaboration with its headquarters.
:: Establishment of a sound basis for the expansion of overseas markets: manufacturing/sales of manufacturing equipment; technology development and services; import, export and sale of goods; import, export of equipment; US$ 20,000
In addition, in 2024, the company continued to deepen its efforts to “integrate, integrate and develop its products.”
In 2024, the company was honoured with a number of honours, such as “Aaa-class companies in the upgrading of the two integrated management systems”, “Emergency five star companies in Jiangsu” and “The case of China's digitalized transition leaders in light industry in 2024”
In the medium- and long-term dimensions, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products to protect performance.
Ideas, Cyrus, a well-known international new energy car company, etc.) and the supplier system of a self-owned branding client (Gili) and acquired the project. In 2024, the company took over a total of 69 new vehicle-type research and development projects with 40 vehicle-type projects, which provided a strong basis for the company ' s future development.
Power security; production capability, the gradual release of the company ' s Serbian star capacity, together with its headquarters to host the customer ' s globalization project, which provides a good basis for the company to expand its overseas market, the company is registered to set up the Mexican and American Stars, to further improve the overseas layout, product dimensions, adb continued penetration, with dlp project lights and adb
New technologies, such as lights, are on the market, and Stars is strengthening their development and application, including, but not limited to, continuous and iterative smart front-lights based on microled and related control technologies, pixel-based interactive lamps based on miniled, oled and related control technologies, and research on smart digital grids based on innovative materials and light-source technologies
On February 15, 2023, Star and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to work together to advance the production of the "Mobile as One Solution" and the use of the sensor's self-closing loop system for the development, aesthetics and intellectuals of cars.
The ‘Pour One’ solution, developed by the driver’s 3-car chip, has been officially set up by a head car company in the country. Looking forward to 2025, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of new products, such as vehicle-type orders plus overseas plants plusadb, dlp, and the “Pop One” solution.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a higher rating than the big market. Starwoo shares are on high starting, flexible, long-duration lights track, 1) smart corporate products, in the case of carlight products, star stock layout adb, dlp, starring lights, new mainstream lights such as grid lights, progress in research and development and basic synchronization of global lights; auto electronics
In terms of goods, the S.A. shares strengthen the development and application of carlight controllers and expand the circle of capabilities through industrial chain synergies (twice, H.E., one-dimensional technology, Euromelt semiconductor, etc.); 2) new energy generation, domestic market, S.I.S. shares actively explore new energy customers of new power, and the share of new energy sources continues to rise; 3) globalization of corporate customers: Sylvie
The sub-plant is the first vehicle-lighting capacity to expand as Sung-woo overseas. At present, the pre-share lamp is estimated to be 15% in the domestic market, while the global market is estimated to be 3-4%, with the opening of the global global clients of ash-woo and the subsequent space for global development of ash-woo.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject