Triple shares (600160.sh) Report evaluation: Refrigerant profit stability, methane chlorination
The company published its semi-annual report, which achieved operating income of $8.08 billion, or +24 per cent, during the reporting period; achieved a net return profit of $1.060 billion, or +101 per cent, which is in line with prior-period performance and is quick to report.1 The company ' s single-season earnings have increased in recent years as a result of the continued increase in refrigerant and methane chlorination profitability
Company q2 achieved a profit of 630 million, ring + 47.5%, which is a new high in recent years, mainly because of the continued increase in the profitability of refrigerants and methane chlorination plates. According to business data, real share prices of refrigerants in the first half of the year were relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
q2 is the traditional active season of refrigerants, where the company ' s refrigerant q2 achieved sales of 54,000 tonnes, ring growth RM/t, ring growth 4%; the price of raw materials averaged 2002 and 8859 yuan/tonne of non-hydroxyfluoric acid for the main raw materials and 12% and 27% for the ring decline, respectively, with the price difference widening.
The increase in the Māori rate of refrigerant operations has led to a significant increase in the company’s performance ring ratio. Moreover, as a result of environmental protection and repairs, prices continued to rise in the first half of the year, with the price of trichloromethane rising by 80%, the price of dichloromethane by 40% and the company’s annual production of methane chloride by about 650,000 tonnes.
Half of the outlet also directly benefited from higher product prices.2 Non-refrigerant block operations continued to improve, and the company ' s resistance to cyclical fluctuations significantly increased, and we have always stressed that improvements in the company ' s non-refrigerant operations are also of concern.
The average price of $15812 per tonne and the flat price of 3620 per tonne/ton for burning has remained stable at an all-high level: it is also a matter of concern that pvdc's beneficiary competitor's exit rate has risen; we believe that this year the company's non-refrigerant plates are expected to account for half of the overall profit, and that the company's countercyclical properties have increased significantly.
3. The company is at the bottom of the historical valuation, with a long-cycle view of its diversified product layout as stable for the future.
The company ' s refrigerant operations have gone out of capacity for six years, and the current supply and demand patterns have improved significantly, with a medium concentration of industries (e.g., the global share of domestic top3 in r134a is over 60%). We believe that the current point is a good one for refrigerants that have been fully adjusted and put on a new platform in the context of the general rotation of cycle products.
It's worth re-entering investors' horizons. In addition, the company's methane chlorination plates are rising strongly, non-refrigerant business performance is continuously released, fund-raising projects are on track, electronic chemical plates, which are jointly financed with large funds, are expected to generate sustainable investment returns, and company cyclical properties are gradually weakening.
At the bottom of history, the long-cycle view of the company ' s diversified product layout as a continuing trend in the price of dichloromethane ($/ton) r134a prices and price differentials for future steady growth
R125 price and price difference.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.