Triple Shares (600160.sh) Exploited Refrigerant Price Differences, 2nd Quarter Performances, 1, Beneficiary Refrigerants Prices Increases, 2nd Quarter Performance Bright Supermarket Expectations
Company q2 achieved profit of 630 million, ring + 47.5%, and performed supermarket expectations in a stable overall refrigerant business. According to business data, refrigerant earned 2,424 million yuan in the first half of the year, representing 38.9% of the revenue, and remained the company’s first operating block (de-traded).q2 is a refrigerant transfer.
The company ' s refrigerant q2 achieved a sales volume of 54,000 tons during the monsoon season, a 5 per cent ring increase, the company ' s full start rate, a full stock rate relative to market performance (nearly 12 months), almost full production, an average q2 refrigerant turnover of 23451 yuan per ton, a 4 per cent ring increase;
In terms of raw material prices, the average prices of the primary raw material fluorescent and non-hydrofluorocarbon acid for the second quarter were, respectively, 2002 and 8859 yuan/tons, with the ring downs by 12 per cent and 27 per cent, and the increase in the Māori rate of refrigerant operations, with the widening price difference, led to a significant increase in the corporate performance ring.
2. The business of non-refrigerant plates has continued to improve, and the company ' s anticyclical properties have been improving, and we have been stressing that the company ' s business of non-refrigerant is also of concern.
It is also of concern that the withdrawal price of the beneficiary competitors has risen; we believe that this year the company ' s non-refrigerant plates have risen strongly and are expected to account for half of the total profit throughout the year.3 The company is at the bottom of the historical valuation, and it is strongly recommended that performance continues to release the stock price boost.
The company's refrigerant business has been defunct for six years, and the current supply and demand patterns have improved significantly, with a moderate concentration of industries (e.g., the global share of domestic top3 in r134a is over 60%).
In the context of a general rotation of cycle products, refrigerants that have been fully adjusted and embarked on a new platform can be considered to be secure, and it is worth re-entering investors’ horizons. In addition, the firm’s non-refrigerant plates are rising strongly, the project is being launched, and the company’s cyclical attributes are gradually weakening.
The price and price difference of r125, the Institute's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.