Eli shares have a strong competitive edge, and the future elasticity is expected.
High, competition is expected to slow in the long run, with a higher elasticity of performance. Milk powder, mergers and acquisitions, soy milk, or surprises.
Eli shares depth reporting two main advantages: the downfall of the channel + the ability of the product to grow and upgrade. (1) The forward look, the downfall of the Ely channel pre-winded. The 15-17 downfall of the Ely channel was quick, and the pre-set was validly matched.
Low-line urban and rural demand has erupted, and is expected to continue to benefit in 18-19 years. (2) dairy branding and the upgrading of the original product are strong, and the structure of the product continues to improve.
In the first half of the year, competition increased in the industry, but the pattern did not deteriorate, and the cost increases were mainly dropped at the top. History shows that Eli and Monx spend higher intensity costs on crowding out mammal margins.
Milk powder, M&A, soy milk, or surprises. (1) Milk powder: the industry has a high profile, domestic leading firms continue to grow at a high rate, Eli is a leading industry, and the milk powder business can grow steadily for 18 years;
(b) Merger and purchase: 17 years of regret and 18 years of ambition to buy faujifoods; (c) new product categories: establishment of the Ministry of Healthy Drinking Industries, military milk, energy drinks, sharing of channels and continuing the path towards healthy food groups.
Low-line urban and rural milk demand has fallen short of expectations, overall competition in the industry has increased, and the cost of raw materials has risen significantly. Since the beginning of 18, the price of Ely’s share price has fallen by 24% cumulatively as of September 6, and the Schenwan Food and Beverage Index 8pc has been lost, and we believe that stock price movements have been largely high for 18 years.
Intensity costs impact on performance. The share of the tap continues to harvest, but the pattern of competition between the taps has changed slightly, using the market price as of October 19, 2018, with an estimated 3q18 EL and Monx spending having improved, and the downfall of the channel.
Advanced layout, product growth and upgrading, more cost-effective investment, and future high performance elasticity
I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it.
Two main advantages: the down-winding of the channel + the ability of the product to develop and upgrade one: the vision, the down-swing of the Ely channel, the rapid downfall of the 15-17 Ely channel, the effective matching of the low-line urban-rural demand, and the continued benefits of 18-19.
In 12 years, with the completion of the strategic layout of the "Travel North-South, Radiation, and Everything" strategy, Eli began to place greater emphasis on the push-up strategy and the channel began to sink to the county market. 13 years to date, Ely has continued to sink through the implementation of its channels, and has expanded rapidly at the village level from 15 to 17 years.
According to company announcements, the number of direct-controlled village networks reached 34.2 million in 16 years, more than three times that of 14 years, and the number of direct-controlled village networks reached 530,000 in 17 years, an increase of 54%. We believe that the low-line market, which is sunk and pre-positioned, effectively matches low-line city demand, is expected to continue to benefit from 18-19 years.
In 2012, Elie clearly proposed a strategy to sink, and in 2015 he proposed a strategy to improve access to the low-line market, but there was still a slight lack of emphasis on the low-line market. According to data, the penetration rate for branded urban households in 2017 was 89.6%, compared to 87.2% for Mon cattle.
Two things: the ability of dairy brands to grow and renew their original products, and the continued upgrading of the product structure, leading high-end products such as Ammushi and Goldmark, continue to grow faster.
The ratio of high-end products has been rising and the product structure has been upgrading. The Māori ratio of 1h18 l is almost equal to the Māori ratio in Māori ratio, with cost pressures and the purchase of gifts promoting increased sales.
In a strong context, Māori is resilient, and we believe that the product structure has been upgraded to a certain extent to absorb the negative factors. Figure 6. Goldmark revenues for 2014-2017 and the same rate of acceleration.
The core driving force of the upgrade, we believe, has been fully proven in this area: (1) the introduction of new products and the renewal of original products. 17 years to date, Ili's liquid milk has been new in products such as low-temperature yogurt, very-temperature milk, low-temperature white milk, and very-temperature white milk.
New products: new products: joyday (low-temperature yogurt), carbon-coated yogurt (low-temperature yogurt), Parrette cheese milk (low-temperature yogurt), transparent pillows (low-temperature white milk); product renewal: introduction of light-coalin flavour (low-temperature yogurt milk), Ammushpet and Conmeipet (generally-temperature yogurt milk), new condensed milk (normally)
In 18 years, new or updated products have been introduced such as pure milk from the Golden Book New Zealand, the ammush mango and yogurt milk.
Figure 9. 17-year product update of Ily's cryogenic yogurt - flavour of light charcoal, Figure 10. 17-year product update of Ili's pyrolytic milk - Ammushpet Bottle, Figure 11. 17-year product update of Ili's pyrolytic milk - Ammushikon
Figure 12. 17 Years of Low Temperature White Milk-Transparent Little White Milk
New products are usually defined as products within 36 months of being marketed, and in 2017 they accounted for 13 per cent of the income of new products. (3) The ability to renew products extends the life cycle of the dominant product.
In Anmush, for example, the company introduced vanilla, blueberries, strawberry, cannoli, walnuts and oatmeal on the basis of the originals, and the packaging was upgraded from base money to Conmei bag and drinking-type pet bottles. Continuous product renewal effectively extended the life cycle of Ammush, with Anmush entering the market in 2018 in the fifth year, and is still expected to achieve a high growth rate of more than 40 per cent.
Figure 15. The Ammush series, with more efficient and less competitive and more flexible performance periods, shows that competition in the industry has increased in the first half of 18 years, but the pattern has not deteriorated, and the cost increases are largely concentrated in the lead.
Monx focused on marketing the World Cup theme in 2018, with increased spending, and Eli gradually followed it. Monx, a global official sponsor of the Fifi World Cup in 2018, focused on marketing the World Cup theme, and 4q17 began to scale up the cost of spending, and 1q18 Ely started to be followed up. 1h18 Monocer World Cup sponsors and World Cup brands are worth $800 million.
According to the National Statistical Office, the total cost of selling dairy products in January-June 18 was $23.4 billion, or 20% more, and the calculated increase of 1h18 million was approximately $3.9 billion. The cost of sales in 1h18 Iri was $10.2 billion, the cost of sales in the same amount was $2.5 billion, the cost of marketing in the same amount was $10 billion and the cost of marketing in the same amount was 2.8 billion.
This means that the same increase in the 1h18 industry is largely due to Eli and Monx, and that other dairy companies as a whole have reduced their sales costs (some milk powder companies have increased their sales costs), which makes it possible to conclude that the overall competitive pattern of the industry has not deteriorated.
h&h and unconventional breast milk company wide-town shares (cheese-based dairy plus non-milk products) and plantation pastures (self-controlled pastures provide higher head-strength margins, market share harvests) Historically, Elli and Moncers have spent higher strength costs, while higher head-strength margins have been invested.
It can lead to a profit margin, but it can help to boost the market’s share and squeeze out the broad margin of profit. Based on the data available, we calculate that the combined incremental costs of sales of Eli and Moncer for each of the years 2004-2014 will represent the industry’s incremental share, with negative figures for 2006, 2008, 2011, 2013, and that the combined profits of the remaining four years will be 30 per cent or more of the total profits of the industry, which is higher than in other years.
The 18-and-a-half-year-old report shows that the share of the market continues to be harvested by the tap milk companies. In the first half of 18 months, the net share of the milk company (a share plus a share in the port) increased by 16% and 21%.
And 17%, faster than the growth of listed companies (+16%) and industry (+12%), Nielson shows a 1h18 Ilya (low-temperature) infant and an increase in the share of infant milk and powdered milk, respectively. Eli’s spending is more efficient, competition is expected to slow, and future higher performance elasticity is of concern.
The cost of selling is 10.2 billion, the same-year increase is 2.5 billion, the same-year increase is 2.8 billion, the same-year increase is 2.7 pc, 4.7 pc, respectively. The income of 1h18 Il, 19 per cent, and 17 per cent, respectively, is faster. If you look further at the difference, the difference in sales is 2.25 pc, the difference is 2.25 pc, and the difference in sales of 1h18 lp.
Given that Monx holds 61% of the share in modern livestock, the original milk cost control is much more powerful than that of the same 1.42pct (not including Asli), which appears to be close to the difference between the 1h18 Ely and Monx, i.e., similar to the level of spending, including the purchase of gifts. Under the double-head pattern, Eli and Monx are more rational about the likelihood of spending more on a long-term basis, and the elasticity of their future performance is of interest.
Sam, the combined share of the market for liquid milk from Elie and Monx in 2017 has reached 56%, and long-term cost investments are expected to be rational if high-intensity cost inputs do not lead to a significant change in the competition between the poles. This round of spending, mainly due to Monx’s focus on the World Cup theme marketing belt, Eli’s passive follow-up, with the World Cup ending and Eli’s performance equal to Monx1h18, is likely to be rational.
Competition is expected to slow, and the future elasticity of higher performance is worth noting. Industry sales costs slowed down in July of 18 years, with an estimated 3q18 EL and Monx spending having improved.
In conjunction with the increase in industry costs, we estimate 3q18 EL and Monx costs to be better than they are. Milk powder, mergers, new products, or surprises.
Milk powder: As a leading company in the country with a steady 18-year growth period, the 18-year registration system is officially in place, and the number of approved products is ahead. With the approval of most eligible dairy companies, the approval of new formulations has slowed since February, according to the FDA, the 41st batch of registrations as of 11 February 2018.
The list includes a total of 377 series of 1,114 formulas registered through milk powder, of which 4 factories in Ely were awarded a total of 10 series, with a high industry profile, high growth rates in the first half of the year in leading domestic firms, and faster growth rates in the second half of the year in spite of a possible slowdown in the margins. (1) In the first half of the year, benefiting from the registration of decoupled brands, leading domestic firms quickly seized market shares and continued high growth rates.
The industry has a high profile, with a 17% increase in sales of 1h18 baby formula powders, according to Nelson. In the first half of the year, with the exception of Bainme, the rest of the country’s leading companies achieved a high rate of growth of more than 25% in milk powder, while Bainme experienced a decline in revenue from product line readjustments, but 1h18 succeeded in achieving the goal of a reversal.
(2) As the market space left by the withdrawal of the various brands is gradually phased out, the income base of the same ring rises, with a possible marginal slowdown in the second half of the 18th century, but still expected to grow at a faster pace.
As a leading national producer of milk powder, Eli is stable and non-competing, responding to rising consumption trends, active deployment of high-quality overseas milk sources, and steadily consolidating herd status. According to the network, the price of single milk powder rose by 18% in 17 years, with sales of 0.6%/5.8%/1.5%, and the structure of the product has become a major contributor to the growth of milk powder revenue.
Figure 28. Eli's original cannery product - Acquainted Merger and Purchase: 17 years of overseas outreach, regretful, 18 years of ambition, strong overseas M&A willingness, 17 years of launch, but unsuccessful. According to the company announcement, $850 million is proposed for July 17th.
In September, US organic yogurt producer Stonyfield was involved in the strategic development of Australia’s largest dairy-processing company, the MacGau Group, and it was a matter of regret that both competitions ultimately failed to pay the price. 18 years of ambition and intent to buy the Pakistani faujifoods.
We believe that this acquisition is more likely to succeed than two acquisitions in 17 years, for the following reasons: (1) two M&As in 17 years have accumulated a wealth of experience. This may be due to a relative lack of experience and early disclosure of both M&A prices by overseas media in 17 years, leading to a relatively passive procurement process.
Some foreign dairy companies still have doubts about China’s capital acquisitions, which may be another reason why they lost 17 years of M&A. But this acquisition is for the Pakistani dairy companies, and the main shareholder of the faujifertilizers is Faujiferizer (with 50.6% of shares).
While only 8.45% of the shares of faujifertilizer are held by non-Pakistani investors, Pakistan’s relations with China have traditionally been good, and there are less likely to be doubts about China’s capital acquisition. If the EU is considered as a whole, Pakistan’s dairy production is ranked four globally, but the scope for scale-processing production has increased.
Tan dairy production, which accounts for 6.5% of global production, is ranked 4th after the EU (20.0%), India (19.6%), and the United States (11.8%). The original milk production is about 44 billion litres a year, but only 9% of the original milk is processed on a scale that raises the space.
The market share of faujifoods in liquid tea cream is about 25%, similar to the market share of Shakarganj in the first place; the market share of faujifoods in pure milk is about 4%, and the first two are called Nestlé and efoods.
The M & A of faujifoods: in line with the strategy of the Ili Global Weaving Network, march into the South Asian market, take advantage of mature-scale production, quickly open Pakistan ' s market, and the future faujifoods ' mature products can be used as a supplement to the mainland Chinese market ' s Ili products, achieve new categories: establish the Healthy Drinks Department, march on soy milk and energy beverages, and achieve channel sharing
According to Euromonitor, in 2016, the domestic market for soy milk was $8.2 billion, with more than 10% in 11-16 cagr, and we expect the market to be more than $9 billion in 18 years. In mid-17/18, the domestic market for soy milk was close to $3 billion, except for soy milk.
Other brands in the industry, such as Ei (plant protein beverages, mainly blended with nuts and soybeans), porridge bean milk, dali bean bean bean, corn bean milk, and milk from the North. The domestic energy beverages (including sports beverages) market is about $37 billion in size, and the Red Bulls are the largest, but there is now a dispute at the shareholder level.
According to Euromonitor, the domestic energy beverage market was about 37 billion yuan in 2016, and capr was over 10% in 11-16, and we expect it to reach 45 billion yuan in 18 years. According to Inmint, in 2016, the red cow had a 78% share in China’s energy beverage market, one of the largest, but there is now a competition among the red cow’s Chinese shareholders, and other energy beverages are emerging.
Figure 36. Vita beans milk. Chart 37. Dali beans bean milk. Chart 38.
In December 17, Elión re-launched the “planting” of soy milk into the field of soy milk, the key nodes are promising. According to grass roots of the channel, soy milk is now produced mainly in two products: original (4 yuan/boxes) and black soybean (4.6 yuan/boxes) and black sesame in 18 years.
In 15 years, Eli introduced walnut milk, first tested water plant protein, and now collects small amounts. When Eli entered walnut milk in 15 years, six walnuts were already in the vanguard, and in that year, they earned 8.7 billion walnut milk, made an absolute leader in the market, and walnut milk was relatively small.
Soybean milk consumption is widespread among the Philanthropists, and Eli, as a giant, can do much better. We believe that the field of military soy milk is an important step for Eli from a cross-border market of plant protein beverages in dairy products, and, above all, a key node on the way to a healthy food group, with companies paying sufficient attention to not excluding “selecting” soy milk for 18-19 years.
Eli's energy beverages, which, according to the new dairy industry, are priced at $6.00/can to facilitate the opening of shops, etc. We believe that the field of energy beverages in the army is another important layout for the Healthy Foods Group, following the advance in the field of soy milk.
In the field of soy milk, energy beverages, full access to channel-sharing effects, effective organizational support, and increased probability of success, we believe that the field of soy milk, energy beverages, and mineral water, which may enter across borders, can be shared with the powerful Ily.
In recent years, when the warm-and-temperature-exposite-crylic-bacter drinks broke the earlier cold-chain restrictions on the low-temperature-crysotile-bacter drink, matching the outbreak growth of the high-temporaneous-temperature liquid-milk channels, the superstructure was effectively supported (the Department of Healthy Drinking Industries was established in the first half of 18) and we believe that there is a high probability of success in expanding the new product.
Figure 40. Erie's taste of the milk of the beans. Figure 41. Erie's taste of the milk of the milk of the beans. Since the beginning of the 18th year, the price of the stock of Erie has fallen by 24 per cent since the recent low harvest on September 6, running down the Schenwan food and beverage index of 8 pct.
We believe that changes in stock prices have largely reflected the impact on performance of 18 years of higher intensive spending. The share of the tap continues to be harvested, but the pattern of competition between the taps has not changed much, with an estimated 3q18 EL and Monx spending having improved, the downside of Eli's channel has sunk, the product has developed more up-to-date capacity, the cost is more efficient, and the elasticity of future performance is of concern. We maintain the previously reported profit forecasts,
The demand for breast milk in low-line rural and urban areas is not growing as expected. In 2017, the demand for breast milk in low-line urban and rural areas erupted, and the trend in 2018 is likely to be unsustainable, with demand growing below our expectations.
The cost of raw materials rises significantly. If trade friction or industry factors lead to a significant increase in the cost of food raw materials, the cost pressure on food manufacturing firms