We think that the 19-year-old competition between Eli and Montagnard is expected to slow down.
We expect that the 19-year-old competition between Eli and Montagnard's head is expected to slow down, mainly on the basis that: (1) 18-year high-intensity spending on Eli and Montagnard has not changed the pattern of competition between the two. According to Nelson,
The market for uht products on line 1h18 was raised by 0.2\2.4 pct, the market for low-temperature yogurt milk under line 1h18 was followed by a follow-up report on the share of Ili, which was increased by 0.2\0.08 pct.
But Nielson's data sampling pattern may have been somewhat biased, and we believe that in reality the ratio of both Eli and Monx markets has changed relatively little, i.e. higher intensity costs have not changed the pattern of competition between the two. (2) The 19-year Monx raise profits and the difficulty of maintaining faster growth in net profits.
Increases. 1h18 Moncrees have a profit margin of 0.5 pct, ebitda a profit of 0.2 pcccct a profit of 0.5 pcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
It's higher than Eli's record, so we think that Monx increased its profit margins by a significant increase in the Māori rate in 19 years. Moreover, if we get rid of Ashley's loss and the loss of modern pastures, 1h18 mn is a 1.2% increase in the net profit of the mother, sustained in 19 years as the profit base rises.
The difficulty of faster growth in net profit will also increase marginally. (3) It is expected that in 2019 the original milk prices will increase mildly, and that Eli and Moncers may thus reduce the cost intensity. We maintain the ruling in our previous report that in 2019, the original milk prices are expected to rise by 3 to 5%, with cost pressures, and we believe that Eli will be under pressure.
We've recently visited 15 big businesses in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Khunshan, Ka Hing, etc., where Elli and Mon Cow produce white milk.
Most of the dates are in December, and most of the pyrolytic milk and the high-end white milk are in late October and mid-November, showing normal end-marketing. In terms of marketing, we find that the terminals still maintain a certain level of marketing promotion, and that the very existence of the low-temperature-type businesses is being bought (mostly in the form of two grants of one); and the regular-temperature products.
Most high-end products have been followed up by promoters, but the marketing model has become more rational, mainly in response to the end of the day, and we believe that the maintenance of a certain level of marketing is mainly related to stock-cleaning by the end of the year. If the original milk price has risen, the tap cost has slowed down, the profitability has increased, and Eli’s performance has increased.
From historical data, the cost of marketing in the dairy industry has largely changed inversely with the price of original milk; in a climate of mild and rising milk prices, Eli has performed even more sharply, and the spread of gross sales has increased; and in an environment of moderate and rising prices of original milk, it has risen.
Low-line urban and rural milk demand has grown less than expected, industry competition has increased, and costs have risen significantly. In our in-depth report released on October 22, we mentioned the logic of a better-looking Ely: contrasting the Monx, falling down the channel, growing up in products, and more cost-effective investment.
The future performance is more flexible. We maintain the previous profit forecast, and we expect Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. 18-19 to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.
The 2019 competition between Eli and Montagnard's head is expected to slow down, and we judge that the 2019 competition between Eli and Montagnard's head is expected to slow, based on:
(1) In 2018, the higher strength of Ely and Monx costs did not change the pattern of competition between the two. According to Nelson, the uht market rate below line 1h18 was increased by 0.2.2.4 pct, and the low-temperature yoghurt rate by 0.2.0.8 pct, respectively. According to data, Eli is higher than Monx, but Nelson's data sampling method is somewhat different.
There has been little change in the relative share of the two municipalities, i.e. higher intensity costs have not changed the pattern of competition between the two. (2) In 2019, the odds of increasing the profit margin of Monx and maintaining a faster net gain rose. 1 h18 Monocer has decreased the profit margin by 0.5 pct, ebitda by 0.2 pct, and the cost rate has risen significantly (+4.7 pct), mainly through the increase in the Maori rate (+3.6 pct)
Keeping the profit rate generally stable, however, the 1h18 MNT Māori rate is 39.2%, the highest in history, and higher than Ely’s, so we think that Māori’s marginal increase in profit margins, driven by a significant increase in Māori rates in 2019, is difficult. Moreover, if the recovery from Asli’s loss and the decline in modern pastoralism were to be eliminated, the 1h18 Mān's net return to the mother increased by 1.2% as compared to the previous 1.2% increase in 2019 and sustained with the increase in the profit base.
The difficulty of faster net gains will also increase marginally. (3) The forecast for 2019 is a moderate increase in the original milk price, which may reduce the cost-intensible strength of Eli and Moncer. We maintain the judgement in our previous report that the forecast for 2019 is a mild increase of 3-5% in the original milk price, and is subject to cost pressures, which we believe may lead to a decrease in the prices of Eli and Moncer.
In this part, we're going to do a detailed analysis of the original milk section below. More recently, Elli and Monx show terminal rational marketing.
The 15 big businesses outnumber, the average white milk production dates for Eli and Moncer are mostly in December, and the most high-end white milk is located between late October and mid-November, showing normal end sales. With respect to marketing, we find that the terminals still maintain a certain level of promotion, with low levels of availability of hot items (light, coronary milk, joyday, good c, per-gain) and a very basic presence of buyers (most often with two grants of 1);
In the case of temperate products and high-end products, there are mostly promotion agents following up (more than the number of Ely salesmen), but the marketing model is more rational, targeting products and some of the flavors until late October, with some discounting activities marked as ending on 31 December, and we believe that some of the end-of-pipe promotions are mainly related to stock-cleaning by the end of the year.
Figure 5. Shanghai Business Super Survey, 22 December. Figure 6. Shenzhen Business SuperStudy, 22 December. Figure 7. Beijing Business SuperStudy, 22 December.
Figure 8. Kag Heung Hui Supermarket piles with higher milk prices, higher profitability and higher performance of Eli Industry: higher milk prices, lower marketing costs of industry, slower competition
According to historical data available to the Ministry of Rural Agriculture and the National Statistical Office, the cost of marketing in the dairy sector above size fluctuated in the same direction as in original milk prices, with the exception of 2012. In our view, when the prices of original milk rose, small and mixed milk companies were under pressure from production costs and had to shrink until they withdrew from the market, and the medium and large dairy companies were in the past.
When prices are low, excessive milk collection that protects the interests of milk farmers has been reduced, marketing strategies have been adjusted accordingly, and the cost of marketing in the industry has declined and competition has slowed. While the price of original milk rose in 2012, the cost of marketing in the industry has risen, we believe that it may be associated with the slowdown in the dairy sector in 2012 (income growth has fallen from 20% to 15%) and the dairy industry has not yet adapted to new changes and hopes to sustain itself through a reverse marketing drive.
Tremendous: In an environment of warmer milk prices, higher profitability and higher performance by Elie are defined as moderate and higher prices of original milk. According to the Ministry of Rural Agriculture, the price of original milk increased by -18 per cent to 25 per cent over the course of the previous six-monthly year, and we believe that the price of original milk rose by more than 1 per cent and by less than 10 per cent, whereas the price of original milk was moderate.
We have moved in from the perspective of the change in the gross sales margin to reflect changes in the cost-investment intensity and profitability of dairy companies, including the purchase of gifts. (1) The change in the gross sales margin can take into account the purchase of co-grants at the Māori rate; and (2) the change in the gross sales margin is mainly influenced by changes in the cost of raw materials, product structural upgrading, grant promotion, advertising promotion costs, etc.
In an environment where the prices of original milk have risen, the cost of taps has slowed down, the profitability has increased, and the performance of Elie has become more pronounced. (1) In an environment of warm and rising prices of original milk, the spread of Ilamou sales has increased.
(2) The increase in the spread of Elie’s milk is largely in a mild and rising environment. In total, 1h10-1h18 has increased the spread of Elie’s milk in 10 and a half years, of which 6 have been achieved in an environment of warmer prices, 2 in a sharp rise in prices and 2 in a fall in prices.
We mentioned in the Eili depth report, released on October 22, the logic of a better view of Ely. Compared to Monx, Ely's channel sank early, its product growth and upgrading capacity, its cost efficiency, and its future high performance elasticity are expected. We maintained the earlier profit multipliers, and we believe that 19 years may have seen improvements in the pattern of competition between dragons, and that Ely's performance is likely to improve, and that it can be successfully completed.
Low-line urban and rural dairy demand has grown less than expected. Economic growth has slowed, and demand for low-line urban and rural dairy in 2019 has grown less than we expected.
Income statement (RMB million) Core income per share (RMB) Increase in profit before depreciation of interest tax (%)