Incident: 14 January, Peacebank issued a fast-track report for 2021, with $16,383 million, yoy+10.32 per cent (1 pct); net profit for mother: $36,336 million, yoy+25.6 per cent (+23 pct); and rose 1.2 pc for ring collection for safe bank in 2021, with 25.6 per cent increase in net profit for mother as compared with 25.6 per cent.
\triangleright roe rebounds. The four-quarter net profit growth loop is revised downwards, mainly on a 20-q4-high base.
\triangleright is bad. Provision coverage is increased by 87.02 pct on a year-on-year basis, benefiting in part from an adverse rate of depression, or is also relevant to the increase in smooth profits of company owners.
In 2021, the size of the Safe Bank was expanded smoothly, with total loan growth leading by 4.8 pct, \triangleright
Credit operations have increased their contribution, optimized the asset structure and achieved a good net difference. Investment proposals: substantial gains, better asset quality, better asset structure and better net difference. \triangleright expected
21 years pb, first covered, with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright picks up faster than the return, with higher profits.
Compared to the previous line of 1.2pc, the net profit return increased by 25.6 per cent, and by 23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a significant increase in profits pulling back the roe. The single-season increase also contributed to the lower profit base, leaving room for subsequent profit release.
Internal risks are identified as becoming more severe, the risk rate is consistently lower, and assets are of better quality. In 2021, the safe bank failure rate was 1.02%, down 16bp from the same year, the lowest level since 2015. At the same time, loans overdue for more than 60 days deviated from 0.85 per cent, which is lower than at the end of the previous year. Provision coverage has increased significantly, significantly increasing the security margin of assets.
Up to 288.42%, partially benefiting from a depressed rate, or related to the company’s active smooth profit growth. A robust scale, with an increased contribution from credit operations, contributed to an improvement in the asset structure.
4.8pc, a small recovery of 10bp over the same period. Credit operations have increased their contribution, optimized their asset structure and made good net interest differentials.
A downward trend in the macroeconomic situation; a credit risk outbreak; and less than expected pace of transformation. A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements — methodological and analytical logic — leads to conclusions, presents the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.