The year 2024 saw a steady increase in performance, with new market expansion and digital trade driving sustained growth Merchant Retail / General Retail net profit of 2,983 million yuan, an increase of 20.84 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter, income grew by 50.98 per cent in the fourth quarter.
The Division's investment earnings were reduced by $805 million from a high base in 2023, but net profits from market operations and new operations increased by $1,389 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the increase in the capacity of digital trade services.
See, market operating revenues of $4,578 million, an increase of 48.92% over the same period, and new business openings, among others, have boosted procurement demand. Payments totalling over $4 billion in cross-border receipts, net profits, market segments of a global digital trading centre, are expected to contribute to a new growth in performance.
The gross interest rate of the company was 31.39 per cent in 2024, compared to 4.89 pct, the rise in rent dynamics and the increase in the capacity of digital trade services.
In terms of cash flows, a net operating cash flow of $4,491 million was achieved in 2024, a year-on-year increase of 143.43 per cent, and the cash flow position has improved significantly.
And new developments, such as digital trading platforms and cross-border payments, such as Small Commodity Cities (600415.sh)-Yu’s Integrated Reform Programme for International Trade, were launched.
Business is expected to inject long-term growth potential into companies, while firms are expected to share the opportunity of a boom in import trade as a pilot for innovation in import trade.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - a detailed description of the business lines of the Small Commodity City, a unique approach, taking into account the planned opening of the Global Digital Trade Centre in October 2025 and its annual contribution to rent increases, and Small Commodities City (600415.sh) - good business growth in the first half of the year, further improved overall
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) — Quarterly core masters performed excellently, with new and emerging businesses growing by 50.98 to 5.124 billion yuan, resulting in a net profit of 745 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 107.17 per cent over the same period. 24 years of corporate investment returns as a whole were reduced by 805 million yuan from the previous year’s high base, but market operations and new operations
Net profits increased by $1.389 billion on a year-on-year basis, rent increases and price increases resulting mainly from the increased capacity of digital trading services, and the increased contribution of emerging businesses. In terms of dividends, companies proposed to pay every 10 shares in 2024, figure 2: Net profit return to small commodity cities and the rate of increase (billions, per cent)
According to the sub-business, market operating revenue was $4,578 million, an increase of 48.92 per cent over the same period, benefiting new firms. In the emerging digital trading services business, Chinagoods, which operates the main data company, earned $341 million, and net profit was $165 million, an increase of 102.05 per cent over the same period, while the embedded ai digital application further boosted procurement.
Total cross-border receipts from paying operations exceed $4 billion, net profits of $61,440.4 million, corresponding to growth and the upward movement of gold and the upgrading of digital trade services. The sales/management cost rates are the same as in figure 6: Small Commodity Cities operating cash flows (billions, %)
Investment Recommendations: The company as a whole has largely completed a leap from traditional trade patterns to digital trade ecology, with market operations well developed with digitally integrated services, and a new round of expansion driven by the opening of a global digital trading centre. New business such as digital trading platforms and cross-border payments are expected to inject long-term growth into the company.
Given the global digital trading center’s October 2025 plan to open and contribute annual rent increases, and the import-related author’s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author