The annual report ' s performance rating for the year 2024: The profit boom in the main industry is bright, and the digital trading centres are well on track to build up their subsequent growth, except for this portion of the profit, where the net return profit from the main industry is 2,811 million yuan/+75 per cent, which is impressive.
After deducting the return on investment, the main business net profit was $727 million, or +94 per cent of the year. New business performance, such as electric power platforms and cross-border payments, increased significantly: $165 million net profit achieved by 1chinagoods platform affiliates in 2024 and the same period in 2023
For US$77 million, Chinagoods' ai product has made a breakthrough, and there are currently ai video translation, shop assistants, ai design, stand-alone stations, business cards, visual creations, etc., with over 200,000 users cumulatively and a 20% increase in the use of user orders, contributing to the continued growth of platform revenues and profits.
More than $6 billion in cross-border payments settlements, corresponding to about 50% of the same rate of increase. Leu exports have increased, and small commodity cities have had a higher climate: in 2024, the city of Yeu achieved a total of 100 million yuan in imports and exports, accounting for 61.8% of the total value of imports and exports.
The average number of visits by foreign agents per day was more than 3,900, compared to 17 per cent, and the market was more intense.
Consumer goods out of the sea hub, with a live-in view: State Council officially approved the Integrated Reform for Deepening International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, in December 2024
In accordance with the requirements of the Programme, U-turn has implemented two key reforms, namely, the positive list management of imported consumer goods for daily use and parallel import of household electricity; the company’s goal is to complete a list of 19 types of goods by 2025 and to set up an accompanying system; and cosmetics, health-care products, etc. are gradually included in the positive list of imports within three years.
Small Commodities City (600415): Intensifies international business or becomes a new growth point for companies.
▪ The new market at the Global Digital Trade Centre is well under way and the market segment is expected to open in October: the top of the market block, the completion of the industry layout plan, the opening of 2025m10, the opening of the 2024.11 t3-7 writing building, the closing of the market, and the expected completion of the digital brain, apartments, and commercial streets in 2026.
Given that the company’s new market is open, there may be a significant increase in profits, and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.