On December 27, 2024, the National Development Reform Commission issued a report entitled " Deepening International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province " .
The General Programme for Comprehensive Reform (hereinafter referred to as the Programme) calls for support for the deepening of the focus areas and key components of reform, leading to improvements in the way market procurement trade is conducted, the promotion of innovation in import trade, the full utilization of integrated tax zones, and the promotion of improved rules for cross-border electricity suppliers.
It is hoped that, thanks to policy support and the return of the market climate, the company’s main business will be more well developed. In January-November 2024, the value of Ui-City’s imports and exports totalled $61.39 billion/year-on-year +17.6%, in this case.
Total imports and exports continued to grow at a relatively high rate in 2023, with a clear reform focus in the Programme: “Seven first steps” (improvement of market procurement trade modalities, promotion of innovation in import trade, upgrading of trade platforms and improvement of cross-border electricity trade regulations).
“two pillars” (factor support, first-class business environment), a new round of reforms that will bring a great deal of success to a large number of market operators, especially SMEs.
As the only pilot company in the city of Yeu, the company has already entered the front line of the positive list, and the performance of major businesses, such as future market sales, is expected to continue to improve. Xai’s leading market upgrading transition – the construction of a global digital trading centre – has steadily advanced, with some room for upward performance.
In 24h1 Yu China Small Commodity City Big Data Ltd. (cg platform main) has net profits of over $72.97 million per year +57%, platform gmv45 billion +41%, new registered buyers of over 400,000 and cumulatively over 4.45 million.
Market transformation: companies continue to explore the integration of ai with small commodity trading operations, promoting the transformation and upgrading of the Peifang market, with 45 new third-party digital services products added to 24h1, cumulatively
Xerox digital services produced 194 products covering a wide range of areas and providing a range of depth services; cg platforms joined forces with top teams such as Qinghua, Quixada, Pepsi, 100, etc. to build a 100-person research and development team to launch five self-research ali products for the characteristics of the U market.
Helpers break language barriers, deal with complex and professional problems, capture the needs of buyers and improve the delivery of orders; currently, 17,000 users of the cg platform have in-depth experience of the Small Businessi series and help market operators to upgrade their operations.
High profit growth in the main industry and renewed dynamism in cross-border operations - Centre construction is progressing steadily: 62 per cent of the total number of works completed for the 24h1th phase, the second phase of the engineering city, the main roof of the plate, the main structure of the commercial writing block, about 68 per cent of the top, super-high
China Air Securities Ltd., whose main business is growing steadily, and where new business is growing gradually -- construction starts. We believe that the future will continue to expand into business processes and the world.
The location of the digital trading centres, corporate performance and valuation are expected to benefit from a digital transformation and business model. The business boom in the main camp is still, the aid of a digital transformation - a further upgrading of cross-border renminbi payments, and the growth space in overseas markets.
The first direct currency clearing operation in the Dubai market was successfully completed in conjunction with the China Bank of Commerce and Industry, Abu Dhabi, and a complete process closure was achieved in the cross-border renminbi settlement service, both within and outside the country.
The currency bridge is officially online, making the process of cross-border payments easier and freeing up financial flows, thus significantly enhancing the inclusiveness of financial services. The “Yiwupay” transaction for new cross-border payments between January and September 2024 was more than 20 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase.
chinagoodsgmv continues to grow and has a solid client base. In the third quarter of 12024, the chinagoods platform gmv exceeded $60.8 billion, a 16% increase from the previous quarter, maintaining a high rate of growth.
Long-term trends. Average daily passenger traffic in the 2241 Uu market is 218,000; average foreign business is over 3,600, an increase of over 80 per cent in the same year; and foreign business is about 250,000, an increase of about 95 per cent in the same year.
The chinagoods platform, which relies on the resources of 75,000 real entities in the company market, and the demand for and supply of both sides in the production manufacturing, demonstration of transactions, warehousing logistics, financial credit, market management, etc. The important role of companies in export-import trade on the basis of their obligations has been gradually established.
Firm customer resources, with 2.1 million MSMEs and 32 million workers in the workforce, are expected to accelerate further on-line business development in the future, creating a role model for “bought global sales”, and corporate performance is expected to benefit.
Investment proposals: A company based on “the capital of the world's small commodities” and as an important international trading platform, is expected to be a pioneer in business outreach in the programme's reform pilots, with a multi-dimensional expansion in terms of currency inter-countryization, data transactions, “one-way” construction, and an enabler.
We're going to build a new growth curve in corporate performance by accelerating innovation in the trade model. We're going to build a Chinese stock market team: focusing on fundamental research, building on the frontier of industry, contrasting global perspectives, deep-tracking industries such as meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, and cutting up the latest consumption trends, digging up valuable cattle with acute sniffing.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.