A. Thematic evaluation: Consumer goods at the sea hub with the ability to make a reality on the ground on 04/03/2025
▪ Small Commodity City continues to be active on the ground in the development and landing of the ai tools, enabling market operators, and Yu's boss, Ma'ai, has a lot of traffic on the facebook: an interview with the technical director of the big data company, Pinocchio, based on tidal news, and the Chinagoodsai group under the company's flag during the Spring Festival.
The team is already studying the deployment and adaptation of the DeepSeek model. The Small Businessi Visual Application has access to DeepSeek at the opening of the market and is open to all operators free of charge. The application is self-initiated with a synthetic video that supports 36 languages. According to Xinhua, Yee-won's boss is posted on the site.
The maximum traffic of one-generated video-carrying traffic on Facebook is 54,000, and the company has been active on the big one model and is now more deeply settled: in October 2023, the small commodity city announced and Qinghua (faceless smart technology) entered into a strategic cooperation agreement.
On the same day, the company also published a model of the world’s first major language in business and trade, as well as an image of the “Eirian Cricket.” Market operators were more receptive when the one became functional, and nearly 300 million business owners were already doing business in early 2025.
The city has a large number of products, a high outward orientation, and a large number of small languages, and is suitable for the use of the ai tool. There are as many as 75,000 small commodity-city traders, 26 major groups, 2.1 million commodities, and the new product is fast-paced.
In addition, small commodity cities have an outward orientation of up to 60% + and face 560,000 + foreign traders from more than 100 countries and regions every year. The use of the ai to generate videos and videos in more than 2 million countries, dozens of languages, etc.
The product document, together with communication with foreign companies, is an important one. Small Commodity City (600415): Deepening the international community’s desire to become a performance growth point for companies in the future.
The trade reform program, the Small Commodity City Import and Export platform, has reached over 75,000 small commodity-city traders. As the i-services go online, the platform is expected to increase liquidity and generate incremental performance.
• Investment proposals: it is recommended that attention be paid to the location and realization potential of the ai tools in small commodity cities. Small commodity cities have the capacity, the landscape and the ability to realize them in terms of technology landings and applications. In terms of capacity, Small Commodity Cities (600415): 3-quarter report 2024
In 2023, the company worked with Tsingyun and the Qinghua family to explore the al-Ai model; in addition, the company was evaluated as a trading firm: o3 net return benefits increased by 177 per cent, the main industry easy hub, the company accumulated large amounts of trade data over the years and completed data validation.
On the other hand, a large number of operators, small commodities, and a large amount of foreign demand in Small Mercantile City are good scenarios for the land. In terms of liquidity, companies can realize it in the future, either by charging a fee for a tool, subscription to a service, etc.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We maintain corporate profitability projections, with uncertainty, R & D expenditure or short-term costs affecting the return and realization of companies expected to occur in 2024-26.
Since 2023, small commodity cities have made sustained investments in ai and data asset development, and have made significant progress to date. As the core hub for our small commodities outing the sea, small commodity cities are actively exploring the application of scientific and technological tools such as ai, with a view to better enabling households. Important developments in small commodity cities on ai include:
After the spring of February 2025, the company’s Chenagoodsai team was working on the deployment and adaptation of the deepseek model. After the festival, the platform used the most frequent commercial applications.
Access to DeepSeek at the opening of the market is free and open to all operators. The application can be automatically synthesized, and the operator simply carries the product and says "12345," which means that he can produce a video in multiple languages. In February, the bottom video translation has been supported in 36 languages. According to Xinhua, Yee Ho's boss is posted on Facebook.
As early as 2023, small commodity cities began to explore the commercial sector. In October 2023, small commodity cities announced a strategic collaboration with the Qinghua family (face-wall smart technology) and Qing Xianyun.
On the same day, the company also published a model of the world’s first major language in commerce and trade, as well as an image of the ‘Yu’s boss’. Cooperation with Qinghua, the teeming system, or the company’s basic ability to model large languages enabled the company to produce efficiency gains through the continuous development and roll-out of an ai application, quick access to DeepSeek, etc. This series of collaboration reflects companies, etc.
The management is open to new technologies, and it is expected that more technology will enable the owners of the U-turn region to sell Chinese goods more efficiently. After the i-line, market operators are more receptive, and nearly 300 million operators have been regularized since the beginning of 2025.
According to an up-to-date press report, by the beginning of 2024, more than 4000 shopkeepers in Small Commodity City had used the business model, suggesting that the U-turn market was highly receptive to the benefits of the al-Ai. According to the latest data released by the U-U-Chu Group on February 21, nearly 30,000 businesses in the market are now doing business using a variety of ai tools.
2. Why do small commodity cities need ai?The City has a large number of products, a high outward orientation, a large number of small language applications, and is naturally suitable for ai.
First, it is important to have a large number of small commodity-city traders. According to official statistics, there are about 75,000 small commodity-city stores in the city, and it is a big problem to have such a large number of businesses and how they can be exposed effectively. Businesses must have access to the flow through a variety of means, and therefore are likely to spend a great deal of time and effort on various publicity presentations.
Second, there are a large number of products and a large amount of marketing work. Small commodity cities run 26 large categories, 2.1 million commodities, and new products are fast-tracked.
According to Zhejiang, Yeu has trade with more than 230 countries and territories, with an outward orientation of up to 60%, which means that more than 60% of the tea items sold in Yeu are exported abroad. More than 560,000 foreign customers are purchased in each year from more than one hundred countries and territories.
As a hub for trade, small commodity cities have also hosted buyers from around the world. And a multilingual one will be a powerful assistant to the ladies of the foreign trade scene.
Figure 5: Eu exports are large and growing at a high rate 3. The Ai tool of Small Commodity City has the ability to realize. We believe that the Ai tool of Small Commodity City will have the basis for sustainable realization in the future, and that the Ai tool will become a public tool.
First, the small commodity city's ai-tools are expected to bring incremental demand to the operator, which is the core of the willingness to pay. The distribution of the b2b power provider and the tob-tool tools is problematic because they may not themselves produce incremental business under the b2b scenario.
Cargo information brings customers overseas, while the ai boss's tool person can use a variety of languages to help the boss maintain her customers and identify potential needs. Second, small commodity city operators already have software-paying practices, and the future exit path is open.
The Department operates the Chinagoods platform, which has access to 75,000 small-commodity sub-businesses. The operators are already paying basic membership fees, which means that operators have the habit and willingness to pay online.
The content of the service and the capture of its realization (after all, maas services are very mature at token, and the ai services are a smooth liquidity path at the amount of the service).
4. Investment proposals: It is recommended that attention be paid to the location and realization potential of the ai tools in small commodity cities. In terms of the location and application of the ai technology, small commodity cities have the capacity, scenario and liquidity. In terms of capacity, companies worked with Tsingyun and Qinghua in 2023 to explore a big model of the ai; and, as a trading hub, there are many companies.
In terms of the scenario, a large number of operators, small commodities, and a large amount of foreign demand in the Small Commodity City are good examples of a landfall. In terms of liquidity, companies may be able to realize it in the future by charging a fee for a tool, subscription to a service, etc.
Lack of certainty as to the level of acceptance of the ai by the operator, location, extension and realization of future company ai products, R & D expenditure or short-term costs.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.