Small and medium-sized commodity cities (600415) Strengthening internal and external trade hubs and platform economies of scale to promote good business practices
At the end of December 2024, the National Development Reform Commission issued the General Programme for the Deepening of International Trade and the Transformation of the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province (hereinafter referred to as the Programme). On the same day, the Small Commodities City issued an announcement on the implementation of the Programme.
Introduction: Enhancing the openness to the outside world and improving the business environment. 1) Improving the standards of commerce and trade and promoting internal and external trade. The Programme states that improving the way market procurement trades are conducted, introducing a system of market purchasing groups, optimizing the process of regulating the import and export of goods and achieving efficiency and security balance.
(ii) Innovative digital development to serve small and medium-sized enterprises. The Program proposes reforms in the area of land factor supply, finance, etc., to encourage land supply in combination with rent before lease, lease, and innovative guarantee models to improve inclusive supply chain financial services.
The Programme states that it is strictly forbidden for administrative authorities to over-regulate and create a favourable business environment that protects the rights and interests of entrepreneurs.
Graduates and returning students work and start-up environments to improve the ease of living for foreign investors in China, including the introduction of international health insurance.
According to the Programme, support is being provided for the development of innovative import operations, the improvement of the system of inspection and certification of imports and the reliability of external inspection reports.
In 2023, the business received 62.11% of the revenue from the main battalion's operations (2024/10/16), which is the main driving force behind the growth of the business.
The 24h1 point review: a robust performance in leading the business sector towards 90% of total imports and exports shows that there is great potential for import operations. As support for import operations increases, the future performance of small commodity cities is to be expected.
The Programme notes that the compulsory trade logistics system continues to grow and that the second curve on the line is getting better.
The need to build synergies between land, sea and air port intermodal transport and long-triangular areas, with reference to the promotion of digitalization along the Central European Class (2024/4/22) and “ave along” routes, has contributed to the level of digitization of commodity storage and logistics.
There is a high demand for "Cyclical Business with Acupunctures for Acupuncture and Transformation".
Three digital storage systems for supply chain parks are conducive to the creation of U-U as an efficient hub in the internal and external trade logistics system. In the third quarter of 2024, the Chenagoods platform exceeded the Gmv by $60.8 billion, compared with the ratio of 16%. 3) Innovative financial inclusion models, enabling small and medium-sized enterprise development.
In January-September 2024, payments for new cross-border payments exceeded RMB 20 billion, compared to the same amount.
+770. Meanwhile, business-city factoring under the flag provides diversified financing and guarantee services to SMEs, alleviating the pressure on registered businesses. With economies of scale, small commodity cities earned more than $10.6 billion in their main business in January-September 2024.
1. Consumption has not fully recovered or has had an impact on the demand side of the commercial and trade markets; 2. The international situation is unstable or has an impact on exports.