Events: The company published its annual report for 2023, which achieved a gross operating income of $15.560 billion, higher than the previous year's increase in profits, and maintained excellent profits and cash flow.
Revenues of $45,244 million (year-on-year +19.80 per cent) and net profit returns of approximately $21,858 million (same-year net increase in non-premature fixed-term deposits of the controlling subsidiary, Kotai Group Finance Ltd.)
126,589 million yuan, or +17.4 per cent, the world’s only single bottle of wine of 100 million grades in Guotai has continued to consolidate, with 11 per cent increase in volume and 6 per cent increase in price, and Māori rates equal to -0.07 ptt to 94.12 per cent, with 3 per cent increase in price and 26 per cent increase in price, and the first two years of Māori marketed only to be a 100 billion class.
The Prince Mao's Liquor Camp received more than $4 billion, the Hansel Camp, the Guizhou Monument and the Lai Mau Camp, respectively, more than 10 years old, with 0.64 million tons of design capacity to be released, and 30,000 tons of sauce-sweet alcohol modification projects are in progress.
Kotau, Guizhou (600519); anchorage ratio + 5.77 pct to 45.67 per cent, of which Itao earned 22,374 million yuan in sales, and Guitao, 600,519: elephants again.
The public administration is expected to accelerate the achievement of the 1455 goal, in line with the continued improvement of product and channel structures. As the top of the "World Wine brand" list, the company is still not working.
• Disruption of the expression of Maotai culture and promotion of traditional Chinese culture, alcohol culture and the creation of Maotai culture; innovative development; and reinforcement of brand moats.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Risk factors: Risks of macroeconomic uncertainty; TRPs are not as advanced as expected. \triangleright coupons form food-beverages teams, whose members are predominantly developed by industry seniors and leading schools.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research, development and operation in Sapto, a big milk company.
Queer, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021, plus a drink team, covers mainly white wine plates.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (in depth, in Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and the beverages (in depth, in farmers’ springs). The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.