The performance of 2024q1 has grown steadily, and product channels have been balanced. The first quarter of 2024 of Yutai, Guizhou (600519), was evaluated: the company published the first quarter of 2024.
The company, as a high-end white wine leader, has a strong brand and a high degree of recognition, and its performance has grown steadily in the first quarter of this year. 2024q1, the company achieved a total operating income of 46.485 billion yuan, an increase of 18.04%, and a net return to the mother of 24.65 billion yuan, a comparison.
The company plans to achieve a business gross revenue growth of about 15% in 2024, and a steady growth performance in the first quarter provides a good basis for the company to achieve its business objectives this year. 2024q1 has a balanced structure of products and channels.
The growth in double-digit alcohol is mainly due to the build-up of large single items like 100 m1 flying days and fine items. According to sub-channels, the speed of distribution by distributors increased during the first quarter of this year, driving the company's distribution channels.
By contrast, the i-pot growth slowed down. According to specific data, 2024q1 company wholesale channels achieved business income of $26,324 million, an increase of 25.78 per cent compared to the previous year; direct-line lines were operating with a steady increase in the Māori ratio of 2024q1 company, and tax and other disturbances in profitability levels. 2024q1, company Māori
As a leader in the white wine industry, the company’s two-wheel drive strategy of the company’s bubbly and series of wines is clear and continuously optimized. With the release of capacity, there is room for further price increases in the company’s volume.
It is expected that productive capacity will be released less than expected, macroeconomic fluctuations, etc. Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable for use of “medium- and high-risk” studies at a risk level, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of various categories of our Division who have their own qualifications in securities investment advice or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.