2024q1 Quarterly Review: Sold steady, long-term
q1 income continues to grow at a high level of power and the channel structure is finely regulated. 1) Sub-products: 124q1 pg alcohol revenue has increased by 17.7 per cent over the year, demand at the super-high end has stabilized since 23h2 and estimates of non-specific investment have slowed down. 2 series of alcohol revenue has increased by 18.4 per cent, and we expect the New Han sauce market to contribute.
Partial increase, relative control at 1935 speeds. 2) Sub-channels: i-pot and other direct distribution channels 24q1 sales revenue increased by 9.0 per cent and 8.3 per cent, respectively, reflecting the company's market value of a market share (million yuan) as a list of prices for products of care.
At present, appropriate regulatory channels are available (data tracking ipot q1 and 1935 drops on the same scale). 3) At the receiving end: q1 +  contract liability increased by 30 per cent on the same basis, mainly due to late spring 24, turnover of operating tax funds was reduced by Maori and sales rates continued to rise. 24q1 net interest rate on sales continued to rise.
Net assets per share ($,lf) are expected to be mainly invested in the company during the season around the low-end and 1935 advertising and market expansion costs
Increased; management and R & D costs increased only slightly during the same period, by 2.7% at the same rate -0.7pt.
It's good to see the price performance of the pony table in the long run.
Guizhou Mautai (600519): Overachieved, unpriced, with many scenes, multi-dimensional white wine consumption growing, digging for demand, cutting off innovation for giants.
Increment, optimized supply-demand matching, and direct distribution channels with precision and synergy, it is expected to create profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies operate at a high pace from the surface, short-term flying increases ease the upward pressure; in the medium term, with the expansion of production and demand, price-resilient toolbox instruments will be enriched.
We're a little bit stylish about performance, supported by a strong branding premium.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.