The company's review of the white wine ii Liu Lei-jin
Events: The annual newspaper in Maotai, Guizhou, achieved 15.6 billion yuan in 2023, or +18 per cent in 2023; net profit for mothers was 74.7 billion yuan, or +19.2 per cent, of which 45.2 billion yuan, or 1.2 billion dollars, was received for the 4q23 Battalion. This corresponds to 23q4, which is more pronounced, with 23q4 gross revenue calculated according to the previous announcement.
In 2023, there was a larger increase in the sales of Mautai: $12.6 billion in 2023, compared to the actual production capacity of 57,000 tons of Mautai. The increase in the sales was greater in 2023, or due to the relatively high volume of base alcohol produced five years ago, but it may be a bottleneck for the next two years. Ton prices rose steadily, as a result of non-standards.
The price increases have continued to rise, with a small contribution to the price hikes that have taken place since 1 November. The alcohol product series is much clearer: 20.6 billion yuan in 2023, or 29.4% in 2023; sales are equal + 2.9% in 2023, and ton prices are equal + 25.7% in 193.5 billion yuan in Maow, or less in 2023.
It's 300 million yuan deep, and the product matrix is much clearer and more focused. Wholesale agent revenue has increased, and the camp channel is slowing down: split channels, 2023.
The revenue from the agency channel increased from a drop to a year-on-year increase of +7.5%, of which q4 revenue increased significantly from the same year-on-year increase of +20.7%. The volume of sales from the channel increased slightly from the same year-on-year increase of +1.1%. The increase in revenue was mainly from the same-year average of +20.7% from the direct channel of 2304, of which i-pot and other online platforms continued to secure revenue.
High-speed growth has led to a decline in revenue from self-employment channels on a year-on-year basis, contrary to the trend observed in previous quarters. Profitability has continued to rise: in 2023, the net return interest rate was equal to +0.5 pct, with a stable Māori rate, a slight increase in sales costs due to higher advertising costs and a decrease in management costs.
[Galaxy Eating] Company evaluates the performance of Guozhou Mautai (600519), which is more than completed.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Li-Jen, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in research on securities in the food, beverages and other consumer goods industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.