Long-termism, development quality, corporate research, company quick evaluation, food drinks, white wine.
Investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance)
Company announcement: On 29 May 2024, Maotai, Guizhou, held a general meeting of shareholders in 2023. (1) The State ' s belief in food and drink is to continue to maintain long-termism and balance the relationship between speed and quality of development. (2) Mao Dai respects the profits of the distributors, handles the competition between the soy sauce and wine companies properly. 3) 2024, or more, tested Mao Dai ' s management wisdom, followed-up channel reform.
In 2023, the new Chairman of the Board, Zhang De Cao, delivered a speech entitled “Let's work together for stability, health, and sustainable development.” The company will continue to adhere to long-term long-termism, with the “quality” element at the top of its long-term core competitiveness, following the “production-subsistence quality.”
In branding, companies will focus on raising the reputation of brands, respecting the profitability of distributors, and looking forward to the reputation of distributors of companies. We believe that Maotai will not deliberately slow growth in the future, and will continue to develop healthy health while maintaining quality at its centre.
From the point of view of vendor relations, the history of the review shows that during the various industrial adjustments, Mao has attached great importance to the maintenance of the supplier’s relationship and to securing reasonable profits from the channel. Maotai is expected to continue to attach importance to the dealer’s normal operating profits, and is not expected to require the sale of a series of liquors and adjoining products, thereby ensuring that the dealer’s team will be assured that they will be able to do so.
In a competitive relationship, you can expect that you can compete with each other, that you can make progress, and that you will not use its resources to help other businesses. In 2024, or more, you will test Mao’s business wisdom, follow-up channel reform, or important observation points.
In terms of channel reform, companies follow up or actively look for balance in the channel structure against a background of relatively high direct access, leading to steady growth in the medium term. In terms of product diversification, the huts continued to use culture as an inner core in 2024, introducing non-bills, such as flying flowers, to create alcohol.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author