In the evening of 26 July, the first shareholder, the Fujian Treasury Department, issued an announcement that on 26 July 2022, the company’s share of 112.02 million shares had increased by about $200 million. And the first shareholder, the Fujian Treasury, had increased its share, highlighting confidence in the development of the bank.
With the growth of the provincial treasury in \triangleright, the share of the holding bank in total equity rose from 18.85 per cent to 18.9 per cent, taking into account the increase in the shareholder dimension of the company's shareholdings, which demonstrates a strong bottom-up confidence in the development of the growth bank.
Three business cards create a new picture of development.
The pioneers of the transition to a domestic “business + investment” strategy, with the gradual release and realization of the benefits of business investment, are expected to iron out some degree of volatility in the performance of the lower cycle of the economy. The “Three Business Cards” breed sustainable growth and contribute to the upgrading of clients and business structures.
By the end of the 21st year, the balance of green finance stood at $1.4 trillion, with bankable green finance lending exceeding $450 billion and a small gap with the balance of public real estate loans.
In the case of wealth banks, in a context of greater volatility in the capital markets of 22q1, the Episode Bank has achieved a further 2nd (601166.sh) report, 2021:
In July, Silver Finance became the second financial and equity subsidiary to manage $2 trillion in size, all of which will contribute to the new state of the strategy, with the new five-year piloting of the 2022/03/rich bank, whose functioning as a source of future capital will be improved.
3. Corporate event review of the Bank of Engage (601166): 50 billion yuan worth of fungible debt is now in the conversion period, with strong momentum for performance growth. 50 billion yuan worth of fungible bank debt transfer began on 30 June 22nd. As of 22q1, core-level capital of the Bank of Epentry was in the conversion period.
4. Energetic banks: There is still a greater need for capital supplementation in the vast growth space with higher performance and better asset quality. As of 27 July, there is still much room for improvement in the price range of the Energetic banks, and it is hoped that this will be facilitated by good performance growth.
The Bank of Episodes (601166): positive profit growth, bad rate Investment proposal: strong transition, growth of large shareholders, development confidence Growth of business cadres and large shareholders has been achieved twice during the year, reflecting bottom-up attention to companies
(b) 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
Figure 2: Revenue from net fees and fees from the Episode Bank up to 22q1 as compared to the rate of increase
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.