The strategy is reflected in the statement, which can be seen as “the growth rate of the boom and the recovery of profits before the provision is maintained at a steady pace”. 22h1 battalion collects yoy + 6.3%, the ring ratio - 0.4 pct, while the pre-set profit ratio + 1.8%, the ring ratio + 1.9 pct, is robust for profitability.
As a result, the net interest income and the growth rate of the Bank of Episode 22h1 was low, with the ratio -1.7 pct, -15.3 pct, respectively; fortunately, the other non-interested income, yoy +37.1 per cent, was cashed by investment strength and buoyancy, with weaker demand and interest differentials, and the investment conglomerates. In the first half of the year, in the context of the “asset waste”,
\triangleright Average balance of bank loans at yoy + 10.8% below the ring; coupled with an Ipr drop in interest-bearing assets, a 16bp drop in return from 2021 year-round, an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities by 3bp, with double squeezes causing net interest differentials
The share of non-interest income has increased, showing the advantage of comptoirs + investment. While the overall gain in 22h1 is weak, the main factor is weak in agency business, at $810 million, while the ratio in the consultant investment has increased by +1.44 billion, creating an effective hedge.
With excellent investment capacity, the return on investment is nearly double that of +70.1 billion. So, the three conglomerates of non-interest income go hand in hand and go up to public fpa and retail aum. 22h1 vs. public fpa \triangleright
Quarterly reports of the Bank of Episodes (601166.sh) for the year 2022 explain that credit is “opened” and has turned upside down, and that the Bank of Episodes (601166.sh) for the year 2021 explains:
The manufacturing and capital sectors account for +0.8 pct, +0.4 pct, real estate - 0.2 pct. The strategy is new, “new five years” re-led by 2022/03/, with poor proactive pressure and stable asset quality. 22h1 affected by the epidemic, real estate, renting and commerce
\triangleright services, credit card deficit net increase of $4.4 billion, $3.5 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively, together to take stock of the overall badness of the company's incident at the Brethren Bank (601166): Core Bone
The rate was higher by 5 bp, and the provision coverage was reduced by 17.6 pct. However, the 90-day ratio +4 bp and within 90-day ratio +5 bp, in terms of the overdue structure, indicates a stronger perception and less pressure in the future.
Investment proposal: “Asyllables” are covered with the investment conglomerate, and the investment gains are covered with the investment conglomerate, and the three main conglomerates are used to promote the growth of public fpa and retail aum more efficiently, while the growth of harvests and pops is still steady and positive in times of major environmental downturns, and the strategy begins to be implemented as reported.
Figure 1: Summary of the growth in performance of booming banks Figure 5: Disaggregation of net interest differentials between booming banks Figure 6: Income structure of booming banks ' intermediate operations (millions of yuan)
Figure 7: Other non-interest-bearing income structures of the Employing Bank (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Employing Bank operating income structure (millions of yuan) Figure 12: Employing Bank overdue loan structure
Figure 13: The ratio of public loans to public interest-bearing assets. Summary of data projections on corporate financial statements. Methodology and analytical logic. Independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.