The three-quarterly review of the Chang An Car (000625), the company's profits were steadily repaired and the new and autonomous energy sources continued to grow.
In the first three quarters, the company actually earned $114.93 billion, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the previous three quarters, the mother ' s net profit was $3.06 billion, compared to 2.1 per cent, the non-mortality net profit was $540 million, compared to 5.8 per cent, and the profit side was stable.
On the Māori side, the Māori rate remained at 15.7% during the reporting period, the same period as the previous year, largely driven by the increase in marketing costs associated with the promotion of new products and the construction of channels. New and autonomous sources of energy continued to grow, while overseas performance continued to be strong.
In July 2025, China’s Cheong An Automobile Group Ltd. officially listed in Chongqing to consolidate the core assets of the Chang An vehicle and the e-Teung group.
Together with the business module, a total of 117 molecular companies were integrated into the new architecture. This organizational upgrade defined the strategic orientation of “a world class automobile group with global competitiveness and ownership of key technologies” to further strengthen management efficiency and resource integration.
To set up a front-line technology track, planning for the production of human robotics in 2028, commercializing applications in the field of flying vehicles in 2030, and working with the Gyeongdong Group to expand digital marketing, service delivery and post-market capabilities to continuously improve user efficiency and ecological coverage.
Ifnd produces less than expected risks, customers develop less than expected, etc. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board references are to three index points.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.