Chang An (000625) Camp 2025q3 has seen a rise in co-ops, smartness and clear robotic development planning, thanks mainly to upwards in the volume of new energy vehicles such as Deep Blue S05, Source q07, but influenced by competitive pressures in the industry, cs55plus, un-k, etc., with a sharp drop in the price of the main fuel fuel type, resulting in lower average vehicle prices, resulting in higher yields than sales.
(c) Cost end: increased costs of sales/management of new products from 2024q3 and overseas market expansion; changes in financial costs mainly affected by exchange gains and interest income;
Looking ahead to the city, as new energy markets, such as A06, Deep Blue 206, and continuing downswing work, the company’s profits are expected to be repaired further. Smart layout leads, level 1-3 intellectual + forward-looking technology opens up the space for growth.
Double-wheel drive, technology layout leading, expected to be revalued. 1) Tier 3 autopilot: Company leads in access to and testing of level 1 3 autopilot, one of the first class 1 3 autopilot access pilot units, and aims to obtain test plates by the end of November 2025. With subsequent regulations, company is expected to take the lead in achieving level 3 on end B-operated vehicles.
"Long An Car (000625); 2025h1 seized the land and seized the commercial precursors; 2) forward-looking technology layout: the company is accelerating the promotion of flying cars, man-made robots, and no return to the mother, with a steady increase in net profit and a new energy cycle.
The development of human commercial equipment, the development of flying vehicles with a multi-billion-car joint venture with the intelligence industry, and the expected continuation of prototypes by the end of 2025 — company review report — test flights, with commercialization planned for 2030 of products with airline capability; and human robotics.
The company is working with its head partners to break through core technology such as the robot “brain” smart decision-making system, the “energy” efficient management module and the “drilling” of the Chang An automobile (000625), which is designed to produce human robots by 2028; in the non-commercial field, the company is also actively exploring it.
The Cars Group was formed, and the deep blues were rolled out in a tight rhythm, so that the products of the unmanned vehicles, the drones, the bones, and so on.
Investment Recommendations: Based on the company's actual performance in the first three quarters and recent sales, we adjust the profit projections, forecast a steady increase, deep blue march into the European market - corporate simplicity, a steady advance in the strategic layout, and new technologies such as autopilots and robots are expected to reshape the valuation, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the results of the study, which are presented in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.