At the end of the income: A rise in the volume of autonomous sales facilitates the recovery.
\triangleright 2025q3 combined sales of 471,000 vehicles (CMA caliber), +26.8 per cent of the year, +23.4 per cent of the year ' s year, +9.6 per cent of the year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s average growth, which is greater than the increase in the volume of major sales.
The Māori ratio: 2025q3 Māori is 15.7%, compared to +0.0pt, ring +0.5pt, three-quarterly drops are higher and the Māori ratio is higher, in contrast to the inner volume and scale effect.
As a follow-up to the company's downfall, the Māori rate is expected to improve.
The change in financial costs is mainly due to exchange gains and interest income. At the end of the investment return: 2025q3 RMB 80 million in investment earnings for associated and joint ventures, compared to 1.006225.sz, which is the twenty-ninth in a series of cars (000625.sz):
In July 2025, China’s Changan Motors Group \triangleright Ltd. was founded in Chongqing, integrating 117 molecules, such as the Changan Cars and the Tianxiang Group.
The strategic positioning and core objective of the group: to create a globally competitive world with autonomous core technologies is the first-class group of automobiles. With regard to new business, the company plans to produce low-line robotics in 2028, 2030.
3. La An (000625.sz) series evaluation XXVII: Launching and commercialization of flight vehicle products along routes, and signing a strategic cooperation agreement with the Gyeongdong Group to advance the Aveta + Deep Blue Power New Energy Accelerating - 2025/
Full-source marketing and after-sales services. We believe that the formation of the new group will help to deepen the integration of resources, strengthen the industrial chain, coordinate, improve the efficiency of the management and internationalization of the Chang-Ang's car, and advance corporate intellectuals, robotics \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.