Autonomous brand sales growth, robot development and construction 04 November 2025.
201.07 million vehicles, compared with 12.2 per cent of the previous year, were sold in October by a sub-brand of 37,000 vehicles, compared to 28.1 per cent in October, a ring ratio of 9.4 per cent and a cumulative 269,000 vehicles, corresponding to +56.9 per cent in January-October, and 13,506 vehicles, corresponding to an increase in the sale of autonomous brands and new energy sources.
With regard to new energy sources, the volume of new energy vehicles sold by the company in October, such new products as vehicles (medium-sized cars) and start-up b216 (concrete suv) will gradually increase to ensure that the fuel-basket is burned while the electrical transition is accelerated.
Aveta, deep blue power, new energy transitions are accelerating. Deep blue, Avita brands have accumulated \triangleright, Matenian, January-October, respectively.
Deep blue cars officially launched a pre-sale screen for medium-sized pure electric sedans running lo6. This time, four models were launched, with an estimated price of $13.99-16.19 million, which is scheduled to be officially marketed in four quarters. At a time of severe homogenization of the 150,000-grade pure electricity market, Deep Blue Lo6 was presented as "Introduction is high" with laser mines.
High-end configuration of "breakdowns" such as Da, Magnetic Volcano and 3nm capsule chips, directly aimed at driving fun.
Avita 2. Long An (000625.sz) series reviews 28: Sov and mpv will be placed on the market in 2026, based on a completely new sda 2.0 modular architecture.
In July 2025, the China Chang An Automobile Group 3. Chang An Motors (000625.sz) series commented on 27:
The company was founded in Chongqing, integrating 117 molecular companies, such as the Cheong An car and the e-Team group, to identify the strategic positioning and core objectives of the group: a globally competitive world with autonomous core technologies
With regard to the new business, the company plans to produce low-line human robots in 2028, launch and commercialize the airline car product in 2030, and sign a strategic cooperation agreement with the Tokyo Group to promote full-source marketing and after-sales services. We believe that the formation of the new group will help to deepen the integration of resources and strengthen the industrial chain.
Synergy to improve the efficiency of the management and internationalization of the Cheonan vehicle, and to promote corporate wisdom, robotics \triangleright Figure 1: The volume of the GWG's wholesale sales and the same speed increase (vehicles; %)
Figure 2: Wholesale sales and equal speed of Chang An Automobile (vehicle; %) Figure 3: Monthly sales of deep blue brands (vehicles) Figure 4: Monthly sales of Avita brands (vehicles)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.