The company was formerly the Shanghai County Minerals Company, established in 1986 and subsequently changed by name, and issued an "h share " in 2003 and changed in 2004.
In its current name, it was placed on the market in 2008 and is currently engaged in the exploration, extraction, refining and marketing of metal mineral resources, such as gold, copper and zinc, on a global scale, in 2018 billion yuan, or +12.11 per cent of the total; it has benefited from corporate financial cost control and reduced impairment of assets.
The net profit is now 4,094 million yuan, compared with +16.71 per cent, with profits growing slightly faster than revenues. Structurally, the company’s business can be divided into two major pieces of mining and metal smelting, with the main Māori sector accounting for 21.4 per cent of the gold produced in mines, 33.0 per cent of copper produced in mines, 19.6 per cent of zinc produced in mines, and 7.7 per cent of the iron concentrate (no).
In historical performance, companies, as metal resource-type companies, are subject to product price cyclicality, with a robust overall increase in income and a higher profit margin. We believe that the company is now looking at: 1) prices, accompanied by dollar interest hikes.
(b) In terms of capacity, the process of corporate internationalization has accelerated, and overseas M&As + prospecting increases + projects in progress have been launched, together contributing to performance and a double valuation.
Prices: Gold prices are short- and medium- and elastic, followed by copper, and zinc is pressured by: 1) gold prices, with strong short- and medium-term shocks. Since the beginning of 2019, the price of comex gold has gradually swollen, and the period to June will support the price of gold, and 19h2 gold is expected to maintain a concussion pattern, taking into account geopolitics and geopolitics.
On the one hand, the international copper research team predicted a global shortage of 189,000 tons of refined copper in 2019 and a further increase to 250,000 tons in 2020, with a supply gap; on the other hand, with a global supply gap.
Economic growth is expected to decline, or to drag copper down, but it remains optimistic in the medium term; 3) zinc prices continue to be under pressure. As supply-side global zinc capacity will continue to accelerate release, adding up demand at the demand side as a result of the macroeconomic slowdown, demand is expected to weaken, and shocks are expected to remain stressful and weak throughout the year.
In terms of production: benefiting from new inputs + M & As, production is increasing faster than the previous year. According to the company’s annual production plan, benefiting from new construction projects and M & A factors, the target for 2019 is 40 tons of mining gold, +9.6% of the same year; 350,000 tons of mineral copper, +41.1% of the same year; 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 380,000 tons.
This compares with +36.7 per cent, 275 tons of mineral silver, +24.6 per cent, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrate. Given that the production of the company’s main varieties has been increasing at a faster rate, the company’s performance has accelerated release time.
Price cycle fluctuations are irrational, so current performance is only a part of the company’s value, and it is more important to have resource varieties, reserves, grades, etc., and is more appropriate for pb valuations.The company pb is currently 2.36, and in its multi-time dimensions of almost 10, 5 and 3 years, it is now valued.
All are below average, with a high probability of return upwards and a high security margin.