The six-monthly report on the mining industry (601899), published in 2019, generated 67,198 million yuan, an increase of 34.90 per cent.
The company's main metal company was aided by offshore projects, production increased, and the company's main business increased significantly, but...
The decline in copper and zinc has dragged company performance: in the first half of the year, it benefited from the success and 25.92% of the company’s offshore mining projects. Smelting production also increased significantly, leading to an increase in corporate gross revenue of 34.90% over the same year.
The market value of the share in circulation (millions of dollars) The share of total corporate profits is larger, influenced by weak copper, zinc demand and downside prices, and the group group shows a relative depth of 300 indexes.
• Continued dynamism of offshore projects and upgrading of international operations: effective integration of new company M&A projects, smooth transition from the Serbian Por copper (gold) mine, smooth transition to profit-and-loss and orderly progress in the development of the timok copper mine; construction of the Congolese Kamoa-Cakura copper mining project
Significant progress has been made in the exploration for the discovery of new high-grade massive sulphide copper mineralizers in the northern part of Kamoa; the full-scale production of 50,000 tons of Congolese Cobalt Cobalt (Cobalt) production-capable wet-law systems into the 100,000 tons/grade-grade copper mines and the continued increase in the storage of copper and cobalt resources; and the restoration of the upgrading of the Bazvopogragin minerals.
• The company’s international operations have continued to rise, as the system for mining zinc polymetals in Tuwarung has become operational, the improvement in gold mining in Kyrgyzstan’s Oyok and Tajik Zehrav has been remarkable.
(b) The tight supply side of the copper mines, where tc/rc continues to go low, or where smelting incentives are affected, is expected to rise back 20 years after the country's warming and copper demand: influenced by uncertainties such as trade frictions between China and the United States.
We're optimistic about the company's future operations.
Risk factors: Continued low prices of staple products, exchange rate fluctuations, changes in mining location policies abroad, under-input of new projects, safety of production, changes in national environmental policies, etc.