The fall in metal prices affected the company's performance in the first half of the year.
The first half-yearly report of 2019 by the Purple Gold Mining Company, which generated revenues of $67,198 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 34.90 per cent over the same period; and the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company, i.e., the fall in the price of copper and zinc, which held the company back.
During the reporting period, industrial metal prices fell as a result of the global economic resonance downturn and the continued escalation of the Central American trade war. Average gold prices in London fell by 0.85 per cent per year in the first half of 2019, to $1306.54 per ounce, and lme copper prices fell by $11.13 per cent to $6177.42 per year.
The average price of lme zinc fell by 17.9 to 2665.27 ton on the same date. The price of the company’s main mineral variety metal fell, resulting in a 5.82 to 44 per cent decline in the company’s combined Māori rate in the first half of the year, and a 3.01 decline in the group’s combined Māori rate in the same year.
The same-year increase of 43.33 per cent was due mainly to the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper floating system, the introduction of the Odunda and wet-law systems, the launch of the second phase of the Dobble Hills and the increase in the production of the vegetated copper industry; and an increase of 25.92 per cent to 18.67 million tons in mineral zinc concentrates on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to an increase of 25.92 per cent to 18.67 million tons.
This is due to the increase in the company’s new M&A of the Bisha project. The company’s continued increase in mineral and metal production provides a strong guarantee for the company’s future performance release. (ii) Gold prices enter a new cycle of rising prices that will become the company’s future business.
During the reporting period, global economic growth slowed, with central banks, led by the Federal Reserve, cutting interest rates, market evasiveness rising, driving gold prices from $1282.9 per ounce at the beginning of the year to $20.06 per cent at the end of August, and 1540.2 per ounce at the end of August.
The possibility of the US economy moving from a deceleration to a recession in the midst of repeated trade wars between the US and China is on the rise, and the cme Federal Reserve observation tool shows that the Fed's probability of reducing interest rates in September is rising again.
It is not the expectation that the adjustments in the cycle will be strengthened, which will continue to depress the rate of return on US public debt and the real rate of return, driving the rise in gold prices. And the Fed’s continued interest rate reduction into a monetary easing cycle will bring gold prices into a new cycle of rising prices.
Companies, the largest producers of domestic mineral gold, will benefit fully from the rise in the price of gold. As the country’s non-ferrous metal conglomerates, the company, through endogenous development and overseas mergers and acquisitions, has increased its capacity to produce metals, enhance its stock of assets of superior quality resources, and increase its internal strength, and is expected to grow into a global mineral resource giant in the future.
Production projects have progressed steadily, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo-Kolwezi copper (cobalt) mining project, the Dobble Mountain copper second phase of the expansion project, the Serbian timok copper (gold) mining project, the Democratic Republic of the Congo-Kamoa copper phase one in an orderly manner, and the company ' s gold-copper minerals have been gradually being fully operationalized in recent years, and the company is about to enter the harvest period.
The steady rise in gold prices in the currency easing cycle will also support the company’s performance. We expect large commodity prices to fall sharply in 2019 and 2020, and 3) mining projects have not advanced as expected.