The gold and copper industry has grown steadily, and production has opened up the space for performance.
67,198 million yuan, representing an increase of 34.90 per cent over the same period; a net return profit of 1,853 million yuan, representing a decline of 26.64 per cent over the same period; a steady growth in the gold and copper main industry and a growth in the price of lead and zinc in the Maori rate; and a steady growth in the company ownership during the reporting period.
The increase was mainly from the Pogra gold mines: 39.7 million tons of mineral copper (an increase of 17.81 per cent) from the Kolwezi, Do Boshan and Purple Goldpol mines; 18.667 million tons of mineral zinc (an increase of 25.92 per cent), 17.4 million tons of lead concentrate (a decrease of 9.63 per cent); 109.54 tons of mineral silver (a decrease of 4.87 per cent), 1.68 million tons of iron concentrate (an increase of 32.28 per cent).
The decline in the Māori ratio of copper, lead and zinc, as well as the increase in trading operations, resulted in a decline of 3.01 percentage points to 11.24 per cent in the overall Māori rate.The impact of the tailing effect has been limited in sustainability and increases are expected to optimize the asset structure \triangleright
The increase of 34.68 per cent at the end of the current period, an increase of $894 million, was a drag on corporate performance, resulting in a decrease of 11.53 per cent in net cash flows due to mergers and acquisitions, while investment and fund-raising activities remained active and investment outflows and borrowing balances increased by 24.46 per cent, 23.84 per cent. The windfall effects of the whole upper Por mine did not have any continuing impact,
The company intends to increase and reduce the leverage of the company, with cost implications that can be controlled as a whole.
(b) Bisha is expected to produce an annual increase of 17,000 tons of copper and 127,000 tons of zinc. At the same time, the Kamoa mine is more available.
Research assistant: Xue Shayang is economically strong, leading to an increase in the production of 300,000 tons of copper per year after childbirth. In addition, the difficult polymetallurgical and low-grade mineral development of Norton gold fields is progressing in an orderly manner and is expected to continue to improve their performance.
Gold operations are expected to increase their performance, opening up long-term profit margins, and the company’s home-grown leader in mineral gold will benefit fully from the rise in gold prices. The US economy is losing ground, global supply chain frictions are rising, geopolitical risks remain, and short-term gold shocks are rising.
It is expected that there will be strong, inflationary concerns in the United States, negative multinational interest rates to support the value of the gold allocation, and the risk of falling down the world’s major currencies, depending on the long-term upward trend in gold. Gold operations are expected to increase their performance and open up long-term profit margins.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarial Science and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, for non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, are all from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,