Purple gold mining (601899): triple cost increases, high profit margins and benefits to be seen
In Forbes, 2019, the company ranked 10th in the world's non-ferrous metals industry and 1st in the world's gold industry. The company has a significant resource advantage: it is one of the largest integrated mining giants in the country and is within the country.
It is one of the largest multi-metal mining groups in China, as well as the Chinese mining company, which owns the largest tons of mineral resources in the sea, has 495.2 million tons of copper metal and other metals, and has nearly 700,000 tons of copper and zinc refining capacity.
One of many companies. The company’s main products, such as major gold, copper, zinc etc., grew in full production, while the offshore incremental projects began to work: the company’s gold, the exploitation and sale of mineral resources.
Production from copper, zinc and iron ore operations +45 per cent/+18 per cent/+21 per cent/+32 per cent; of these, minerals: 8 billion tons (+32 per cent) have been publicly requested for additional gold/copper/zinc/companya shares. 50,000 tons of wet-capable capacity in Kolwezi, Mt. II, Bisha and rtb
In addition, mineral gold, mineral copper, and offshore projects are proceeding in an orderly manner, and the output of the company’s mineral products will increase further. We expect the company’s mineral production of gold, copper, zinc and iron to increase to 39 tons, 350,000 tons, 350,000 tons and 2.5 million tons, respectively, during the year.
▪ Copper is the company ' s main business, and the increase in Māori profits by three fees is the main cause of the decline in corporate profits: public sector H1 gold, copper revenues accounted for 72.9 per cent of the main business income, with gold accounting for 55.6 per cent and copper for 17.3 per cent; company combined Māori accounted for between 3 per cent and 11.24 per cent of the total, mainly as a result of the sale costs of minerals, copper and zinc, at metal prices
The main reason for the decline in the net profit of the parent is $670 million in the same year. Sales/management/fiscal costs +46%, +37% and +29%, respectively, are mainly related to the incorporation of new mergers and acquisitions and interest payments.
The financial costs are expected to decrease, with 2.2 billion shares being released in exchange for the acquisition of devsun.  New projects will need to be scaled up, and resource advantages will need to be translated into efficiency gains: the launch of the Dobble Mountain II and the Black Dragon River Purple Project will boost the company’s mineral copper and copper smelting capacity by 80,000 and 150,000 tons, respectively.
In addition, the company ' s offshore rtbbor project began to undergo a process of technological change, with a projected contribution of 27,000 tons of minerals and 50,000 tons of copper smelting in 2019; and the construction of the timok with mines and the Kamoa project in an orderly manner, which is expected to result in a total of 78,000 tons of mineral copper in mid-2021.
With 1.5 tons of gold, equity cash flows contribute about $4.323 billion.  gold prices have shifted upwards, and copper prices have stabilized overall: domestic base gold prices have increased by 10.9% over the year, taking into account the continuation of the gold hedge premium, liquidity premium and exchange rate premium, as well as the consistency of central bank purchases.
And continuing, the annual gold price is $1,600. Despite systematic repression of copper prices, the state of copper supply and demand has been structurally reversed, and the trend-magnification of the copper supply gap is expected to lead to a relatively stable operation of copper prices by 2023 (years of re-release of mineral supply).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the violet mine (601899): three-fee increases that drag profits and yield benefits to be realized.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
9 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, formerly at the East Hing Futures Investment Council.
Chief Executive Officer, Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former investment manager, Quantified Nobu Yong Fong Dong-hing Asset Management Programme. Second prize for joint research on futures options, China Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE) and third prize for joint research on futures; and Chinese gold for futures.
The shares refer to options for a competition for market simulations. Authors of futures weather for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal. 2018 analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that violet mining (601899): three-fee increases cost profits and efficiency gains to be realized.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.