This week's industry perspective: a proposal to focus on investment opportunities in copper and precious metals.
Gold prices continue to rise. As at 28 June, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were $5972 per ton, $1773.5 per ton, $258.5 per ton, trade situation changes, and the economies of the major economies increased at a lower rate. Global economic growth was likely to slow down, and imf again revised the global economic growth forecast downwards by 0.2 percentage points in 2019 and by 0.2 percentage points in the United States, compared to the last forecast. As China is the world’s largest consumer of metals, the economy increased at a lower rate of 0.2 percentage points.
Large, it supports copper prices; in the long run, the global trend of undersupply of refined copper is difficult to reverse, and the price of copper is expected to move in the long term. The business of the electrolytic aluminium industry has improved as a result of the fall in aluminium prices and aluminium oxide prices.
The progress in the construction of the mines and the gradual resumption of production of the mine that is no longer in production are likely to increase future supply pressures and lead and zinc prices are not promising. In 2019, the tin market was facing a drop in supply and demand, and tin prices in the second half of the year were not encouraging.
4 Precious metals: real interest rates go down, good money and silver. Global economic growth slows, the United States is likely to face spillover effects from the downside of the Chinese and European economies in the future, market hot spots and deep industries are being dug together, and the reversal in the return on US debt means that the US economy is not optimistic. In June 2019, the Fed maintained its current interest rates, but its attitude changed markedly.
In the long run, gold prices and real interest rates are showing negative and related trends, and they look good. In comparison with gold and silver, gold and silver are now better off than the industry’s top-notch companies.
Some 90 are above the historical average of 60, and the silver is undervalued. Change, however, is followed up and justified if stock changes are proposed.
For the next three months, we think that these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market, and we're going to build the current phase: The Purple Mine (601899).
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. cindasecuritiesco.ltd
Tons of copper production, 68.31 million tons of copper, an increase of 7.40 per cent in the same year, of which 24,86 million were mineral copper, an increase of 19.52 per cent in the same year. The increase in the company ' s copper mine was mainly due to the commissioning of the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper mine, which generated revenue of $8.82 billion, a 23 per cent increase in the same year, contributing $4,405 million in Maori.
The company achieved a net return of $4,094 million to its mother throughout the year, of which $741 million in four quarters, mainly as a result of four-quarter expenditure and an increase in asset impairments, which led to a decline in the performance ring.2 The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves of overseas mineral resources.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production.
3. The process of internationalization has accelerated, and overseas mineral resources have been abundant. In recent years, the company has devoted itself to the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 the company ' s overseas M&As have again made major breakthroughs, with the successful M&A acquisition of Serbia ' s rtbor Group and Canada ' s listed company, devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves increasing significantly. By the end of 2018, the reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,879.44 million tons of copper, and 2,24.44 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total,
The construction of the copper mine, which is the fourth largest in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production once it is completed. Ten thousand tons, 41.1% more than the previous year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7% more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6% more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron ore, which is essentially the same.
Forecast: According to the latest federal fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s dove policy. The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a gap in copper refining that is higher than expected and that supports copper prices; in the long run, the global trend of inadequate copper refining is difficult to reverse and looks forward to a long-term trend in copper prices.
\triangleright \triangleright \research: 20190326 (601899): Robust performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion. Futuresmarkets, journalfoliomanage, journalftrading, and other well-known European-American journals.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.