"Inheritance of excellent genes, head of the world, 23rd of 2024, Yellow Ribbon."
Research assistant Sun In-ho
Woo-tung provides us with the best model of a ship-to-shore business, which is the expected basis for domestic recovery, high growth through high-profit exports, high-scoring red and dividends. At a time when the market value of Woo-tung is at an all-time high, we think it's all the more appropriate to stand in the middle of a long-range debate.
From the point of view of the root causes of the pioneering growth, the present report addresses two questions: how can Woo-hung build a home-grown leader in a repeat cycle? How can Woo-hung achieve a world leader in the light of the current cycle?
• Last round: 2012-2016, Woo-tung consolidated the country’s flagship position with a new domestic energy bus dividend. Strategic dimensions, corporate management, through mbo holding companies, defined interest depths, “early deployment, ahead of schedule,” taking advantage of the school bus/new energy bus dividend, and the share of the middle- and middle-income customers.
A 16% growth rate and a 27% compound profit growth rate. In summary, the sky is first (school bus/new energy bus cycle), the earth is second best (the most “roll” in all bus businesses), the man is second best and the man is second best (a dynamic management) and has a strong industrial leader.
From the point of view of export sales, the current cycle begins in 2020, but the domestic epidemic has been straining performance, so the stability of the domestic matrix is a prerequisite for studying the logic of exports.
The net profit is +139%, depending mainly on the sales volume of large and medium-sized passenger exports +79%, the overseas income is equal to the Utopia bus (600066): q1 output data is higher than the 20% penetration rate of the source bus abroad.
The pattern is expected to stabilize the first element of the top-down logic of the cycle, with Woo-dong/Kinglong as the leader of the industry maintaining a total market share of over 50 per cent in 2010 and nearly 60 per cent in export markets.
China’s global market share of passenger cars has increased considerably on the basis of the weak growth of overseas vehicles. High growth is the central reason for the upward movement in the valuation of this Wheel Wooton, which, according to our calculations, accelerated the upward cycle of our passenger cars abroad from 2023 to 2027, with a performance and a red mark!
Cash flows are significantly better than profits and high dividends are expected to be sustainable.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: Woo-dong is a rare one with strong export attributes and a high growth/high score.
1.1. Strategic dimensions: how does Woo-tung capture the industry in the last cycle and grow fast?
There is a strong sense of subjectivity. Secondly, it is time-bound to see that companies seize opportunities in each of the bus industries, such as school bus research, which began in 2005, and the industry became “the king of the school bus” in 2012, and new energy cars, which began to be laid out in 2007 to capture the dividends of the 2015 renewal of urban bus concentration as a well-deserved new energy bus leader.
And we find that the cycle of each wheel of a bus is up “industry looking for companies” instead of “business looking for businesses.” And that's because the bus is tog-based business, and industry trends tend not to be driven by individuals. What companies can do as individuals is to see the direction of the industry early, to get it out early, and then to wait for the wind to come.
The central driving force for high growth and high dividends is that of management and shareholder interests.
In-house personnel headed by Yutsu Yuxiang, Director of the Woo-tung passenger car. In 1999, the major shareholder changed to Woo-tung Group, and since then the group’s holdings have increased from 17.19% in 2000 to 31.4% in 2007, Woo-tung’s management has been able to capture the shares of Woo-tung Group through mbo (100% of the shares of the two companies in Shanghai and Woo-tung by the end of 2003).
Changed to a social corporate unit. Since then, management and corporate interests have been deeply tied, and the company’s business strategy has been characterized by a strong emphasis on shareholder returns and high motivation.
Upgraded, pre-arranged for the next cycle. The faster the depreciation method, the less the depreciation pressure at a later stage. Companies use double-declining balances to account for depreciation. Depreciation of fixed assets will be higher at an early stage, leading to greater early profit pressure, but lower the depreciation is expected to be 2023.
Since then, companies will not be able to produce excess capital costs, and the depreciation pressure will be further reduced. The frequency of accidents in school buses is of high concern to the government.
The purchase of high safety-standard school buses will be subsidized by the government, contributing to the increase in sales of school buses. The forward-looking layout of school bus products creates a pre-emptive advantage for the industry.
The conflict between sexualized demand and inefficient production has not been resolved, leading to a modest start-up market for specialized buses. So, in order to pre-empt the market for specialized school buses, it was difficult to solve the problem of school bus accidents.
Figure 5: Specialized bus sales/one special bus market up in 2009-2015: Schoolbus Safety Regulations 2012 Emergence of special bus market: up to 2011
At the organizational level, the Woo-tung team of the New Energy Corps of the Woo-tung Chai has been organized through the three phases of the Project Group (2007) and the Professional Group (2011).
The new energy sources are based on hybrid power, plug-in, pure electric passenger vehicle development, and industrialization, based on a common industry approach.
Three years of policy to catalyse fermentation, 15 years of high volume of new energy passenger vehicles.
Good policies and subsidies continue to be introduced, and the idea of “new energy vehicles” is established in the market, and new energy buses continue to benefit from it. New energy buses are first introduced in demonstration cities, relying mainly on government procurement and high security.
Low-level technology R & D layouts that provide a pre-emptive advantage for technology stocks; precision-to-new energy policies that require a continuous expansion of the production matrix, accelerated upgrading, a surge in the volume of new energy buses that respond to industry needs in 2015, and new energy passenger traffic sales equal to +176 per cent.
1.1.4. Exports: Building on South America, moving to the world, with a future of export layout for more than 20 years, opening up the South American market first. The Woo-tung bus was the first passenger-car export in 2002 and took a substantial step in exploring overseas markets. It is important to take internationalization by taking the lead in opening up the South American market.
One step: Yu-Tung's overseas expansion began in Cuba, exporting 400 and 630 passenger vehicles to Cuba in April and September 2005, respectively, and successfully creating a “Cuban model”; the company then marched to Venezuela, signed a bus order and jointly built a plant with Venezuela; the current U-Tung operation extends to South American countries such as Peru and Chile.
1.2. Financial dimensions: Up-cycle validation of high performance performance
The profits have fallen the same time, and the other stages have increased the same time the net profits from quarterly returns. At the same time, Woo-tung has also invested a relatively large amount of capacity and has also achieved high performance on the basis of greater depreciation amortization pressure, reflecting the importance of beta for the bus industry and for leading firms.
1.2.1. The profit table: Income/profits rises and performance is high; seizes opportunities for rapid growth in the new energy market and fully benefits from the new energy sector ' s car swap policy.
Quarterly income fluctuates over the same period, but overall capacity to deliver is stronger. The quarterly income of companies fluctuates as a result of the government bidding rhythm, but the quarterly income of companies is higher than the quarterly income of the same season, except for special quarters, where the weekly period has a significant impact on sales and income ends, with the revenue end cycle ending in 2016, which is in line with the new energy subsidy from 2016.
The annual net profits of the company have increased at a rate of 4 billion yuan in 2016, nearly four times the net profits of the company in 2011, and the volume increases have had a significant scale effect on the company’s profits.
Lower prices of raw materials are also effectively hedged up the cost of depreciation. On a quarterly basis, quarterly profits are extremely high, with a positive increase in the average net return profit of the company in 2011-2016, except 2013q3. Except for 13 years, when a higher depreciation effect is due to the availability of new products, the profits of the company are recorded continuously at the same time, a lateral comparison of the stock market as a whole.
It is rare for companies to show very high performance performance performance in the upper cycle. The profit-end cycle also peaked in 2016, and the profit-end decline was more marked in 2017, reflecting the strong scale-effects of the bus industry.
The year-by-year rises. 2) After 2012, the year-by-year output input resulted in a significant increase in depreciation costs, which remained the same as the management cost, but the overall increase was smaller, reflecting the greater amplitude of the scale effect on the depreciation end. The raw materials were reduced by the scale effect, and the hedge cost rate was higher.
From about $5,000/tonne in mid-2011 to about $2,000/tt in mid-2016) and the effect of scale, projects such as collection of accounts have increased as a result of public transport tenders.
The cash flow of investment is much more influenced by the fixed asset input of the year, mainly in the form of cash spent on the distribution of dividends. How did the Chinese bus taps work?
As a result, the five-year bus cycle 2012-2016 captures each wave of opportunity (school bus dividend/new energy bus dividend) and has succeeded in raising its share. The review shows that in 2010-2017, 150 thousand-year-old central high-profile shocks were sustained, while Wootton’s sales were driven by a share.
The sub-use of the bus industry in 2010-2016 can be summarized as follows: seating buses down high, school buses/bus resonances, and the total amount of support maintained high. So whether or not to win this round depends on the ability to capture the dividends of the bus and bus. Figure 25: Middle and Middle passenger sub-uses/millions of vehicles, 2010-2017
Figure 26: Medium-sized passenger distribution structure 2010-2017 The breakdown of items shows that Woo-tung was able to raise his head in both of the incremental categories of the school/bus. The root causes of this are, as noted above, that companies are prepared for every round of industrial dividends before they arrive. For example, when the bus broke out in 2012, Woo-tung was 29%.
In 2015-2017, during the peak period of the new energy bus-to-car swap, companies increased their share to more than 25 per cent, with less protection of the heavily protected public transport market in the region and higher than the gold dragon.
In conclusion, it is inevitable that the company will become the leader of a Chinese bus on the last wheel, as reflected in the firm's precision and forward input to the dividends per wheel of the industry, and as reflected in the quality assurance of the three tables below the scale pressure.
The continued performance of handsome profits is underpinned by management's extremely subjective motivation to deal with the issue of “buses” at the same time as major shareholders.
Financial End: Three Tables of Quality is a collective improvement. In 2023, we witnessed Yu-Tung's quarterly profit realization at the bottom of the industry landscape, which eventually led to a higher-than-expected increase in profits throughout the year.
What do we think of this Wheel Woo-tung performance as exceeding expectations? 1) The high level of performance can be explained and predicted. The core driver of this bus dividend comes from exports.
High unit prices, high rates of growth, high profits, and a month-by-month export sales test that the company's final expected performance over the year 2023 is higher than we expected. We expect the fact of growth, while underestimating the stagnating rate of growth, which is embedded in the difference between the business model of a commercial car and that of a passenger vehicle, and the order-making model.
Price/profit patterns vary widely, making it more difficult for us to accurately predict company performance. So we think that commercial investments in cars are to be separated from passenger cars/part parts blocks in the investment paradigm, that is, as long as the climate is moving up the cycle, annual sales trends are not reversed and there is no need to worry prematurely about whether performance is at best.
While explaining the high profit growth of Woo-tung, we believe that it is also necessary to repeat the similarities and differences between the current cycle (after 2023) and the previous cycle (2011-2016), and we find that in 2023 the company displayed a striking pattern of low-cost spending, low capital spending, and that open-source savings simultaneously created high performance performance.
Analysis of Woo-tung ' s performance on three tables in 2023 found that the performance of Woo-tung at all dimensions was impressive, and concluded that the performance of Woo-tung in 2023 was high, high-quality and sustainable. Export sales increased and performance exceeded expectations. Companies achieved business income of $27 billion in 23 years, compared with 24.1 per cent.
The sales volume was 37,000, or +21%, of which the export volume was 10,000, or +79%, the overseas income was 10.4 billion yuan, or 86% more, the foreign income was 38% more, the export business accounted for a significant increase, and the domestic and foreign sales structure was better. 23q4 net profit returns continued the same growth trend, with a high export rate of Māori elasticity.
The net profit is now 1.8 billion yuan, or 133.4 per cent, of which 2023q4 yuan, or 770 million yuan, is the net profit of the mother, which is split by the same ring + 22 per cent/+32 per cent, while the high profit is based on a one-time large impairment of 450 million yuan, resulting in a stronger real profitability of the company, mainly due to a combination of declining prices of raw materials/a higher proportion of new energy exports/better quality orders.
The growth rate of the port is directly responsible for high profit growth, with a Māori export rate of 31.7 per cent, which is significantly higher than the domestic Māori rate of 23.0 per cent. The export of passenger vehicles is characterized by high growth, high unit prices, high profitability, high export sales to overperformance.
Interest rates are in the upward route, so, in addition to the contribution of a better sales structure to the Māori rate, the drop in the end-end price of raw materials in 2023/the decline in human efficiency contributed to higher profitability. Material as a percentage of the cost increased in 2023, but the cost of bicycle raw materials decreased from 2022.
(from 410,000 in 2022 to 390,000 in 2023) so the increase in raw materials as a proportion of the cost is due to a passive decline in labour costs/manufacturing costs, and the decrease in raw materials prices is effective in increasing public figures 38: Costs of raw materials for companies as a single vehicle/million yuan.
Figure 37: Value of raw materials and cost of raw materials + other costs of companies in previous years
Figure 40: Amount of labour costs as a proportion of operating costs: Figure 41: Number of company producers and per capita income generation
Cash flows performed well, with large dividends to shareholders. In 2023, corporate cash flows/free cash flows were taxed separately.
The company ' s cash flow in 2023 was significantly better than the cash flow of the company, which resulted from the company ' s accounting for higher asset/credit impairments on the one hand, and the company ' s clear optimization in the management of inventory and accounts receivable on the other. The inventory turnover/receivables turnover rate was +1.1 pct/2.2 pct, respectively, in 2023.
Optimization, largely due to the company’s rising share of overseas income, which was significantly short of the foreign account period, led to a decline in the net business cycle from 96 days in 2022 to 63 days in 2023. With the rising share of overseas income, further improvements in corporate accounts receivable management are expected, with room for optimization in the quality of the cash flow statement.
In 2023, the company intends to find gold shares for every single shareholder. Figure 50: The company's annual dividends (left axis, billions) and each share (right axis, 2.2. Stock price review: from sales to performance catalyst.
Annually, the expectation is that the market will recognize the high profitability of exports as a boost to performance, with industry exports increasing by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, Utun exports increasing by 77 per cent, the market recognizing for the first time the export-led cycle of the passenger-car industry, and in 2023, the company increased its share of land holdings from 1 per cent at the beginning of the year to nearly the end of the year.
The forecast and the 2023 report were expected to deepen the market's awareness of the high-profit attributes of the RV exports, build up a high-scoring strategy, open up market space again, and conclude that Woo-Tung's market value has evolved from export sales to performance performance. In addition, the company's domestic and foreign sales in the first quarter of 2024 were expected to be higher, with exports increasing at a faster rate than the previous year.
90% of passenger-car exports persist, increasing the market’s confidence in the rate of export growth throughout the year. 2.3. How is the world’s passenger-car tap made?
After more than two decades of wind and rain, the pattern has been extremely stable, and it has survived a difficult downward cycle (2017-2022), and after three years of baptism, the rest of the players have begun to embrace the new cycle of passenger cars driven by the current wheel exports.
The pattern is stable as the first element of the top-down logic of the cycle. Domestic sales are at the bottom of the assumption that the point of the round is up.
Su, we expect 38,000 bus sales in 2024, compared to 80 per cent in the same year.) In 2023, passenger passenger passenger cars benefited from a strong recovery in tourism + 87 per cent in the same year, but there is still a gap between the 37,000 sales in 2019 before the outbreak, and we observed that the 2024 tourism recovery is still under way, with seating guests.
Car recovery has maintained confidence, with 34,000 passenger passenger cars expected to be sold in 2024, a year-on-year + 20%. Export of high ceilings and high profitability is the most powerful engine for the upwards of the turning point of the current cycle. 1) On the spatial front, domestic sales peaked in 2016 (170,000 vehicles/year, and it is now difficult to return to the peak level at that time);
The export market corresponds to nearly 300,000 overseas markets (pre-epidemiological levels), with only about 10 per cent of the country ' s passenger vehicles abroad in 2023, and still has very high room for upgrading. (2) At the level of new energy penetration, the new energy generation of overseas passenger vehicles is just beginning (less than 20 per cent).
New energy passenger cars have a steeper slope, driven by strong policies, but with the economic advantage of the new energy buses themselves (which, according to our estimates of the price differentials in oil and electricity in different regions, are no longer economic in most countries) the increase in the new energy penetration rate is more certain.
3. In terms of profitability, the high profitability of passenger vehicles was first proven at Woo-tung ' s performance, while the Golden Dragon ' s performance in 2023 forecasted that the Golden Dragon ' s performance for the entire year 2023 had been reversed, that the current passenger vehicle dividend had been transferred from sales to industry, and that the overseas traditional passenger-car business was becoming weak.
For example, in 2021-2022, there were both losses (reference ebit rates) and significant declines in capital spending after 2020; (b) the development of new energy passenger vehicles is late starting and poorly based, compared to the lack of sufficient experience in operating new energy buses in our passenger-car enterprises and the weakness of the three-power chain of industries overseas.
In the medium-to-long-term outlook, China’s exports of passenger vehicles are expected to reach 70,000 in 2027, and Woo-tung exports are expected to reach 30,000. We estimate that China’s effective overseas passenger-car markets were close to 150,000 in 2024 (excluding the United States/Canada/Japan/India), and that China’s total passenger-car exports in 2027 are expected to be abrupt as the overseas markets expand slowly and Chinese passenger-car penetration progresses.
70 thousand, including 30,000 new energy exports. Woo-tung has a strong competitive advantage, with overseas channels/brands/products superior to domestic passenger-car companies, with three power/response/price advantages for new energy passenger vehicles and a wide export coverage for the passenger-car industry.
There are less geopolitical risks involved. In 2023, Utun exported oil tankers/new energy cities accounted for 31 per cent/15 per cent of the total, and the core export channels for oil and passenger vehicle exports, with a peak concentration, were expected to reach 2.3/08,000 tankers/new energy sources in 2027, with a total export volume of 30,000.
Recapitulation historical valuation: Values revalued, the hub for valuation of the current round of export cycles raised the initial market for new energy sources gave higher valuation premiums on a fundamental basis. For valuation: the hub for the school cycle was maintained at 15 xpe (ttm), and the peak of the valuation took place at the beginning of the new energy cycle (end 2015, 20 xpe (ttm).
In summary, the company valuation hub in the previous cycle was located at 15 xpe(ttm), with a peak of 20 xpe(ttm). Equity prices were significantly more sensitive to performance, first made up the value increase at the beginning of the cycle, reaction to the mid- and late-stage payup of the eps, and the valuation hub was located at 30xpe(ttm) because: 1) there was no fixed asset expenditure in the round and there was a depreciation pressure
Small, with greater profit elasticity; 2) the value of high dividends is further recognized and the market gives a higher value premium; 3) passenger cars export more rationally and more market-oriented, while exporting buses are more profitable and have a new energy seepage logic for overseas passenger vehicles. Pe (ttm) rises again after 2024, because the market more clearly recognizes the wheel.
The impact of the export cycle on profit elasticity, a new round of revaluation of values, which we believe should be 20 times more and above, is expected to be achieved in the lead-time performance of the passenger-car industry. In summary, at this point in time, we are looking at the company.
The domestic impact + the domestic and foreign resonance of high export ups and downs, with both sales/revenues/profits having the opportunity to return to historical highs. 1) Domestic: the volume/revenue dimension of sales is consistent with the resilience of public transport recovery and post-influenza tourism recovery, with projected faster export growth projected; the income dimension benefits from high export growth and high unit-cost revenue for new passenger cars
More than half: At the profit level, given the high pattern of passenger vehicles abroad, the large market, and the high-profit new energy sources, we emphasize the high ceilings and the strong continuity of the current cycle of passenger vehicle exports. The pattern of buses abroad is good, and we believe that there is no chance of profit from price wars, and that the vast amount of overseas space that this bus has is worthy of our attention.
They expect more than 150,000 buses to reach the market (excluding the United States/Canada/Japan/India), with only 20 per cent being exported by industry, 50 per cent of all stations in the medium and long term, and more than 70,000 vehicles exported by industry, including new energy buses or half of the total, by which time Chinese buses will become truly global bus dragons.
We've chosen to weigh Kalonhead wood power/China heavy steam and new energy car taps, but we think that horizontally compared the car plate with the fastest-growing exits, higher ceilings, new energy, and the strongest trend towards sourcerization, and high-scoring red markers, with high growth and high dividend properties, with higher valuations.
The domestic recovery is not as strong as expected. The commercial landscape is closely linked to the domestic economy’s economic development, which is less likely to affect overall demand if the domestic economy recovers.
In many places, such as CIS/Latin America/South-East Asia/EU, commercial vehicle exports can affect domestic exports by affecting the demand for motor vehicles in overseas markets.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.