Net profits grew by 139% in 2023, export volumes opened up a new boom cycle, cars and commercial cars, domestic repairs, high export growth, corporate net profits increased by 139% in 2023, and Uttar Pradesh became real in 2023.
With a reduction of $330 million, the cost of the nine impairments would be $2.27 billion for the mother; the average price increase in 2023, the increase in the Māori rate plus the optimization of the cost end, and the four-quarter increase in profitability relative to the ring. 2023 The impact of factors such as the optimization of the sales structure and supply chain drops; and sales/management/research and development/financial fees in 2023
Looking forward to 2024, the cycle and growth resonance will continue, and Utun’s performance is expected to continue to be released. At the end of the industry: 1 domestic recovery: annual passenger vehicle demand is expected to continue to repair in 2024; 2 export emissions: around 240,000 vehicles (about 270,000 pre-disease stable) sold overseas in 23 years, with less than 10% penetration of new energy sources.
High domestic upscaling space and multinational overseas designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootong terminal: Wootong bus (600066.sh) - domestic rehabilitation, high export growth and cost optimization, 20231 export market Wootung building innovative models of “technology plus services exports” to capture new energy development windows overseas
" Woo-tong bus (600066.sh) - cash flow and export performance excellent, three-quarter net profit sustained, upgraded position from "manufacturing + marketing product" to "manufacturing service + solution" , "Woo-tong bus (600066.sh) - 2-quarter profit-making capacity increased by the same ring.
Competitiveness continues to rise, with overseas deployment gradually expanding from Asia, Latin America, Africa and other regions, including Europe, to industrially advanced regions, driving industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, and is expected to benefit fully from the new overseas talent, the roving economy (600066.sh) - two-quarter gains, and the net profit continues to rise upwards.
Source expansion; 2 domestic market Wootong improves Māori in risk management + preferred markets, and is expected to generate profits domestically from the company ' s bus (600066.sh) - Analysis of the value of the current node core investment - Investment proposal: Global Grand Centrale, maintain the "buy-in" rating. Considering the continued release of overseas orders,
(a) The profit of $1.82 billion (with an asset impairment of $560 million, of which $950 million is impaired; credit impairment of $330 million) and the net profit of $2.27 billion is attributable to the net profit of the mother if nine impairments are added;
Figure 4: Yearly net profit and increase in the rate of single-season bus return to the mother (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Yearly sales of medium-sized passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Annual sales of medium-sized passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles)
The company's 2304 bikes account for $790,000 and the ring + 866 million, mainly due to an increase in the share of new energy and exports; the profits of the 2304-woo passenger buses are $749,000 (521,000 for $521,000 and $559 million for $22.04 million) and the non-profits of the car are $6.16 million (40.1 million for 23.3 million).
In the context of the “one-way” environment, Woo-tung's overseas market is moving well and is expected to make a sustained contribution. Overseas operations are expanding continuously, and the technology-plus service export model is moving well. By the first half of 2023, companies had accumulated more than 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types and products were sold to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Angola, and Chile.
Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, and other major countries and areas of global bus demand. In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers.
The company has cumulatively exported more than 3,700 new energy passenger vehicles, generating bulk sales and good operations in more than 30 countries or regions abroad, such as Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc.
In 2022, the largest electric vehicle station in the world was inaugurated in Lussel, and authorized to manage maintenance services, and was installed through an internationalized transport team, responsible for the pdi inspection of electric vehicles, daily maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc.
Co-operation in localization of kd assembly in more than a dozen countries and territories, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, and Malaysia, leading to an innovative business model from product exports to “technology exports.” Figure 14: Increased share of overseas sales of UTAs (billion yuan)
In March, Woo-tung exported 250 pure electric buses from Greece, and overseas markets continued to deepen. In the background of the “one-way” landscape, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions, demand for the bus industry is expected to grow steadily, while new energy buses are recognized by society.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly due to environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and advances in new energy vehicle technology, and increasing economic viability: in March 24, Utun exported 250 pure electric buses to Greece have arrived in the capital cities of Athens and Thessaloniki.
Nicky, will be operational in two major cities by the end of April. 250 pure electric orders are the first large-scale purchase of new energy buses in Greece, while also refreshing Woo-tung's list of the largest new energy buses in the European market.
S indicated that the average age of Greek buses was higher than in other European countries, that the delivery of vehicles would improve the many problems caused by ageing convoys, and that new electric convoys would build sustainable urban public transport.
The energy bus travels to Chile, the country of the world, once again linking countries on both ends of the globe, to strengthen Chile's transformation of public transport. As an international mainstream bus provider, it has long been a cooperative link, and has been working closely with Chile, actively participating in and witnessing the Chilean market.
China’s practical cooperation with Chile continues to grow. The order updates the record of Woo-Tung’s new bus order, which delivers the largest single volume of energy in the Chilean and Latin American markets, and will be launched in the capital city, San José, at the end of February, in the field of public transport in order to solve the problem of long-distance commuting between the capital city’s main city and the surrounding towns.
In early November, Woo-tung again delivered 263 Zk6138h long-distance passenger transport vehicles to the Saudi Transport Development Agency (SATDA) tga, which now accounts for more than two-thirds of the vehicles in tga.
In addition, the new city of the Red Sea, known as the “new Saudi city”, has chosen Woo-tung the same way to introduce the first new energy buses. Woo-tung has contributed Chinese power to the sustainable development of the Red Sea, and has witnessed a “swipe of the road.”
In early October, 126 Woo-tung new sources of energy were delivered to Denmark, and now these pure electric buses are being put into operation in the capital cities of Copenhagen, Heining, Roskilde, Odense and other central cities.
The delivery of the car will reach 500 electric buses in the Danish market, making it one of the largest suppliers of new energy buses in the country, and thus one of the largest holdings in Europe. With high reliability, low failure rates, low energy consumption, and good ratings from Danish clients.
After more than two years of operation in the Danish market, vehicles have been fully proven in all their aspects, and Woo-tung has gradually established his foothold in the Danish market and achieved an important breakthrough from zero to one, showing the resilience and extraordinary charm of “China-made” cars. To date, Woo-tung has become the first purest in Denmark with more than 50% of pure electric passenger vehicles.
On 4 July, a ceremony was held to mark the launch of the Chinese passenger vehicle of Kazakhstan. The recitation bus was once again imported into Kazakhstan, with a total of 224 buses; the first 50 buses were brought online, of which 20 were 18 metres pure electric passenger vehicles, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicle in Kazakhstan so far.
An electric passenger vehicle can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main rail feeder, which will continue its voyage up to 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for green and sustainable development in the capital of Kazakhstan and providing a demonstration-led effect in building a green “one-way” road together.
▪ At the beginning of April, according to the Bus Information Network, following the successive deliveries of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, 150 first single buses from Kazakhstan arrived in the Karakanda region of the country and will be used in the country ' s public system when the qaztehna factory is offline.
▪ On 16 February, Yu-Tung announced that Saudi Arabia had ordered 550 buses, of which 300 medium- and high-end buses c13pro (zk6138h) had been delivered to the Saudi Garden City of Riyadh, with the remaining 250 to be delivered in April/May. The 300 high-end road buses delivered will be shipped to profit.
Yadd’s long-range public passenger route. After 17 years of deep farming of the local market by Yu-Tong bus in 2006, the country’s branding and marketing reputation became the country’s first delivery of 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan on 2 March.
The order is 300 pure electric power and 500 cng natural gas, which are expected to be paid back inland every year. Woo-tung, based on the core technology of the "3-power" technology, offers a customised product solution for Uzbekistan.
Establishment of a long-established local post-sales service professional team, regular training of client drivers, occasional on-line follow-up, and local storage of nearly $130,000 in spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles, while Uzbekistan, which introduced a large number of new energy buses for the first time, will make public transportation possible with the help of Utun
Electricization, low-carbon transformation. In 2019, Yutun Mexico acquired Yutong from the Mexico City Electric Transport Service for electric public transport.
100 12-metre dual-source non-tradable public transports 10,000; strategic cooperation between the two sides has been ongoing for many years; to date, electric transport in Mexico City Mexico
The vehicle, which is expected to be officially launched in November 2022, has a total of 301 Yutong new energy vehicles, which account for 30.6 million passengers per year at the Mexico City Electric Transport Services Camp.
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8 per cent; in September 22, Mexico City, Mexico City, the first high-speed bus line was officially operational, and the circuits were made by Utopia. Looking ahead, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions, etc.
This will take place on schedule, and it is expected that there will be a sustained recovery in demand in the passenger-car industry, while the demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as the recognition of the new energy passenger-car community increases, as environmental protection requirements, international image-raising and advances in new energy vehicle technology, and economics, among other things.