A global hub with growth and dividends, a quarter of double profit, a car, a commercial car, a cost-side that optimizes continued profitability, cash flows are impressive.
The net interest rate of the company is 9.9 per cent for the parent ratio + 6.6 pct, the ring ratio + 0.5 pct, and the profitability of the company continues to increase; 856,000 yuan for the 2401 car base, the ring ratio + 66,000 yuan, the corresponding ratio + 50 million yuan, is expected to be mainly high-end strategic advances; 85,000 yuan ($2.71 million and 2304) for the parent ' s net profit for the 2401 vehicle.
Overall, the company's performance is expected to continue to materialize as a result of the decline in costs, the release of scale effects and the evolution of medium- and high-level strategies, the increase in corporate profitability, the subsequent build-up of export sales and domestic rehabilitation.
In the medium-to-long term, the cycle and growth are still on track, and Woo-tung’s performance is expected to continue to release. At the end of the industry: one country recovers: domestic passenger vehicle demand is expected to continue to recover in 2024; two export emissions: about 240,000 vehicles (about 270,000 pre-influenza stable) sold abroad in 23 years, with less than 10% penetration of new energy sources, compared to the country of comparison.
High interior upscaling space and multinational overseas designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootong terminal: 1 Utseng bus (600066.sh) increased by 139 per cent from year to year in 2023, and export markets built innovative models of “technology plus services exports” to capture new energy development windows overseas
Utunbus (600066.sh) - domestic repairs, high export growth and cost optimization, sustained breakthrough 2023, upgraded position from “manufacturing + marketing product” to “manufacturing service + solution”, Utunbus (60006.sh) - excellent cash flow and export performance, three-quarter net profit
Competitiveness continues to rise, with overseas deployments gradually expanding from Asia, Latin America, Africa and other regions, including Europe, to more industrially developed regions, promoting industrial value chains to medium- and high-end levels, with the prospect of fully benefiting from the new overseas talent, the U.S. Express (600066.sh) - second-quarter profit-making ratio.
Source expansion; 2 domestic market Wootong improved Māori in risk management + preferred markets, and expected profits in the company.
In view of the continued release of overseas orders and the warming of the domestic market, it is expected that Woo-Tung as a whole will sell 7731 buses, i.e. 74.2 per cent of the year, 25 per cent of the year, 5141 of the year, i.e. + 66 per cent of the year, and 2590 of the year, i.e. +92 per cent of the year. Of this total, 6967 buses, i.e., +101.2 per cent of the year, and 23 per cent of the year, the number of cars sold.
Improved sales structure, 4595 large passenger vehicles sold + 118.8 per cent, 2,372 medium passenger vehicles sold + 74 per cent, 764 light passenger vehicles sold + 21.7 per cent, and figure 1: Business income and speed of the Wootwright (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Revenue from and increase in single-season passenger vehicles (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit and increase in the return of UT buses (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in the return of UT buses during single-season period (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Annual sales of medium-sized and medium-sized passenger vehicles (in units: one) Figure 6: Annual sales of large and medium passenger vehicles (in units: one) have been very effective and cost-effective.
Cash flows performed well, resulting in net cash flows of 3.3 billion dollars (24q1 to the mother's net profit of 660 million yuan); Net interest rate of 24q1 to the mother, 9.9 per cent, same-year +6.6 pt, ring + 0.5 pt, increasing profitability.
10,000 yuan, 2304,000 yuan). Overall, with the decline in costs, the release of scale effects, and the slight evolution of medium- and high-level battles, corporate profitability has increased, followed by a build-up of export sales and domestic repairs, corporate performance is expected to be “one way and one way or the other” and Yutong overseas markets are on track and expected to make a sustained contribution.
Overseas operations continued to expand, and the technology-plus-services export model progressed well. By the first half of 2023, companies had accumulated over 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types and their products were exported to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, the United Republic of Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America.
In major markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the area of new energy buses, companies have cumulatively exported more than 3,700 new energy buses, generating bulk sales in more than 30 countries or regions overseas.
Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc.
Incorporated and authorized to manage maintenance services through an internationalization support team, which is responsible for pdi inspection, routine maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, long-range support, etc., throughout the life cycle of vehicles. Through more than 10 countries and territories, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, etc.
The assembly approach involves localization of the innovative business model from product output to “technology output.” Figure 13: Saudily run new energy passenger vehicles, Figure 14: Overseas sales of UTAs upscaling (billions of yuan)
In March, Woo-tung exported 250 pure electric buses from Greece, and overseas markets continued to deepen. In the background of the “one-way” landscape, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions, demand for the bus industry is expected to grow steadily, while new energy buses are recognized by society.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly due to environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and advances in new energy vehicle technology, and increasing economic viability: in March 24, Utun exported 250 pure electric buses to Greece have arrived in the capital cities of Athens and Thessaloniki.
Nicky, will be operational in two major cities by the end of April. 250 pure electric orders are the first large-scale purchase of new energy buses in Greece, while also refreshing Woo-tung's list of the largest new energy buses in the European market.
S indicated that the average age of Greek buses was higher than in other European countries, that the delivery of vehicles would improve the many problems caused by ageing convoys, and that new electric convoys would build sustainable urban public transport.
The energy bus travels to Chile, the country of the world, once again linking countries on both ends of the globe, to strengthen Chile's transformation of public transport. As an international mainstream bus provider, it has long been a cooperative link, and has been working closely with Chile, actively participating in and witnessing the Chilean market.
China’s practical cooperation with Chile continues to grow. The order updates the record of Woo-Tung’s new bus order, which delivers the largest single volume of energy in the Chilean and Latin American markets, and will be launched in the capital city, San José, at the end of February, in the field of public transport in order to solve the problem of long-distance commuting between the capital city’s main city and the surrounding towns.
In early November, Woo-tung again delivered 263 Zk6138h long-distance passenger transport vehicles to the Saudi Transport Development Agency (SATDA) tga, which now accounts for more than two-thirds of the vehicles in tga.
In addition, the new city of the Red Sea, known as the “new Saudi city”, has chosen Woo-tung the same way to introduce the first new energy buses. Woo-tung has contributed Chinese power to the sustainable development of the Red Sea, and has witnessed a “swipe of the road.”
In early October, 126 Yutong new energy sources were delivered to Denmark, and now these pure electric buses are being put into operation in the central urban backbones of Copenhagen, Heining, Roskilde, Odense and others.
The delivery of the car will reach 500 electric buses in the Danish market, making it one of the largest suppliers of new energy buses in the country, and thus one of the largest holdings in Europe. With high reliability, low failure rates, low energy consumption, and good ratings from Danish clients.
After more than two years of operation in the Danish market, vehicles have been fully proven in all their aspects, and Woo-tung has gradually established his foothold in the Danish market and achieved an important breakthrough from zero to one, showing the resilience and extraordinary charm of “China-made” cars. To date, Woo-tung has become the first purest in Denmark with more than 50% of pure electric passenger vehicles.
On 4 July, a ceremony was held to mark the launch of the Chinese passenger vehicle of Kazakhstan. The recitation bus was once again imported into Kazakhstan, with a total of 224 buses; the first 50 buses were brought online, of which 20 were 18 metres pure electric passenger vehicles, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicle in Kazakhstan so far.
An electric passenger vehicle can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main rail feeder, which will continue its voyage up to 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for green and sustainable development in the capital of Kazakhstan and providing a demonstration-led effect in building a green “one-way” road together.
▪ At the beginning of April, according to the Bus Information Network, following the successive deliveries of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, 150 first single buses from Kazakhstan arrived in the Karakanda region of the country and will be used in the country ' s public system when the qaztehna factory is offline.
▪ On 16 February, Yu-Tung announced that Saudi Arabia had ordered 550 buses, of which 300 medium- and high-end buses c13pro (zk6138h) had been delivered to the Saudi Garden City of Riyadh, with the remaining 250 to be delivered dry for the month of April/May. 300 medium- and high-end road buses have been delivered for profit.
Yadd’s long-range public passenger route. 17 years after the first entry into the Saudi market in 2006, the Yutong bus has been plowing into the local market, creating an excellent Chinese brand image and market slogan, which became the country’s first delivery, on 2 March, when Yutong announced that 800 bus orders ordered by Uzbekistan had been ordered.
The order is 300 pure electric power and 500 cng natural gas, which are expected to be paid back inland every year. Woo-tung, based on the core technology of the "3-power" technology, offers a customised product solution for Uzbekistan.
Establishment of a long-established local post-sales service professional team, regular training of client drivers, occasional on-line follow-up, and local storage of nearly $130,000 in spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles, while Uzbekistan, which introduced a large number of new energy buses for the first time, will make public transportation possible with the help of Utun
Woo-tung, the “first-choice” brand of Kazakhstan’s new energy bus, became the country’s largest new energy provider, with more than 70% of the new energy product, receiving 224 buses in bulk. The pure electric bus would allow the main backbone of the capital to be assembled in the main.
In July 2023, Kazakhstan entered 224, with the first 50 on the line, 20 of which were 18 major passenger vehicles, the country’s top, smartest and most energy-efficient new energy passenger vehicles. The consignment will provide an important driver for green and sustainable development in Kazakhstan’s capital, building green together.
Woo-tung has accumulated over 4,300 large and medium buses in Kazakhstan. This represents 50% of China's total exports.
In Kazakhstan, the first 150 single buses arrived and the products served a segmented market of local passenger, bus, school bus, medical, tourist, group, etc., the largest Chinese passenger vehicle brand in the local market of large and medium passenger buses at qaztehna, in the state of Karaganda.
Once the plant is offline, it will be put into the country's public system, where partners will jointly prepare the qaztehna plant, which will produce 1,200 bus buses and 500 engineering machines, and will independently complete a complete set of chassis, welding, coating, loading, testing, etc. to achieve passenger vehicles, mine vehicles, and so on.
The order contains 800 items, including Utsun's capital Tashkent, which is hot, dry, and dusty, demanding very high requirements for new energy vehicles. The Utunji bus, Weiwei (zk6126bevg), 300, is used in the core “tri-electric” technology to provide customized product solutions.
800 gas trucks (zk6116hg, cold system, battery module crash protection system, battery nitrogen protection system, etc.) in Uzbekistan in March 2023 and 500 equipped with electric sands, zk6126hg, which resulted in reduced failure of Chinese protective structures, electron condensation structures, etc., while ensuring cooling effects with strong power air conditioning
Utun entered the Saudi market in 2006 and has for many years continued to follow the “high-end” “internationalized” product route, creating brand values and technical barriers through high-end vehicles to provide better transport to the country’s special climate environment.
The services and products of Saudi Arabia’s 550 bus orders, camp scenes, and 15 direct-service teams were set up to perform one-stop nanny service for clients, 300 of which were Utun’s medium-to-high-end road buses.
The high-end road passenger vehicle delivered to Saudi Arabia has been handed over to Saudi Arabia in February 2023 in response to the local heat of 550c13pro (zk6138h).
With 42,000 kcal special garden city-Riyadh, the remaining 250 will be air-conditioned and innovatively used anmt arctic boxes to match large motors, small speed ratios, plus a large baggage cabin space to achieve for the first time the technology of laying 600l oil tanks in front of the front wheel without taking up the large baggage cabin space.
Change, coupled with the use of a unique second-generation heat management technology to improve the comfort and economy of the entire vehicle. In 2009, Woo-Tong entered the Ethiopian market for the first time, in addition to providing high-quality products and uniforms for Ethiopia.
110 Preparations for and research into the development of a purely electric bus in the capital city of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and plans to upgrade the local auto industry to a large level in Meskel Square, with substantial technical and human resource training support to meet growing public transport developments and vehicles in Ethiopia.
On November 30, 2020, with the leading new energy technologies and products, the Utopia passenger vehicle contracted 1002 vehicles with the Qatar National Transport Company via the skyline, and in December 20, 741 competitions were officially exported by car.
To complete the 888 Utun pure electric passenger cars on top of the world’s football scene, and to reap the praise of the world fans. Qatar’s single 60 Wooming 7s, the chairman of the World Busworld Academic Council, Janrichardkdeman, highly rated.
The upgrading of urban public transport prior to the race highlighted the performance of the Woo-tung pure electric bus in the event and, on behalf of Busworld, honoured the bus as a “new energy green van.” Woo-tung also signed a framework agreement with the Qatar side for the construction of a free zone in Qatar.
The Utunyes technology and the pure electric new car were released, and now Wootong high-end pure electric road bust13e is once again “lighting” Chile, once again receiving the unanimous approval of Chilean traffic: the Director of Yutong high-end pure electricity, and so on, in Chile in 2005. For 17 years, Wootong has provided Chile with more than one shot.
In 2012, Chile's national football team chose the Woo-tung bus as a special bus for the country's team;
In 2019, Yutun Mexico and the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEXCO) re-mining the Mexico City Electric Transport Service for electric public transport. In March 2019, the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEXCO) purchased Wootong.
Ten thousand; strategic cooperation between the two sides has continued over the years; so far, the Mexico City electric transport vehicle, which is expected to be officially launched in November 2022, has a total of 301 new Utun energy vehicles and Utun vehicles account for electric transport services in Mexico City
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8%: September 22, Mexico City, Mexico City, the first high-speed bus line to be officially piloted, and the circuits used by the trams were made by Utunbuses. Looking ahead, with the recovery of the global economy and the improvement of the demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions, etc.
This will take place on schedule, and it is expected that there will be a sustained recovery in demand in the passenger-car industry, while the demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as the recognition of the new energy passenger-car community increases, as environmental protection requirements, international image-raising and advances in new energy vehicle technology, and economics, among other things.