Great Wall Car (601633): Vision, 22 December 2020, New Platform Opening Up
The Wall's main view is that the Wall is a domestic suv and a Picard, and that the main vehicle model always maintains a dominant position in the segmented market, which is an important support for the company's sales. The brand-new lemon, tank manufacturing platform and curry.
The Great Wall is China's largest suv manufacturing enterprise and a national morphine-smart technology platform that supports the company's new car cycle. In the car cycle, I, Picah's leader, owns Haf, Wall, Wey.
They look at the competitiveness of products brought about by the new platform of companies and the upward structure of products under the new car cycle, as well as the four brands of Eura. The company's operations are car-based and market-based, including parts and components, financial services, etc.
Modularized vehicle manufacturing platforms can be effective in bringing down efficiency gains and improving the competitiveness of car firms. Modularized production has a high degree of outreach, the same platform can produce multiple body sizes and multi-car models, and the manufacturing of major events over the next three to six months:
In January 2021, the company’s vehicle sales for 2020 were announced, and now many of the world’s auto giants have developed modularized vehicle manufacturing structures.
In February 2021, a fast-track performance report is expected for 2020. The Great Wall vehicle has launched two full-car manufacturing platforms, Lemon and Tank, tailored to different market needs, to provide the technological basis for effective entry into the various segmented markets.
52-week share space suv, sedan and mpv, with a focus on light quantification and security; the “tank” platform's vehicle type covers suv and pickups from b to d+, with a focus on off-road properties.
The New Technologies platform supports the company's new car cycle. Based on the new platform, the company's new vehicle cycle has the characteristics of a “brand, market-based, power-driven” and has now introduced a multiplicity of branded new vehicles, total equity/releasea shares (million shares)
The company is also expected to introduce more than 10 new and existing models in 2021, with continued strong circulation b/h units (millions) as the first new energy vehicle based on the Lemon platform, with a higher market recognition for cats in Eurasia.
With pure modular design, Euratom's power and storage capacity have increased. Cats use the "small-car smartness" route, with higher value for money: they have a relatively higher level of intelligence compared to competitions with similar pricing; they sell relatively more than cars with similar intelligent configurations.
Low. According to the official C.O.V.A.A. (2020.12.14), O.C. has over 10,000 cat orders and high end demand.
1. Vision for industrial change, new platforms contributing to increased competitiveness, 1.1 New technology platforms matching different market demands
The company is in the first tier in the area of auto ownership, and we believe that its product development will respond in a timely manner to changes in the market, and that a competition has been made to launch two full-car manufacturing platforms (“Lemons” and “tanks”) and smart technology platforms (“coffee intelligence”) that, if successfully followed, will help companies to improve their overall R & D management capacity and iterative efficiency and further enhance market competitiveness.
Modularized vehicle manufacturing platforms can be effective in achieving efficiency gains and improving the competitiveness of car firms. Modularized production is more extensive, with the same platform producing multiple body sizes and multi-car models, and manufactured models can achieve most of the parts and components common, both improving production efficiency and reducing production costs. Many global auto giants are now developing modularized vehicle manufacturing structures, such as the Tnga platform of Toyota and the general public.
The two full-car manufacturing platforms match different market demands, laying the technological foundation for effective entry into the various segmented markets. The "Lemon" platform's car content covers sub-, sedan and mpv. It focuses on light-quantifiable and safety: the "tank" platform's pattern covers suv and skin from levels b to d+.
Cars, with an emphasis on off-road properties. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, smart networking is a trend in the automobile industry, and the "Café Smart" platform is a key link in the transformation of the Wall into a digital car company. New Energy.
The overall idea of the Source Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) is to insist on electricization, networking, and intelligence to guide the industry. Building a user’s life-cycle service ecology and a positive digital transformation are important links in building competitiveness at this stage. The company’s “coffee intelligence” platform, which covers smart cabins, smart driving and smart electronics, will be mounted on the whole long-city brand and series of cars.
Figure 2: The main technology of the Coffee Smart platform 1.2 as the first new energy vehicle to be built by the Lemon platform, the market recognition of Eurasia Cats is high, the location of Small Cars is smart, and the Eurasia Cats are competitive.
The market, with a price range of $10-15 million. Euratoms use pure modular design, with increased power and storage capacity. Euratoms have a relatively higher level of intelligence compared to similar pricing competitions, and the five-point configurations available allow for full-carota and are more comprehensive in terms of the main passive safety equipment and auxiliary driver support configurations; and Euratom sales are relatively low compared to the pattern of vehicles with similar intelligent configurations.
The Euratom 2020.12.14, now with over 10,000 orders and strong end demand. Figure 3: Euratom appearance.
The Great Wall Car (601633) is looking forward, the new platform is opening up, and the O'La Cat help Ola brand is up, reflecting the branding and product positioning of the Wall's cars in the new energy auto industry.
Ora's brand is a pure electric car under the Great Wall's flag, selling 12,000 vehicles in November, an increase of 415% in the same year, and a 45% increase in the ring. Ora's black cat, a hot market model for a 00-grade pure electricity market, has successfully opened up its visibility for the Ora brand. In July 2020, the Ora brand adopted a new brand name, the Cat Series conforms to its product location and reflects the idea of a branding that is completely innovative.
Most of the previous models were in the a00-class car, and this time the Ora-good cat, based on the Lemon module platform and the Coffee Smart Car Control System, was more competitive in the a0-level pure electricity market, which will be an important link in the upwards of the Ora brand. Figure 5: Monthly sales since the Eura brand was listed (in units: one).
2. The recovery of the car market, with a new platform to launch the company ' s new car cycle, 2.1 the domestic demand for the car market continues to warm.
With macroeconomic stability and demand-for-purchase convergence, we expect a sustained recovery in China’s car market, driven by car consumption stimulus. Figure 6: Domestic car sales by year and forecast macroeconomic stability, with the epidemic waning.
In the context of stocks, demand for swaps has become an important driver of growth in vehicle sales. By the third quarter of 2020, our vehicle holdings had reached 275 million and the overall rate of growth has slowed.
According to the Chinese Automobile Circulation Association’s distribution of used cars, second-hand cars traded the most in the three-to-six-year age group, followed by second-hand cars within the three-year range. In 2021, new cars were sold mainly in the 2015-2018 purchase cycle, of which 2016 and 2017 were the peaks in domestic passenger vehicle sales, generating a large demand for replacements.
Figure 7: China ' s car holdings and speed of growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Wall car (601633): high-sighted, new platform opening up.
2.2 Three new technology platforms provide support for the company’s new car cycle. Based on the new platform, the Great Wall vehicle 2020h2 has issued five new or upgraded vehicles. With the support of the new platform, the company’s car style has accelerated, and the company is expected to launch more than ten new and existing models in 2021.
In the light of recent sales disclosure, we expect companies to have a higher probability of increasing their sales in 2020 on a par. The company sold 145,240 new vehicles in November, a 26 per cent increase compared to the previous month, and 961,489 in January-November. The covid-19 outbreak had a greater impact on the company’s vehicle sales in the first half of 2020.
After that, as the epidemic was controlled and the company entered the new product cycle, its sales recovered rapidly. 1.1 million, 1.37 million and 1.57 million vehicles were sold each year.
2.3 With a wide distribution of capacity, the company has actively promoted the production of capacity to match the later product plans. The Great Wall automobiles have accelerated their production capacity in recent years, effectively reducing logistics costs and localizing their operations by radiating the regions of North, South, West, and Central through factories.
Line, the Jiangsutai State factory, which was completed in November 2020, has been offline to help the Great Wall car accelerate the opening of a new energy vehicle market. As factories release their capacity and the corporate product matrix continues to expand, rising capacity utilization will lead to higher corporate profitability.
Fig. 12: The Great Wall's auto factory production line, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Wall's car (601633): high-sighted, new platform opening up the sky.
In the light of the preceding analysis, we believe that the company's main vehicle model, which maintains a dominant position in the segmented market and has a strong brand appeal and product power, is an important support for the company's sales volume. The three new technology platforms launched by the company combine modularized production with intelligent growth, and effectively upgrade the public, and based on the new platform, the company's new vehicle cycle is characterized by “brand-rich, market-discrete, power-driven” and is now full-fledged.
New models are expected to be released in 2021, with more than 10 new models and changes in existing ones. Adding to the recovery of the car market, the company’s robust new car cycle is expected to continue.
In the meantime, look at the efficiency gains from the new platform of the company and the upward structure of the product under the new car cycle. Upturning the company’s profit forecast, the company’s expected vehicle sales are not as high or as expected; launching plans for the new model is not as high as expected.
East Hing Securities reported the Great Wall Car (601633): Vision, new platform opening up.
JUNG Dan, B.A., Shanghai University of Transport, and ba (financial direction) from Manchester University, joined East Hing in May 2019.
Leading the team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Great Wall Cars (601633): Vision, new platform opening up, and no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.