Focus on competitiveness and start a new product cycle.
The company is a world-renowned producer of suv and pickups, with products covering the three main product categories of suv, sedans, pickups, and zero billion yuan, or nearly 90%. In terms of production layouts, the company has built the “11+5” global production layout, expanding its external markets: in terms of technology research and development, it has always insisted on “precision inputs”, focusing on effective research and development, and building it to secure its headquarters.
Heart, the “Ten Nations Ten” global R & D system covering Europe, Asia, North America, etc., to improve overall competitiveness, build full-scale policy gains + competitiveness, the Great Wall pickup or will usher in full new growth, industry-level liberalization in the Pika sector, and increase in the volume of sales of green pickups; and new capital building, strong pull.
At the corporate level, the Great Wall has been at the top of China’s truck market for 22 years, and the Great Wall cannons have been out of stock for five months this year, helping the Great Wall’s pickup city to renovate and dominate the market. In addition, the company offers a full-scale distribution of pickups.
The Bureau, which provides a mix of products across the field, across product lines and across price bands to meet consumer diversification needs, plans to launch a “5+n” heavy product in 2019-2021, which will enhance the competitiveness of corporate products in a comprehensive manner, drive the new platform to boost the marketability of pickups and usher in a new product cycle.
The branding of Lemon, Tank, and Coffee Smart has helped to shorten the research and development cycle and improve productivity. The new platform, which is compatible with traditional fuel trucks and with new energy products, is expected to increase the generality of company parts and components, thereby increasing the net profit of bicycles.
Wey All-New Land Cruiser tank 300, O'La Cat's Global Brightness, will open a new product cycle of 37 to 31 times, company value/ebitda 24.5 times, industry median 20.3 times, taking into account the gradual expansion of the corporate globalization strategy to accommodate overseas markets, the liberalization of the pickup industry policy, and the prospect of further growth in demand, supported by a new platform
The s01018807030 pushes to start a brand new product cycle and maintains a “recommended” rating; car sales fall short of expectations; industrial policies are less liberal than expected; and globalization strategies fall short of expectations.
The company began its operations in Hong Kong and the Mainland in 2002 with a light passenger and cargo vehicle and a pickup truck, which became the market for Suv, became independent in 2013, followed by the creation of Wey and Ora, the fourth largest company in the Great Wall in September 2018.
At present, the company ' s products cover the three main categories of suv, sedans, pickups, powered by traditional power and new energy models, with autonomous accompaniment of core parts such as engines, transformers, etc., and the establishment and operation of a joint venture with BMW Holdings (Netherlands) Lights Motors Limited. As of the end of 2019, there were more than 80 holding companies with nine full-size vehicles.
The company is the first private automobile company in the country to be listed simultaneously in Hong Kong and the Mainland.a
66.04 per cent, or 33.96 per cent, of the shares. Of these, the shareholders in the company were in charge of the Great Wall Asset Management Company Ltd. (with 56.04 per cent shareholding) and actually controlled Wei's military build-up. The company's main operations include whole-car development, production, marketing, covering the three main categories of goods: suv, car, pickup, and related owners.
The company has four brands: Huff, Wey, Ora, and the Great Wall Picard, which constructs three systems of traditional passenger cars, pickups, new energy, and continuously upgrades products through the focus on the suv product, innovative branding and branding.
At present, Hafsuv has been a China suv champion for 10 consecutive years, and pick-up trucks have been on the top of the list for 22 consecutive years in China’s pick-up truck market. The launch of the Beehives, Fine Motors, Norbo Motors, and Mande Electronics4 Major Spare Parts and Components has led to the creation of a unique spare parts business.
Open up to truly market-based operations and improve integrated competitiveness, while building long-term strategic partnerships with leading international suppliers such as Bo, zf, Otolive, Bogwana to maximize their respective resource advantages, master core parts and components resources, and work together to create domestic and international innovative and leading car products.
In the first half of 2020, the company earned $31,972 million in total vehicle operations, accounting for 2,868 million sales in the suv category, or 71.74 per cent of total sales.
Figure 3: Sales and share of vehicles by type, 2015-2020h1 (in thousands) - share of spare parts operations - (ii) acceleration of globalization strategies to improve overall competitiveness
In terms of production layouts, the group has set up the “11+5” globalized production layout. At the national level, it has concentrated on the three main vehicle production areas of North, East and South China, completing the country’s “gold triangle” production layout. The eight full-process production bases, which will be maintained, Xu Shui, Tianjin, Yongcheon, Yoko, Pinghu, Taizhou, and Zhang Jia Hong, will provide full coverage of the domestic market and provide strong support for global development.
In the ring, the first all-out factory abroad, the Russian factory Tula, was officially completed in 2019 and became a European market for the advance of Europe. Fort Bridgehead: in 2020, the company signed a binding agreement with General Motors to acquire the Indian Tari Man factory and the Rojong Palace manufacturing plant in Thailand, which were planning to acquire general-purpose vehicles and to radiation the entire ASEAN market, the Australian market; in addition, the company was in Ecuador, Malaysia,
In terms of technology research and development, companies continue to increase their investment in R & D, maintain their commitment to “precision inputs” and focus on effective R & D and build a global R & D layout to improve overall competitiveness.
“Gto-wide smart ecological strategy” was launched, and the “black technology” of the upcoming mass production was launched in combination with a combination of agto, Aligod, Pedu, China Telecom, China Connect, China Mobile, Hua-Tung and Hightower eight technology giants. In addition, Ideas, L4-level city autopilots, 5g long-distance unmanned, fully automated passenger parking, etc.
At the same time, the company has the international best R & D equipment and systems, the three main series of suv, sedans, pickups and power-driven design capabilities, and has established overseas R & D centres in Japan, the United States, Germany, India, Austria, and Korea, with headquarters at their core, covering Europe, Asia, North America, etc.
II. Policy gains + competitiveness, Great Wall pickups or new growth: (i) pickup of the pickup policy, wide scope for industry growth, and good policy development
In 2016, it was first introduced, and the pickup policy was gradually liberalized. From 2018, mandatory body spraying and pasting of reflective strips were eliminated, and from 2019, vehicle certificates and certificates of qualification were withdrawn. Since the second half of 2019, various departments and cities of the country have issued successive releases to lift or ease the restrictions on the entry of pickups.
In Yunnan, Henan, Liaoning, Hubei, Xinjiang, Jilin, Jiangxi, eight provincial districts and several cities, Pika entry has been lifted or eased. As more districts have been liberalized, pickup sales are expected to increase further.
Table 4: National pickup-related policies and new capital development will contribute to the growth of the demand for pickups. From the point of view of the distribution of pickups, the use of pickups is highest in engineering and construction, at 42%, and in transport, at 4%.
The new infrastructure includes, among other things, the construction of 5g base stations, super-high voltage, inter-city high-speed railways and inter-city rails, traffic, new-energy car-loading posts, large data centres, artificial intelligence and the industrial Internet in seven major areas. In communications, electricity, and transport construction projects, the leather truck type, with its flexibility and loading capacity, is an indispensable backbone of the national infrastructure project.
As the size of the infrastructure expands, the need for pickups is expected to grow further, contributing to the continued development of the pickup industry.
China’s pickup penetration rate is low and is expected to increase further. Globally, China’s pickup penetration rate is 18%, compared to that of other countries; Thailand, as a representative of South-East Asia, has performed well with a penetration rate of over 40%; Japan’s pickup penetration rate is about 3.6%, and China, as the world’s largest car market, recorded only 1.70%, in 2019.
About one-tenth of the U.S. pickup penetration rate is nearly two times higher than in Japan. As more and more areas remove or ease their entry restrictions, the demand expansion effects of the build-up are expected to increase significantly, and the penetration rate will increase further. (ii) Focusing on competitiveness enhancement, the Great Wall’s Pekka’s strong lead market.
1. Picard sales grew at a much faster rate than in the industry, with a higher rate of re-innovation in the city, maintaining a high level of sales and a high rate of success in the industry. By 2019, the Great Wall Picard had been in the top sales list of China's pickup market for 22 consecutive years. According to the Federation, the national volume of pickups in the first three quarters of 2020 was 3,331,000, a year-on-year increase.
In the third quarter of 2019, the Wall's series of cannons were officially marketed, popularly favored by consumers, and sales were rising. In September 2020, the Wall sold 1,1,200 guns, five months in a row.
Ten thousand, or 48.94 per cent of the sales of the Great Wall’s pickups during the month. The artillery company’s share in the market has continued to rise. The company’s monthly market has increased from around 30 per cent to more than 45 per cent, with the market share rising to 54 per cent in July 2020, and the cumulative share of the city in the previous three quarters to 48 per cent, continuing to consolidate the city’s absolute dominance in the Pekka market.
From September 28, 2018, the Great Wall Picard, the fourth largest brand of the company, began to operate independently, with a series of wind and cannons. The Great Wall Picard covers three client groups: multi-use, multiplier, and purely commercial, covering an area of 7-20 million.
In 2019, a six-page model of petrol, firewood and oil was launched: on February 29 this year, a six-page version of gasoline and a seven-page edition of the new championship model of wind gas were introduced on the market.
On July 12th, a six-stage vehicle model was launched for the Vulgar 5 country. Of this, the price range for the Vulgar 5 country model was $758-918,000, while the price range for the G-6 model was $848-978,000, which was the preferred six-stage pickup in the RMB 7-9 million country. The introduction of the two models could further expand the company’s market share of less than 100,000.
The company’s full-priced portfolio of product planning enriched the Great Wall’s Pekka National Six. In the Great Wall Gun series, three versions of the passenger, commercial, and off-road models were included, the first three-year strategy for the “5+n” product.
In addition, with respect to new energy vehicles, on 24 July this year, the Great Wall’s pick-up system launched a 7ev rain shed, and the Wall’s cannon system will also launch a pure electric vehicle model in the future, offering more options for the purchase of vehicles for industry users who prefer electric pickups.
7ev RVs can be filled with van caps, provide new car options for users in the electricity, communications, etc., to meet additional operational needs, and to build a self-researched power-driveed total system on a beehive, which has increased safety. Winding 7ev’s new listing, while providing better quality products to users, has accelerated the Great Wall’s “new quadrupling” process, and has accelerated the company’s product layout.
In the six-star strategy of product planning, the company makes a full-scale product layout that provides a mix of products in the whole field, whole product lines, full price belts, and plans to roll out a heavy weight of "5+n" products in 2019-2021, i.e., 5 new items, n reloaded vehicles, which means that there will be more new products and reloaded vehicles in the future.
The city will improve the competitiveness of corporate products across the board.iii. New platforms will help to usher in a new product cycle (i) three brands of new technologies will be launched to enhance product competitiveness
On July 20, the company weighed its three technology platforms, Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart. The three platforms are global and future-oriented technology brands, covering the entire industrial chain of automobile research and development, design, production and automobile life.
Integrating global resources and building a global platform for lemons and tanks. The two main platforms, Lemon and Tanks, are the Great Wall, which combines high-quality global resources, has spent more than $20 billion over five years in research and development, with smart, modeled car-type platforms for global markets. The two platforms have passed more than 6 million km of global road tests and 76 global road and environmental limits.
Try to bring together 18 global model environmental application analyses that ensure a globalization platform of super-mile miles, multi-environment, top-standard certifications, positioning it as a global high-end smart module technology platform. The platform covers the development of five categories of vehicles from a0 to d, and covers the markets for suv, sedans, baba, and the products based on the platform will be more numerous.
Lightly quantified, high-performance, high-security quality. In terms of performance, the lemon platform vehicle will have a better body structure, which will reduce the size of the vehicle by 50 per cent, turn by 16 per cent, move by 16 per cent, move by 16 per cent with precision, increase by 15 per cent, improve by 30 mm, reduce by 30 mm the body size of the vehicle, improve overall coordination, control, and comfort; and, in terms of power,
The platform covers four power options: ice, hybrid power, pure electric bev, hydrogen fuel power. The third generation of H6s, Hofers, the company pushed in the third quarter, is precisely the type of car built from the lemon platform.
At the same time, the "tank" platform has achieved the lead in off-road performance parameters through a comprehensive off-road configuration and a reliable hard-to-intellectual four-drive system. The company launched tank 300 on July 24, based on the first model of a tank platform.
Coffee smartness is a future-oriented smart platform. “Coffee smartness” encompasses smart pods, smart driving, and smart, e-linking structures, is a future-oriented smart system, and is a driving force for companies that move to a global technology hub.
Digital engines. The system combines smart drivers and smart pods from the perspective of user experience, and presents for the first time three core intellectual variables for "interactive +ai+ecology". In the area of smart driving, autopilots at the level of 193 based on coffee smart systems, using an expansive structure, will begin to evolve over the next year and will reach the level of l4 or even higher self-employment in the future.
The "Coffee Smart" will be on the Wall full brand, full series of cars, of which the Wey brand's flagship tank 300 is the "Coffee Smart" first-painted model. Table 6: "Lemon" and "tank" platform details
The launch of the new platform has accelerated the pace of product roll-out. Three new, systematic platforms have helped to shorten the research and development cycle, improve production efficiency, improve product quality, and accelerate product roll-out. In addition, companies plan to create at least four to six separate products for each platform, with both vertically alternative products and brand-new products on the market.
Products based on lemon platforms will be sold to more than six generations of cash-based Huffh, a vertically alternative product; and, at the same time, a new Huff dog based on a new platform is a brand-new product. Next year, companies will be rolling out relevant models based on a new platform, such as the Wey brand, a vertically alternative product - a second generation of wey products will be launched in the first half of next year.
(ii) Multiple new items are on the market, releasing new growth points, based on three technology brands, and companies will launch new products intensively in the second half of the year. On July 24, the third generation of Hafeh6, Haf Dogs, Wey All-New Landing Suv Tank 300, and Euratoms' global headlights.
Third generation Haferh6 - the first strategic model of the Lemon platform. Third generation Hafh6 was completely upgraded in terms of passive safety, all of them upgraded in terms of appearance, interiors, performance, etc., to give consumers more choice. On August 30, the third generation Hafh6 of the Wall was officially listed in Beijing, with a pre-sale price of $11.59-1349 million, at the top of the list.
As a global sales breakthrough of 3 million cars, the third generation of Haferh6 will carry the glory of the first two generations of h6 and drive the company to a higher level of sales.
Designed to match the needs of young people for a variety of travel scenes, the Elephant Episode of Heart Power is designed to meet the needs of young people. On September 25, Hafer's dog was placed on the market at a pre-sale price of $11.99-1429 million, with a five-day market of 3,045. The vehicle will be positioned as a light-landing field product and will open up a new segmented market that will bring a brand-new incremental market to the company's products.
Tank 300 - The first model of the tank platform is the first one under the brand of Wey's all-new deluxe SUV class. Tank 300, internal code code p01, is the first one based on tank platforms, and the first one matches the brand of the "coffee smart" technology, displays a luxury hard-to-field style, focusing on a compact cross-country suv market.
It's going to be officially on the market in December this year. Aura's cat -- a brand-new electric car, built by a lemon platform. Ora's cat is based on lemon platforms and coffee smartness.
The roll-out of this model will contribute better to the further growth in sales of the company’s electric vehicles. The company launched a new product in the second half of the year, opening a new product cycle. The new product is in shape, style, and configuration.
Increased diversification to meet the individual needs of young people, to provide consumers with better experience and to contribute to the growth of corporate sales on a scale that is less than expected; industrial policy easing less than expected; and globalization strategies less than expected.
Wang Jingjun, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined the civil securities scheme in July 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.