Cars and cars are back up, pickups are leading the country's suv industry, and they're continuing their research and development.
Sov sales are the first in the country, with a market share of 9.5%. In technology research and development, companies insist on a “overinvestment, precision R & D” strategy, and in recent years their R & D spending has continued to grow, R & D centres have been deployed globally, and development operations have been structured around key parts and components.
The suv industry has moved from incremental to stock-based competition, while others, such as Gilly and Chang-An, have entered the suv market, and the company's main car, Huffh6, has achieved a small lead, and is in a critical state of mind, with the launch of the new two major global smart modularization technologies, Lemon Plus Tanks.
The launch of the Modular Platform is expected to reduce the company’s research and development cycle for new vehicles, increase the efficiency of research and development, promote the use of spare parts, and increase the Māori rate. The company’s core power system has been completely upgraded, the power economy has been further enhanced, and new models have been produced in the year to enhance the competitiveness of its products.
The company’s new product cycle in the second half of the year, a new version of the chariot Hafh6 and a new edition of the big dog/white cat/tank 300, coupled with a new platform penetration rate, is expected to open a strong new product cycle with a two-fold increase in sales and single-car profits. Picard penetration is expected to increase, with dragon heads benefiting first.
In 2019, the City of Mayors filled the gap in the country’s high-end use of chemical pickups, with pickup sales at the top of the industry, reaching nearly 50% of the market. The domestic pickup penetration rate is currently only 2%, well below the global penetration rate of 6-7%. Since 2016, local governments have been freeing the pickup to the city, and the domestic pickup market is expected to pick up fast.
At the demand side, commercial demand is expected to benefit from an upscaling of consumption, replacement of microcards, minivans, and, by demand, the pickup is expected to become a multi-purpose vehicle, expanding to the consumption of one-to-three-line cities, meeting the demand for outdoor activities of the higher-income urban population. The pickup industry is expected to reach 104 in 2025.
Ten thousand vehicles, with a penetration rate of about 3.6%, will benefit first and foremost from the company’s role as a leader in the pickup industry. Deepening organizational reforms will open the way to strategic transformation.
At a time of change, the "coffee smart" technology brand was introduced for two-minded integration, from smart driving, smart cars: q2 sales back warm, with strong growth in performance, enabling a cabin, smart electronics architecture, and increasing the competitiveness of future smart mobility services.
The Great Wall is expected to improve corporate profitability in the medium to long term, and the valuation hub is expected to rise.
Great Wall Cars: Higher sales in October and higher expectations
(i) Centralized equity structure, vertical integration of operations The company is a high-quality suv leader in the country, preceded by the Great Wall Automotive Manufacturing Plant, established in 1984. The company is also the country’s first private car company to be listed in Hong Kong’s h stock, which was listed in H and a shares in 2003 and 2011.
In addition, in 2018, BMW established a beam car company jointly with BMW. Not only was the company’s first shareholder, but the company’s first shareholder, the Great Wall Asset Management Ltd. (based on the company’s 2020 quarterly report, the company’s innovation manager,
In terms of the development, production and marketing of the entire vehicle, the company is dominated by suv, the entire brand of which is Huff, Wey, the Great Wall Pikka and Ola, and has a joint venture with BMW.
In the production and appliance of spare parts, the company has set up spare parts companies, including beehives, Bono cars, precision cars, and Mande electronics. Of these, the beehives are easy to offer products such as motors, transformers, power-drives and smart transformations; the Boino automobiles are mainly involved in the development, manufacture and sale of a series of automobile products; the precision cars consist mainly of chassis, crushing, etc.
It is equipped with three main business sections: a chassis, welding, ball sales, casting, molding, automation, regeneration resources, aluminium alloys, and eight major industries; and a Mande electronics, which mainly provide smart technology, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly vehicle air-conditioning and power cooling system solutions. In the case of car gold, the Great Wall Silver Lines Finance Company was established, forming a whole industry chain layout.
(ii) The share of autonomous brands increased, the capacity to grow reasonably, the company’s overall sales remained stable, and the share of automobile sales in autonomous brands increased. The company’s overall sales have increased steadily in recent years, with incremental competition shifting to stock competition, and the company’s sales successfully stabilized at more than 1 million vehicles against the backdrop of the industry’s declining growth rate
As far as the city is concerned, the share of the company ' s passenger vehicle product has risen steadily in recent years, with the company ' s share of the vehicle product in 2019 accounting for 10,000 vehicles per year, with a domestic capacity of 1.16 million vehicles per year. There are now guaranteed, Xu Shui, Tianjin, and Chongqing Yongcheon factories built in the country.
In the overseas layout, the company signed an agreement with General Motors for the acquisition of a general-purpose vehicle, the Tarika factory in India, and the Rojung Palace plant in Thailand, and is expected to complete the deal by the end of this year. The company’s beamed vehicle, which works with BMW, is expected to be operational in 2022, with a capacity of 160,000 vehicles per year.
(iii) The owner of the product suv, the share of the pickup card has increased, the product is mainly suv, and the pickup truck is gradually enriched. The company's main vehicle is the suv model, where the Hafer brand has a long-term business and has a greater brand influence; the Wey brand was launched in 2016 and is located in the luxury suv market, and the flag is under way.
At the same time, the pick-up truck was gradually enriched, with the company launching the Great Wall gun-car in 2019 and the Great Wall gun-offer 8at model in 2020, and the product matrix gradually enriched. As a percentage of sales, the suv was the largest and its share of pickups increased.
Over half of corporate suv sales in 2013 and after the company ' s focus suv strategy was launched in 2014, the proportion of truck sales rose to 24 per cent in the first half of 2020, compared to last year ' s 10 (iv) overall R & D layout, with continuous precision inputs
In terms of technology research and development, companies have insisted on a strategy of “excessive investment, precision research and development.” In recent years, their R & D spending has continued to grow, from 2,761 million yuan in 2015, to 4,248 million yuan in 2019, and 1,220 million yuan in the first half of 2020 (as part of R & D costs have been capitalized, the share of R & D spending by companies has also increased.
R & D accounted for 3.40%. Among the country’s major car-car-car companies, the largest R & D was by the Broad Gas Group, followed by Biadi and Chang An, followed by the Great Wall Car, with the lowest R & D by the Upper Gas Group, which did not exceed 2% before 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, there was a greater decline in R & D affected by the epidemic, and by Biadi and Chang An.
And the ratio of R & D to that of the Great Wall ' s automobiles and upper-gas groups has risen. So the Wall ' s cars have kept up high levels of R & D investment, and huge R & D power underpins high-quality corporate development. Figure 7: Corporate R & D spending accounted for the share of the year ' s revenues.
Figure 8: Domestic R & D spending by major car companies accounted for more and more research and development personnel than in the current year. The number of R & D personnel in companies is large, exceeding 17,000, and the share of R & D personnel is rising, with 26.15%, 26.75% and 29.46% of R & D personnel in the last three years.
The Great Wall has been established in Japan, the United States, Germany, India, Austria, and Korea, with overseas R & D centres, with headquarters at their core, covering Europe, Asia, North America and accelerating globalization.
The local R & D centers focus on the sub-areas of car make-up and interior design, new energy projects, and autopilot, respectively, to enhance the international competitiveness of their brands.
(i) Suv market stock competition, contemplation of new suv industry stock competition, company suv market share slightly decreased. In 2019, company suv sold 869,000, city field share 9.5 per cent, first in autonomous brands. In January-August 2020, company suv sold 407,000, or a percentage of the total.
A slight decline of 7.8 per cent is due mainly to the fact that the company ' s Ace Huffh-6 will be upgraded in the second half of the year, the third generation Huffh6 will be built by a completely new platform, with full upgrades in appearance, interiors, performance and technology configurations, and the demand for the car is expected to be released in the second half of the year, and the company ' s share of the market in the suv will rise again.
The myth of Huffh6 sales has remained constant, but its lead has declined slightly. Sales have risen rapidly since it was introduced, reaching the top of the list of suv sales in less than a year. In 2014 and 2015, Huff sold 310,000 and 370,000, respectively, for the entire year, while in 2016 it created a record of domestic single-year vehicle sales, amounting to 580,000 for the year as a whole, and for the single month of December of the same year.
In December 2019, Hover's global sales went out of 3 million, and its sales recovered rapidly after the outbreak, and by June of this year it had achieved the first positive results of 85 months of suv sales. h6 has gradually diminished, and key points have been replaced. The suv sales market has entered the age of stock competition, other autonomous products.
Cards are rising, and the suv market is becoming more and more sophisticated. Other autonomous brands, such as Long Ancs75, and Jilib, sell more and more to H6 than to H6. The price advantage of Hafh6 is slightly reduced.
On July 20, the Great Wall vehicle launched three major technology brands: "Lemon", "tank" and "Coffee Smart." Since 2015, the Department has invested more than $20 billion in research and development, building smart, modularized platforms - "Lemon" and "tanks." Lemon: a high-intelligent modular technology platform for globalization.
Cars, mpv products with the world's leading fuel-efficient product, conventional engine heat will be 41% in 2022, hybrid engine heat efficiency will be 42%, and high engine heat efficiency will be 51.5% in 2025. Power includes four power models for fuel, hybrid power, pure electric power and hydrogen fuel cells.
The complex model of independent production units in the past will be radically changed, with engineers, designers and designers being reassigned to key components and product design and development tailored to different types of vehicles and research directions. The new platform will not only reflect changes in manufacturing platforms, but also the efficiency of people-to-people collaboration and product integrity, in line with market research, vehicle design, product dynamics, etc.
Modular platform for process tracking. Mainly, "Light Quantities + Full Security" concept. Lemon platform high-strength steel use more than 70% of the material on the platform. High-strength steel has this feature, with more rigidity at the same weight, and, of course, the "difficult" is a more developed process.
The Lemon platform adjusts the ratio of high-intensity steel to 70%, a concept that exceeds the current market by almost all high-intensity steel in modularized platforms. The third generation of Huffh6 high-intensity steel plates are used at a rate of 71.61%, with a reduction of 100 kg in the vehicle as a result of light quantitative material applications and process optimization.
From a safety point of view, the Lemon platform has a high-strength steel ratio, mostly in the crew section of the vehicle platform structure. In fact, most of the structure of the vehicle platform is in the crew room design. In the process, the lemon platform is in the crew room.
The side interior panels are designed as one-size-fits-all, reducing their weight while also reinforcing their structural rigidity. This is the key to vehicles being able to pass 25% of iihs' small overlap impact tests -- a very rigid passenger cabin -- and it is the basis for the security design of the lemon flat.
Good security phase. Modular design, super-extensive. In the scope of vehicle-type expansion, the lemon platform released at this stage can support the axle range from 2650 mm to 3005 mm; the length range is 4200 mm to 5100 mm; and the width of the vehicle is 1830 mm.
Figure 17: Lemon platform Tanks: Globalizing Smart Professional Land Cruisers. A modularly constructed tank platform that supports vehicle-type development at different levels from level B to level D+, covering the two main categories of suv and pickups, is a professional vertical, non-carried Land Cruiser platform.
On the power side, the tank platform covers three forms of power, ice, phev, and hev. The two main engines of conventional high-efficiency engines are 2.0l, 3.0l and gdit, of which 3.0t power/tangles reach 260kw/500n.m, respectively, and achieve 38% of the engine heat efficiency, with the same level of excellence. The tank platform will also carry the Chinese lead 9at transformer, developed autonomously by the Wall.
The combination created the world’s strongest cross-country power, with total system power/total torque reaching 380kw/750n.m, providing a strong power guarantee for the extreme cross-country movement of tank platforms. In terms of driving systems, the “tank” platform is equipped with an efficient and reliable intelligent four-drive system that can achieve a maximum of 50:50 real time.
The active hangar system of the mega-traffic, which achieves the highest-ever 120 mm suspension range in industry, while substantially raising the maximum off-road performance, coupled with the electrodes, real-time adjustment of de-escalation and blockage in combination with road conditions, and smoothing through the various routes. As a professional cross-country platform, the cross-country parameters of the "tank" platform are of in-country quality and contain more than 36.3 degrees.
Close to the angle, the exit angle greater than 37.2 degrees and greater than the vertical pass angle equal to 24 degrees, with a minimum gap of 224 mm, water-traverse depth up to 965 mm, 100% climb to the industry limit level. mm; long range of 4,600 mm to 5999 mm; wide range of 1840 mm to 2200 mm, covering pickups and pickups.
Sov, with a model layout from b to d+, and 105 standard modules and 425 basic modules. Figure 18: New platforms for tanks, new models for new platforms, enriched corporate product matrices.
In 2021, the new platform company will launch more than 10 new cars. In the area of suv, the third listed Dehafferh6 has been fully upgraded and consolidated. The next-listed Hafer dog has a 3/4-hour ride, taking into account cross-country and city use, and meets the needs of young consumers through precise product targeting, creating a completely new car type: 2021
Hafff7/f7x is also on the market in recent days to achieve intelligent re-elevation through the "Five New" and "Fun-Life 2.0 systems" and the "12.3-inch controlled big screen" all-systems; the 300 tanks in the wey series will be on the market by the end of the year, built on a professional cross-country platform, the "tank" as the brand's flagship vehicle.
The introduction of these new models has enriched the company's product in the suv area and helped the Great Wall to become a full-ball suv leader. In addition, in the area of new energy vehicles, the Eurasia cat has been listed and introduced a new naming system.
To attract the attention of young consumers; Olya cats are about to be listed, based on the first electric car built on a brand-new Lemon platform, with a newer style, a more fashionable attitude and distinct personality, which will lead to a further upgrading of the Ora brand once it is on the market. Many new types of cars are on the market, resulting in a comprehensive layout of the company’s products in different segmented markets, leading to a national ownership brand.
Figure 19: New cars on the market in 2020 (iii) refers to the public platform strategy, which is expected to reduce costs.
Based on the axle range classification: 2 in 1996, the pq platform was launched and the pq platform was classified according to engine location and axle range: 3 in 2001 was the transition period for the modular platform, and in 2008 the modular platform strategy was officially launched, primarily the mqb, mlb and mass mqb motors for the horizontal platform features:
1. Modules are highly flexible and designed to be compatible: the core architecture is designed on the basis of modules such as heating and air conditioning systems, seating skeletons, motor/motion systems, electrical, etc.
2. Standard engine installation position, reduction of engine, variable type: The same uniting of engine modules is both the basis for modularization of the mqb platform and the core element of the platform. That is, all motor panels on the platform are at the same distance from the centre of the front wheels, and the engine is installed in the same tilt angle, with a 12-degree standardized design, engine and transformer in the back.
Classes are reduced by 88%, synchronised standardized axes, transformers are located, and the venting system is integrated into a forward back-loading approach. There are three power systems for the mqb platform: traditional power, electric and non-traditional power/renewable energy, of which the conventional power module consists of the gas engine (ea211) module and the diesel engine (ea288) module.
3 - Light quantification and fuel economy are further enhanced: 85% of the body structure uses high-strength steel for weight reduction of about 18 kg, while collision performance is also enhanced. The floor is partly based on heavier heat-forming high-strength steel, and the weight reduction target is also set at 18 kg. The mqb platform is 40-60 kg less weight than the upper-car crash, with a contribution of nearly 25% to the whole car ' s oil saving.
4. Co-line production, production efficiency gains: because engine modules are fixed, products from mqb platforms can be produced in co-line, using a form called Modularized Production System (mpb). Thus, it can be achieved: 1) car types within popular brands can be produced in co-line, such as polo and Pasart; 2) various branded models within public groups can also be produced in co-line, such as the general population,
Syat and Scorda have different brands.5 The production development costs are lower: the pq46 platform tiguan/passat, the pq35 platform octavia and the pq25 platform polo/fabia, where an engine-to-firewall connection is different depending on the platform and engine size.
There are many different styles. But when the mqb platform is used, the accessories can be integrated. Standardized, modularized production can significantly reduce production costs. Figure 22: Mqb platform vehicle sizes are more lightly quantified.
Figure 23: Modular installation of mqb platform to reduce costs The steel plate 340-7000mpa high-strength steel with super-high-strength steel (>1,000mpa) refers to mass mqb platform and is expected to increase profitability. The Great Wall modular platform and the popular mqb modular platform.
The same is true of improving quality, adaptation, universalization, and cost reduction. Lemon platforms are more extensive than mqb and meb, with five categories of vehicle being developed. The new platform has 60-80% generic use of parts and components, and a 3-4 percentage point increase in the level of Maori for new platform products is expected.
(iv) Upgrading of core power (quick tank plus engine) and production of new vehicle models during the year, upgrade of core power, and further increase in power economy. On 14-15 July, the company hosted the Great Wall ' s full new power production of the 4n20 series of engines with a heat efficiency of 38.3% and the world ' s first 9dct/9hdct
The Wall's brand-new power product was obtained by the Vice-President of the Qinghua University School of Vehicle Transport, the Chinese Heart, the ten-year high-quality engine, and Wang Chi, the jury of the Committee of Experts, commented: “The Wall's cars have been very productive in the power generation field, and the new technologies have become more rapid, more quantitative, efficient and energy-efficient, based entirely on the autonomous technology development of the Wall's cars.
The company's new 9dct boosts fuel consumption by introducing the first global wet 9dc/9hdct. The company's new 9dc raises 54% of the load torque, saves 5.8 mm on average, using high electron module design, compact synchroniser design, etc.
The weight drops by 2.6%, close to the old 7dct, but much better than the new energy. At the same time, the P2 module was integrated on the basis of a conventional transformer, and the first global rounder p2 mixed wet 9hdct was developed. Compared to the old 7dc product, the 9dct transformer decreased 100 km of oil by 7% and the 9hdct transformer by 70%.
The new 4n20 engine heat efficiency is 38.3% and the power torque indicator is internationally advanced. The company ' s 4n20 achieved low fuel consumption and low emission characteristics using high compression ratios, 350 bar-based direct-jet fuel systems, miller cycles, electronic pumps, light-quantified, etc. The heat efficiency is 38.3%, with a minimum of 220g/kwh, on board the Hafer series.
One-generation oil consumption was reduced by 5-8 per cent; at the same time, the power of 180 kw (5500-6000 rpm), torque 385 nm (1750-4000 rpm), to a 10 per cent reduction in weight relative to the previous generation of products, and the indicators of efficiency, performance and energy conservation and environmental protection were internationally advanced.
The third generation of H6 boosts sales. The third generation of H6 on the market in September this year was the first fuel suv of a whole-of-a-car funta function that was built on a new platform and upgraded to a new market demand. The new generation of Hafh6, in addition to its basic appearance, interior upgrades, is lightly quantified, body size, safety, and smart web connections.
In addition, the price of the third generation Haferh of less than 150,000 has kept it high enough to anticipate the potential of the new product and to continue its good sales performance.
Figure 29: Third generation Haffah6 interior map, third generation H6 is better than competitive car type. Compared to the same type of competitive car type on the market, third generation Huffh6 is better combined. In performance, third generation Huffh6 uses an upgraded version of 1.5 gdit engine plus second.
Second-generation 7dc speed tank, full upgrade of the power-control booster, up to 95.6% transmission efficiency, combined with the 3.0 power condition software version, with a maximum speed increase of 200 ms. And its maximum torque output range is raised from 1400 to 3000 to 1400 - 3600, and is even better than the other brands, with 1.5 t and 1.8 t.
On the other hand, the third generation Haffah6 has a size of 4653*1886*1730, with a significant increase over the old H6 and, most importantly, an axle range of 2738 mm, which provides a larger leg space for back row passengers compared to other branded cars. On the smart side, the third generation Huffh6 supports the upgrading of the entire car's fota and has an automatic reverse function, leading the other company.
The three-day Haferh6 is a vehicle with a small sale price of 120,000 yuan, with two millimetre waves of radar, 12 ultrasound radars, 1 adas camera, 1 car recorder camera, 4 loop cameras, and a full-scale scan of the camera, which gives the model an L2+ level autopilot capability.
100 kg heavy, 10% enhanced performance and fuel consumption reduced by more than 14.5%.iii. Picard penetration is expected to increase, with taps benefiting first and foremost (i) domestic pickups leading to pickups multiplied.
In 1996, the first Great Wall, Picardier, went off the line, laying a solid foundation for China’s pickup industry and opening a whole new market for the Wall’s cars. After the Great Wall Cars Company Ltd. was established in 2001, a series of products, such as bells, bells, bells, windcools, wind blisters, etc., were launched to gain a great deal of product strength.
In addition, the Great Wall Picard is widely appreciated on the international market, with Deir exporting to the Middle East, and Dir exporting to Italy, becoming the backbone of Chinese cars. With Picard entering the city and easing restrictions on household use, Picard’s market has expanded further. In 2019, the high-end pickup series was officially marketed, with excellent performance and a balance of vehicle characteristics, and it was listed in just a few months.
Figure 30: The Great Wall’s Piccard Development History, which is constantly being updated and transformed, led to change. The first Dell was listed in 1996 and the new bell in 2001 became high.
In 2006, the high-end pick-up series was marketed, repositioning the new era of the pickup, followed by wind, wind, wind, and wind, 7. In 2019, the Great Wall “gun” series was marketed, leading to the use of the pickup truck.
The sale of the Great Wall pickups rose, and the share of the cards was the highest. Except for the drop in the sales of the Great Wall pickups in 2015, the overall trend was upward, with the sales of the Great Wall pickups rising from 118,406 in 2014, to 148,830 in 2019 and 13,746 in January-August 2020, an increase of 62.51 per cent over the January-July 2019 period.
Figure 32: Great Wall Picard sales (annual) Wall cannons show a bright face, leading to the use of pickups. The Great Wall cannons have been on the market with a sharp increase in sales, although affected by the epidemic, with 2 in 2020. The Wall cannons have also been on the rise, with 12.62% in October 2019 and 12.62% in August 2020.
26.77% has been achieved. As a leader in the use of pickups, the Great Wall cannons will continue to grow in the future to become the company ' s pickup market. Figure 34: Great Wall artillery sales (monthly)
The Great Wall cannon has a dynamic and spatial advantage over other pick-up trucks. In 2020, the Pekka market remained stable at 1+3+n, with 48% of the Great Wall Picard ratio, and a total of 30% of the 3 Jiang Suz, Zhengzhou Niang, Jiangxi 50 bells, which characterizes the sales of the head of the firm by crushing the tail.
Broader. In power systems, the maximum torque of the engine reaches 400 nm, clearly ahead of other pick-up trucks; in body size and container size, there is greater space; in appearance, it is more motorized, and the company itself is expected to continue to maintain its own skin (ii) liberalization, and the pickup penetration is expected to increase.
In 2004-2010, domestic pickups went through a downward and rising process, and sales were on the rise overall. Beginning in 2011, pickups grew slowly and steadily, with monthly pickups increasing by 56.00 per cent, benefiting from the consumption boosted by the epidemic.
The reasons for limiting the growth of the pickup market are: 1) restrictions. Early pickups are classified as trucks in many cities, and are restricted in important areas and time periods.
The need for spraying and reflective regulations has led many families to give up buying and using pickups. 2) Picards are more expensive than cars. Picards are bigger in size and self-weight than cars, and they are more expensive than cars, and the price of oil is not very low in our country, resulting in more expensive pickups than cars.
In most people’s minds, pickups are used as vehicles to pull goods, driving cards, etc.) are classified as commercial vehicles, with complicated maintenance procedures. Picards, like trucks, are subject to annual review, 15 years of mandatory retirement, and some of them require operating certificates.
In February 2016, Liaoning, Hebei, Henan and Yunnan Cheng were the first pilot provinces to be released, some cities were completely released, and the main city was eased. In December 2016, there was an increase.
Xinjiang and Hubei are the second provinces to be freed from the ban. In July 2018, 14 cities throughout Liaoning Province eased the restrictions on the entry of leather trucks into the city. In 2019, cities such as Jinan, Qin, Zhang Jiaguchi, Tangshan, etc., were also liberalized. Since 2020, more provinces and cities have joined the ban on the ban on the disease, including Gilin, Chongqing, Ningbo, and so forth.
(iii) Increased sales of pickups are driven by new commercial multi-use demand The domestic pickups are used mainly as production inputs in urban and rural areas, where domestic demand is now primarily commercial.
At the demand-side, the country’s pickups are now mainly commercial vehicle attributes, dominated by users in engineering construction, wholesale retailing, and agro-food industries. There is a relatively low demand for vehicle attributes.
There is an upgrade of micro-, micro-, micro-cards as a means of production. Consumers with a higher economic level are willing to upgrade from mini-buses and mini-cars to pickups.
650,000 minivans, assuming that 20% of sales will be upgraded to pickups, and about 200,000 new ones for the year. Multiply demand, with the liberalization of policies such as the lifting of pickups into the city, the pickups are expected to become multi-purpose vehicles.
Demand for outdoor activities for the higher population. The pickup sector is expected to reach 1.04 million in 2025, with a penetration rate of about 3.6 per cent.
In recent times, the Wall has been able to deepen its regulatory reforms and enhance competitiveness at the bottom. The Wall's cars have recently published a film by President Wei Jianjun, “Thirty Years of Vehicle Building”, and an article entitled “Thirty Years of Consciousness for the Great Wall Partners: How the Wall Cars will go through next year,” pointing to the need for companies to complete the transformation from “China's auto-manufacturing enterprise to a global technology company” that reflects changes in the future of the auto industry.
Deep thinking about the Great Wall’s auto reform demonstrates the courage and determination of the Wall’s deeper reforms to its governance system, allowing companies to remain nuclearly competitive in order to meet future challenges. Two connections: one, brand, business, R & D.
Clients, with the involvement of marketing, brand companies, provide information input for commodity development, connect and co-operate with commodities into product 2, combat modules. Through process and digital change, brand management is enhanced, and brands are made directly accessible to users through operational modules, with decision-making by those who hear “gunfires” supported by resources from professional and functional departments.
The division's combat unit model is based on Toyota's "ce system" and the traditional car company decision-making model is generally centralized, down to the bottom, while the Great Wall vehicle's battle group model is bottom-up, from a center-to-centre radiation structure model to a grid-like multi-point structure. This restructuring is based on decentralization and greater sophistication.
A combination: the two teams that work as smart networks and autopilots will be re-divised to achieve a “brain mix.” For the first time since the market, the equity incentive scheme has been launched, reflecting a commitment to change.
In 2020, companies launched a stock incentive scheme, awarding limited stock stocks of 67,428,000, and incentives through a limited stock incentive scheme.
For $8.73 per unit, the implementation of the incentive will further enhance the internal dynamism of the company. (ii) The introduction of the “Café Smart” (Café Smart), the transition to a global technology company, the launch of the “Café Smart” technology brand, and the layout of the future Smart Travel Service.
For the first time, Morphine Smart, as a car-to-car smart brand that covers smart cabins, smart driving, and smart electronics shelves, is a smart system for future travel and a digital engine that drives the Wall car to a global technology company. The Division also draws on the case of “coffee,” a leisure life impression, and a third space defined by Starbucks, hoping to use “coffee intelligence.”
In the field of smart driving, the Wall car insists on autonomous research and development, and the model for autopilots based on the calculator 's level of 103 will be expanded and will begin to evolve over the next year, and will grow into autopilots at the level of 1.4 or even higher.
Domains, smart spaces, multiplicity of mobile spaces, "Cloud One" computing platforms, and cross-system open architectures form kernels. Around people, cars, roads, and environments, "coffee intelligence" can provide 360 degrees inside and 360 degrees outside the car with 720 degrees of perception, using "Cloud One" ultra-distance sensing techniques to integrate bicycles into the city's big traffic intelligence.
Car 3.5 and 4.0 generation new electronics architecture, supporting the Giga Ether Network, 5g, v2x, etc. In addition, the Wall Cars took the lead in the implementation of a functional and information security analysis process, making it the first company to obtain an information security certification from the Central Gas Center.
The brand launch, the Great Wall car, called for a “transformation of technology and innovation-driven companies into global science and technology companies,” a turning point in the transformation of companies from single- and full-car manufacturing firms to global technology and technology companies with “manufacturing + services.” Business model changes bring about a change in profit patterns that promises to reshape the pattern of oem competition.
The industry has shifted to “front-end manufacturing + full-life services.” The early whole-caroem business model is only the “research-production-sale” model, and the service line is mainly after-sale maintenance services. But, with the catalytic effect of mobile connectivity, oem has added a new demand for services.
The entry of the service business model is expected to change consumers' preferences for each model, and to focus on the fuel economy of the product, etc., while paying attention to the availability of more dimensions of the vehicle base, and to what extent, the international big car races to become a car travel service company. For example, Toyota's car, Chairman Toyota's Toyota man in 2018.
In January, the Toyota Congress announced that Toyota “will be transformed from a vehicle manufacturing company to a company that provides a variety of travel services” and that it will be established in a joint venture with the Silver and Silver Bank as a travel service company, monet. The business model changes are expected to reshape caroem competition, and the short board of intelligent travel services may become a stumbling block for the development of traditional car companies.
V. Comparable financial comparisons with companies, we've selected four car-to-car companies in the country, namely, the Volkswagen Group, the Gilly Car, the Chang An Car, and the Biadian. According to the latest mid-2020 report, the size of the Great Wall in the company is at the forefront, with considerable profits.
Business income and net profits are growing at a smooth rate. Figure 50: Size of comparable corporate revenue
Figure 52: Scale of net profits of comparable companies Figure 53: Growth of net profits of comparable companies
The implementation and development of various types of platform technology are expected to maintain a high level of Māori and are expected to increase further profitability.Figure 54: Comparable Māori rates for companies, in terms of three fees, are lower in the Wall than for other whole-car companies, with better cost-control capabilities.
The rate of return on production was influenced by a sharp decline in net interest rates in 2017, followed by a significant decline in Roe as a result of the profitability of the company. In terms of net cash flows from operating activities, the Wall ' s net cash flows are at a preponderant level compared to other companies, indicating a steady increase in the market for the sale of goods, greater liquidity of assets and a greater increase in market competitiveness.
The platform and the new car cycle have increased product competitiveness, and the Māori rate will recover significantly. So, we expect companies to have other business such as spare parts, labour, molds: these operations account for only about 5 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, and we make simple projections based on historical trends.
1. The demand recovery in the passenger sector is lower than expected. The demand recovery in the passenger vehicle sector, especially in the suv, is a major factor in the improved performance of the company and, if it is lower than expected, will affect the sale of the company’s brands.2 New vehicle sales are lower than expected. The company’s new platform has a larger number of new models, which may be the result of competition in the industry’s autonomous brand price battle.
There is a risk that the new platform will fall short of expectations. The company will release two lemon + tank modularized vehicle platforms, the rate of interoperability of spare parts and the increase in R & D efficiency will reduce costs, but there is a risk that the decline will be lower than expected and that the increase in the M & A rate will be lower than expected.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data