Undervalued lemon mix dht technology December 24, 2020  Why is the Wall so focused on hybrid technology? 1) Policy + technology orientation, mixed market prospects.
About 750,000 vehicles are expected to be sold in 2020, with 15 million vehicles sold in 2035, based on the road map to energy efficiency and new energy vehicle technology, with an average compound increase of 22.2 per cent per year and a high market space outlook; 2) the solar system has a pre-emergent advantage and an autonomous replacement potential
The solar hev mix has a pre-emptive advantage in the market monopoly. “Lemon dht” mixes, responding positively to policy orientation, breaking the monopoly of joint ventures, meeting market demands, accelerating national production substitution, and promoting self-empowerment.
How can hybrid systems save oil? 1) The day-to-day working conditions are complicated and require storage devices to assist in the “peak filling of the valley”. The day-to-day driving requires batteries as storage units to release energy supplementation when engine power is not available in excess of capacity, so that they can remain operational.
Efficient compartments; 2) mixed structure program to make the engine more “pure”. The properties of the big torque under the low power drive make the engine need not consider covering the whole condition, but opt for low speed torque but a more high- and high-speed heat-efficient “Atkinson” cycle design; 3) power + battery participation in energy recovery.
Collection, further enhancement of fuel economy. Because of the existence of storage units and electric machines, it is possible to recover energy from power at the moment of motion or deceleration, thereby increasing energy efficiency; 4) different structures (combined, combined, interconnected) and electromechanical deployment programmes (p0/p1/p2/p2.5/p3/p4) have different energy-saving effects
And driving experience; 5) Lower + weight reduction + energy efficiency requirements, the hev mix or the best choice for energy-saving cars. The hev mix is more in line with the current state of imperfect charging conditions, and is the main direction for energy-saving cars in the future because of factors such as yields, weights, and energy efficiency.
• Why “Lemon dht” is enough to drive the market pattern? 1) The current market pattern of the hev, the solar system, occupies a monopoly on the strong mixed market. In the mixed market, the power mix is about 52%, 48v is light, 1 and the Great Wall is broken (601633):
About 48 per cent of the mix, over 99 per cent of the solar system in the strong mixed market, became a nominee for the powerful mixed technology; 2) “Lemon dht” breaks the monopoly on joint brand technology, economics and power captures all over the joint venture technology monopoly, supports the hybrid industry.
Excellent. Lemon dht was the first time that an autonomous brand had launched a double-electrator hev program, which had an overall advantage in economic and dynamic indicators compared to the Joint Venture Breakout 2020-12-16 and optimized the Honda i-mmd system.
2. The Great Wall Cars (601633): Mainstream Accelerator Deficiencies; 3) High-Integration Double Power Twilight Links to achieve full-scale user coverage.
v/single/combined/energy recovery work models to achieve power versus economy in a global setting3 and the Great Wall Cars (601633): a new one-size-fits-all balance; 4) two architectures + three power sets combined to meet the needs of diverse users. 1.8 kwh and 1.8 kwh
The wheel cycle begins with the 2020-03-15 45kwh power cell for two scenarios: hev and phev, with three power systems with output power of 140/240/320kw, respectively, meeting the configuration requirements of different levels of vehicle type.
The value of the Walla shares is on average 45/31/25 times higher than that of the company. Given that the “Lemon dht” hybrid technology breaks the monopoly of joint ventures, and that economic and kinetic power prevail, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. Why is the Wall so focused on hybrid technology? 1.1. Policy + technology orientation, mixed market prospects
The power mix, an intermediate in the transition from fuel to new-energy cars, has been effective in reducing energy consumption and emissions, and is gaining importance under the pressure of national carbon-neutral targets. The Chinese Automotive Engineering Institute recently released Energy Conservation and New-Energy Automobile Technology.
The road map 2.0 states that by 2035 each of the energy-efficient and new energy vehicles will be sold at 50%. Pure electric vehicles in the new energy sector will ultimately have to rely on hev-mixed technology.
Toyota's first hybrid power system on the “prius” in 1997, and more than two decades of its development, the hev hybrid power has become basically a Japanese alias. Toyota and Honda have built higher patent walls through pre-emptive advantage, making it difficult for later generations to catch up and occupying more than 99% of the current market.
The sales data show that the number of hevs sold at the national level is 668,000, or only 4.31% of the passenger vehicles. As hybrid technology is gaining interest in policy and markets, the future growth space is opening up, and the Wall has introduced “Lemon dht” hybrid technology, which is positive and policy-oriented, breaks the monopoly of joint ventures, meets market demand, and accelerates the replacement of national production in favour of self-empowerment.
2.1. Purpose: to make the engine more efficient as an intermediate product of motor-driven and purely electric vehicles, the emergence of hybrid vehicles, with the primary aim of making the engine more efficient.
In order to make the engine work closer to the active zone. The engine's heat efficiency is currently up to 40% left and right, but it varies greatly from one condition to another. As shown in the figure below, the vertical axis is output torque, the horizontal axis is engine torque, the blue equivalent curve is output power, with different percentages representing the opening of the gas gate, while the colours of different colours represent the opening of the gas gate.
The difference in thermal efficiency, i.e., the unit fuel consumption, with the highest heat efficiency in the red regions, the lowest fuel consumption and the lowest heat efficiency in the dark regions, can be found in the following figures:
1) Inverse ratio of engine to engine to engine to torque at constant output power, lower speed, greater speed; 2) engine ' s efficient working area is narrow and the speed range is approximately between 2000 and 3500 r/min: 3) engine heat efficiency varies widely under different working conditions, with heat efficiency between inefficient zones being 60% or even lower;)
The heat efficiency of engines is very low in low-speed and low-load conditions, which often correspond to the start-up and reduction of vehicles and the complexity of day-to-day driving conditions and the need for storage devices to assist in “peak-filling”.
Farther than the best, and more demanding than the best when he drives, such as when he climbs up the slope or accelerates, requires a storage device to “crash the filling pit” of motor power when there's an excess of power to release energy when additional power is needed so that the engine can always work under the best working conditions and thus at the best.
The best fuel economy can eventually be achieved. Even a power plant supported by a storage device can be used for power output and power supplementation under conditions that require additional power to be lost.
In hybrid power institutions with electric motors, the engine does not need to cover a wide range of work, but rather needs to be designed to be “pure” by looking at the best. The solar system such as Toyota and Honda combines with the Atkinson cycle. Compared to the normal Otto cycle, the Atkinson cycle is a narrow medium-to-medium pattern.
More efficient fuel economy in the perimeter, but low speeds of rotation, due to lower open air-saving doors, result in a lack of torque, which would not apply to civilian cars, while low torque and torque of power in mixed power structures are added to the power, making it the best engine choice for the former mix.
2.1.3. The involvement of electric motor + batteries in energy recovery further enhances fuel economy, in addition to energy storage and release as a result of engine work, because of the presence of storage devices and electric machines, which allow vehicles to recover energy during a deceleration, such as a brake, rather than end up with heat, as is the case with conventional cars.
With the diversity of storage devices, the battery is the current mainstream option, which is more than just a battery, including capacitors (Madaj-eloop), hydraulic devices, compressed air (psa technology), flying wheels (f1 racers) and so on.
But the vast majority of them are currently designed using batteries as storage energy devices for mixed power options. 2.2. Structures of mixed power: mixed, combined, mixed (synchronous) oil-electric power systems bring about three structures in different combinations.
Motivation and the two power systems of the battery--the electric motor, and the different modes of the work of the two power systems in conjunction with each other bring about three different power structures that are interwoven, interwoven and mixed. 2.2.1. Combining structures.
Engines decoupled with wheels and electric motors. As shown in the graph below, the power flow of gasoline -- the engine -- the engine -- the battery -- the engine -- the wheel, the engine is not mechanically connected to the wheel, and the engine is decoupled from the engine, so the engine can always work under the best conditions.
Figure 4: Serial framework map Figure 5: Serial structure power transfer Serial power structure has several modes of operation: 1) engine-driven generator work while power-driven vehicle
Forward, when driving less power than generator power, the battery is charged, and when driving more power than generator power, the battery is discharged; (2) the engine stops working, the motor-driven vehicle is powered by normal battery capacity, sufficient and low-speed urban conditions. 3) The engine stops working, the motor is powered backwards, generally downhill or minus.
Combining hybrid power structures are the easiest to deploy and design, as engines and motor inorganic inorganic devices are connected, theoretical engine positions can be placed at will, but there are also their own deficiencies: (a) engines cannot drive wheels directly and require two wears from generators and electric motors, in some cases.
In fact, it is not economical; (b) electric motors need to cover full-time drivers, so power requirements are high and a small-power generator is needed at a higher cost; and (c) engines and generators are not useful for power output and there is a certain amount of waste of function.
2.2.2. Linked structure Mechanical coupling between engines and motors. Linked structure is different from a chaining structure, stored between engines and motors. Mechanical connection, mechanical coupling, transmission of the end of the output and the end of the engine, the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine, or the engine.
Figure 6: Synchronized framework diagrams Figure 7: Mixed working models for combined structure dynamics transfer and association structure, with p2 (presented later) architecture as an example, divided into the following:
1) When working power is close to the best workspace, the motor drives the vehicle alone and the motor is not involved in the work; 2) the motors and the engine co-opt the torque when the power is required, such as a rapid acceleration or uphill, but priority is given to ensuring that the motivation works in the best zone, and the power of the motor is gradually increasing; 3) when the work requires a smaller power, it changes by blocking the position.
(d) When the engine works in optimal condition, drives the vehicle and is used with excess power to charge the battery with electric motors; (d) when the power is low, the power is low and the battery, if it has electricity, drives the car alone and the engine does not work; (e) when the slope or deceleration is down, the engine does not work and the motor is charged to the battery in reverse.
Approaching the deployment of conventional fuel vehicles, effectively reducing the cost of electrical power, and configuring it to the base of a conventional fuel vehicle, adding a set of electrical and battery equipment. Because the power does not have to provide all the driving power, the power can be smaller and lower than the cost; but because the power is coupled with the engine machinery, the output speed needs to be adjusted in a transformer box.
Even when a single power engine is driven, the power needs to be driven by a variable box, so that there is a greater loss of power. 2.2.3. Combined (synchronous) structures combine the features of a cascade and a combination structure to achieve a mode switch in different working conditions.
Enables vehicles to use a serial mode at low speed, using motors to charge batteries, batteries to power batteries, electric motors wheels, high-speed-time clutch connections, driven directly by motors or synchronous engines and machines. Figure 8: Combining (synchronous) structures
Combining structures, with multiple modes of operation: 1) When the speed of the drive corresponds to the optimal scope of the engine, it is usually high, the clutch is connected, the vehicle is driven directly by the engine, and the battery is charged when the power of the engine is greater than the required power, and when the power is less than required.
Power, additional power is provided by m2; 2) the clutch is broken when the speed of movement is less than or higher than the engine's best working conditions, it is turned into a serial mode, charged by the engine to the battery, and the motor drives the vehicle forward; 3) the clutch is broken when the vehicle is on a downward slope or a brake, and the electric motor m2 is charged to the battery in reverse as a generator; 4) emergency acceleration or climb is required.
At the same time, when single machines and motors alone cannot provide enough power, the clutch connection, the engine and the motor transport simultaneously, there is no need for separate transmissions, but the motors and the clutchs are high, the mix pattern is similar to the serial pattern, there is no need for separate transmissions, both engines and motors can be involved in the output of power, increasing the efficiency of motion.
The higher requirements for electric motors m2 and Ionizers and the more complex driving patterns have resulted in higher costs than a chain of 2.3. Different power-positioning options for mixed power (p0/p1/p2/p2.5/p3/p4) can be divided into various layout options such as p0/p1/p2/p2.5/p3/p4 depending on the configuration of the machine.
Figure 9: Distribution of electrical positions 2.3.1.p0/p1 scheme (adapted to 48v mix and mesmerized system) p0 for light mixing and p1 for light mix and mesmerization. p0 places the electric power in the position of the original generator and tightens it by tightening it.
The belt is softly connected to the front end of the engine axle, using bsg (belt-drivenstarter/generator); and p1 is a rigid connection to the back end of the axle, replacing the traditional wheels with an asg (instrumentedstarter generator). p1 is more powerful than p0 and can be used not only for mixing.
It can also be used in the middle-mixed system. Neither p0 nor p1 can achieve a pure power-driven mode. The p0 and p1 formula have common disadvantages, i.e., combing with the engine axle and not being able to separate from the engine-driven wheel, i.e., unpure power-driven mode.
Program 2.3.2.p2 is located after the clutch. The electron is directly connected to the axle of the transmission box or through the gear and belt to the ax of the axle of the transformation box, and there is a clutch between the engine and the motor.
In contrast to the p0/p1, the advantage of the p2 option is that: 1) because of the presence of the clutch, the engine can be decoupled from the engine and the vehicle can be driven forward independently; 2) if the engine is connected to the axle of the transmission box, the engine is turned around by the presence of the transmission ratio.
The torque can reduce the volume and cost of the motor without being very large. 1) Only when the transformer is in an empty position can the engine decouple the wheel to start the engine, otherwise an additional bsg at the end of the engine must be added to the autostop function; 2) cross-start
The engine, for example, takes the shape of the axle of the axle, which makes it more difficult to deploy the whole vehicle. 2.3.3.p3/p2.5 p3 system, which combines the output axle with the axle of the transformer and directly links it to the wheel through the output axle, so that it has the advantage
It is the fact that power output is not consumed by a decryption box and that pure power drive and brake energy are more efficiently recovered. The disadvantages are also more evident, because the absence of a clutch does not allow for the dysentery of the vehicle, which results in the failure of a single power unit to discharge the stationary vehicle, and the need to add a bsg to the engine position to meet the stationary charger function and to form a p0-p3 structure.
P2.5 is achieved by means of a two-way-coupled converter, using the characteristics of a two-way-concorded converter capable of switching between two input axes, collating the electric machine with one of the input axes, driving it in various modes through the break-up of the clutch: 1) the clutches of both input axes are unplugged, the engine is decoupled with the transformer box, the power is driven at low speed; 2)
Ionator coupling, electric + engine drive, similar to p2 program for straight-link input axes; 3) clutch coupling for another axis, electric motor + engine drive, similar to p2 by gear coupling.
The p4 program can be used to achieve a four-wheel drive, which is characterized by the fact that engines and motors do not drive the same axle, function similar to p3, both of which can achieve pure power drive and brake recovery, and that there is no mechanical connection between engines and motors, which are coupled by the ground.
Figure 14: BMW8 mixed layout structure, for example, BMW8 with the front bridge driven by electric motor, and the back bridge driven by motor. In pure power, the main engine drive is driven by the engine, while in hybrid mode, the engine-driven rear axis is the main driver.
P4 layout (with only one p4 power with high voltage) cannot be easily switched between pure power drive and pure engine drive, which means a forward- and forward-drive switch that is not conducive to vehicle manipulation and comfort. 2.4. Decimal + weight reduction + efficiency advantage, hev mix or energy-saving car optimal choice
Merger is graded according to battery capacity and power, and can be divided into six levels: micro-mixed, light-mixed, middle-mixed, strong-mixed, plugged-in, and multiplier-mixed, ranging from low to high, the higher the battery capacity and power output power, which is closer to the full power-driven mode.
Figure 15: Micro-mixing – the dichotomy of multipliers. Micromixing is the enhanced version of the fuel truck, and the additions (erev) and plug-in (phev) can be seen as a transition solution of a pure tram type. In the middle of the spectrum, the three types of blending can be seen as a real mix.
Lower + weight reduction + energy savings require that hev mix or become the best option. When user charging conditions are generally not sufficiently mature, hev technology options not only reduce costs but also weigh the entire vehicle.
The plan and requirements of the Road Map to Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology 2.0 require fuel economy of 4l/100km in 2035, which is difficult to achieve on the basis of 48v blending technology alone, and hence the use of hev blending technology routes, reducing pure power mileage, reducing power cell capacity, or making it possible.
Why is “Lemon dht” enough to drive the market pattern? The solar system holds a monopoly, and the “Lemon dht” is expected to set a new pole.
Figure 16: Main autonomous brands + solar-time mixed market competition patterns Current market-competitive patterns, where the strong market dominated the monopoly. In January-November 2020, hev ' s combined sales amounted to 3.94 million vehicles, representing 52 per cent of the mixed sales, 48v light-market sales amounted to about 48 per cent, and the hev ' s combined sales amounted to 99 per cent.
These are dominated by the two most powerful solar systems (Honda, Toyota), which have become largely hev-mixed. The market for phev in January-November 2020 was 15.17 million, and the Biadedm system, which is mainly focused on phev, now accounts for about 21% of the market.
"Lemon dht" is a hybrid technology that transcends the joint venture brand. "Lemon dht" is a hybrid technology that, as the first-ever dual-power capping structure introduced by an autonomous brand, achieves a full-speed, full-scale, economic and dynamic balance and breaks the monopoly of joint venture brand technology.
Building a diversity-driven mix to meet market diversification needs, with economic and motivational indicators going beyond joint venture brands. Figure 18: Comparison of mainstream hybrid power technology programmes 3.2. Precision-efficient planetary gear groups casting patent barriers - Toyotaths system
The first generation of ths technologies (p111) was introduced in Prius, which has passed through the second generation (p112), the third generation (p410) and has now reached the fourth generation (p610) and was listed for the first time in 2015, and is currently sold domestically on the P610 system, which is carried by Camery and the Asian Dragon.
The core of the Toyotaths system is a sophisticated planetary gear system, as shown in figure 20 below: the workings of the ths planetary gear system ths are as follows:
1) Engines are inefficient and power-motivated in the region when they start and travel at low speeds, while electric engines drive independently of the cogs and the engines do not work; 2) engines start to intervene when the speed rises to a certain threshold (40 km/h) and the engine further raises the speed as the main power source; 3) they move normally
Under conditions, engine energy is transferred to electrical power through electric power generation 1 and stored in batteries; (4) engine and engine 2 together provide driving power for vehicles through planetary gear systems, in case of an acceleration or a lack of engine power, in case of an emergency or accelerator condition; (5) when oil is loose or brakes are stepped down.
Engines are shut down, wheel inertia drives engine 2 motion, reversible to battery charge. Planetary gear lift systems transfer accuracy, speed and longevity, patent barrier protection. Planetary gear decelerations have a huge advantage over normal parallel axle gear decelerations, first of all, because of their mobility accuracy and the strength of their parts.
A tight structural form ensures considerable accuracy during the movement and external output torque, which reduces material wear and tear due to the error in the transmission, and ensures the life and reliability of the deceleration gear. Secondly, the number of planetary gears on the three do not increase the size of the deceleration gear, but rather significantly reduces the load of spare parts while the work is going on.
In addition, it adds to the rigidity of the institution by making the whole institution “intellectual.” Toyota has patented the entire planetary wheel system and related structures, so other manufacturers need to bypass the Toyota technical barriers in other ways to achieve an efficient mix.
3.3. Create a new mix of power poles - Hondai-mmd system, bypassing the Toyota patent barrier to achieve fuel efficiency and better power performance compared to the Toyota threshold. In 2014, Yakotsu, which carries Honda hybrid technology i-mmd (intelliggentmultimediadrive), was officially listed as Toyota.
In 2017, Honda introduced the third generation of i-mmd technology, which rose from 38.9% to 40.6%.
Figure 21: Third generation i-mmd technical parameters and mode of work: The Honda i-mmd hybrid system has three driving modes: 1) when vehicles are in low speed mode, vehicles enter electric power mode, engines stop working, electric power drive vehicle
Vehicle forwards; 2) vehicles enter hybrid drive mode when the speed accelerates or climbs; engines charge for batteries with maximum power power to drive electric machines; 3) vehicles enter motor drive mode when the vehicle enters a high-speed cruise, motors drive forward directly through a combination of clutches; 4) when the vehicle slows down or downs, wheels drive power to power the motor.
Reverse charge of the pool for energy recovery. Simple structure, increased reliability, and a much lower full-car cost. i-mmd makes the engine always work in the best working areas, direct-drive vehicles only when high-speed cruises take place, and the whole structure is close to a chain-to-mix.
I-mmd has very little direct involvement in power output, and more often, power output by electric motors, depending on battery power during high-speed cruises.
Switches between engine-driven and pure power-driven mode. When a high-speed cruise requires a rapid acceleration, a hybrid-driven mode is used, i.e., the engine recharges the battery at full capacity, whereas the motor output is at maximum power. Because of the power output properties of the electric motor, the following graph shows (first generation i-mmd parameters, relevant parameters)
There is a difference: the electric motors, after reaching maximum power output of 124kw, drops down with the speed of the turnover. According to official data on the gear ratio, the electric motor speed of the locomotive should be 6563/min at 96km/h, at which point the speed of the speed of the pedals should be accelerated, into hybrid mode, and the electric torque should be around 181 nm, far away.
Lower than the peak torque 307 nm, which is the main reason why i-mmd technology is complaining about the low reacceleration performance of high-speed cruises. 3.4. P2.5 single-voltage option achieved through a two-way-coupled converter box — Gilleepro technology is different from the power diversion of the Toyotaths system and the combination of binoculars in Honda, and Giliepro technology benefits.
Combining with the combinator's own coupling properties is achieved through a single-electric and even-digit p2.5 structure, through which epro can achieve multiple modes of driving: 1)ev mode, 1/2 break-up of the clutch and motor drive the vehicle forward; 2) hybrid drive mode, internal combustion
Machine drives odd axes, electric motor drives even axes, two input axes jointly drive output axes forward. Or engines and electric machines drive even axes simultaneously and drive vehicles forward through block selection; 3) engine-drive mode, when the gearbox is purely a double-ion-concorded converter, engine-drivers, motor-motivated generator charged to a battery, if not needed
The main advantages of the p2.5 option are: 1) the use of the fuel vehicle ' s existing two-way converter tanks without the need to add additional components, such as clutches, and to be easy to fabricate.
(ii) Power output is increased by the speed of the transformer box, resulting in a reduced torque requirement and a lower cost, with a single torque of only 40 kw and 130 nm having a torque power. The single engine is unable to decoup with the wheel and the pure phase acceleration is weak. epro sets of systems are achieved through a single torque.
Drivers, power generation, and start-up functions, with no bsg power units. Lower costs also bring down certain disadvantages: 1) single power units cannot decoup with wheels and, in low-speed conditions, increase engine efficiency, thereby increasing fuel consumption, and 2) low motor power, resulting in less power and slower acceleration during the pure power phase.
3.5. Performance, economic dual platform development - Biadidm-p/dm-i hybrid technology - Biadi launched the first-generation hybrid technology dm1.0 in 08 and has evolved to dm3.0, divided from dm3.0 to two main platforms dm-p and dm-i, respectively.
P0+p4 binary four-drive structure, dm-p provides a strong power. The dm-p structure adjusts the engine to the most efficient areas by using a high performance bsg engine in the front axis. The backaxis combines the ground with the engine to provide accelerated power for vehicles, with a system power of up to 321kw, bringing about a 100-km acceleration of 4.7 s.
dm-p platform has five main working models: 1)ev pure power mode, engine not working, p4 power drive vehicle forward; 2) serial mode, engine-driven bsg charger, p4 power drive vehicle forward; 3) combined mode, engine-p4 power drive vehicle forward at this time maximum power; 4) high-speed mode, engine-drive vehicle ahead
The dm-i platform is a new technology route drawn by Biadi on dm3.0 platform, the primary fuel economy, which is not yet fully released, but only the engine and infrastructure.
The platform, Biadi, developed a 1.5-l Atkinson cycle engine, deactivated all wheels, electrified compressors, water pumps, triggers, etc., added egr waste gas recycling and eliminated exhaust vvt, which turned the jet into an ARM jet, generating up to 43% heat efficiency.
Figure 25: "Rock Clouds" with 1.5l engine efficiency Figure 26: dm-i platform infrastructure structure different from dm-p, e-cvt as a core element. Dm-i is different from the currently published base structure.
The dm-p based on the p0+p4 structure, using a binary grid similar to Hondai-mmd and a combined structure e-cvt, replaced the six-synchronous converters in the dm-p program, the specific mode of operation of which has not yet been announced.
The vehicles are phev-structured, equipped with power cells around 10 kwh, and have a pure power mileage of over 50 km. 3.6. Breaking the monopoly of joint branding technology, with economic and power-driven advantage of a “lemon” dht 3.6.1. High-intensity binocular coupling to achieve full-scale user coverage
The lemon mix dht system provides a balance between the economy and the dynamics of the fuel on the whole site, with engines, two-slotd axis transmission tanks, tm/gm bins, tm/gm double power controllers, and a high-integration " seven-in-one " binocular coupling programme of the dc-dc unit, which can cover a wide range of working modes such as pure electricity, collusion, collusion, kinetic energy recovery, etc.
1)ev mode, pure electrical driving experience, engine and wheel coupling, tm electric motors directly drive wheels; 2) interlocking mode, applicable to urban scenes, engine-driven gm power charger, tm electric motors directly drive wheels; 3) and combined model, medium-high-speed scenario, engine-driven direct-drive wheels, gm electric machines and tm motors are responsible for engine control
Workpoints and auxiliary driving wheels, keeping engines in high-efficiency areas; 4) energy recovery mode, with brake/slow scenes applied, tm power generators in reverse for energy recovery. 3.6.2. 2 architectures + 3 power units combined to meet diverse user needs
"Lemon dht" mixed system with two power cells with two different capacities: 1.8 kwh and 45kwh, with two structures: hev and phev, with two user groups applying to different scenarios, respectively. The two engines of 1.5l/1.5t +dht100/dht130, with two transformer boxes + p4 combined, can make up the power of the system 140/240/320kw, respectively
3.6.3. Breaking the corporate brand technology monopoly to compensate for Honda ' s i-mmd programme. "Lemon mixer dht" is fully autonomously designed, developed and developed by the Great Wall ' s vehicles with fully autonomous intellectual property rights.
The new structure, which breaks the technological monopoly of the joint venture brand in this area, allows the economic and kinetic performance test results of the new binocular capping structure to be superior to those of the market’s mainstream cascade, chaining and power partitioning structures.
Figure 34: Honda ' s i-mmd structure Widening engine drive and modulating i-mmd high-speed re-accelerated shorts. The i-mmd structure in the current market is similar to that of Lemon dht, both by binoculars and clutches
, the "Lemon dht" system was added to a fixed axis two-swipe changebox, allowing the engine to drive on a wider scale than i-mmd, allowing the whole car to be more economical and dynamic. The engine was only involved in power generation when it was not in i-mmd mode, and the "Lemon dht" hybrid mode engine and electric power.
Co-drivers, thus achieving better motivation, effectively compensate for the low speed re-acceleration of i-mmd. 3.6.4. Auto-brand-driven dual-power hev program, leading the industry to self-empowerment, started in 2010 with the exclusion of hev from state subsidies for new energy vehicles, although it has experienced subsidies.
But domestic producers, apart from the solar system, have generally chosen the hev type of the phev single motor program, which has a pure power mile of more than 50 km. The Great Wall “Lemon dht” hybrid system, which was first introduced as an autonomous brand, has the hev program, which accurately covers the target customers, and the fuel consumption and power are better than the competitive ones, improving the energy matrix of its own product, and introducing it.
4. Profit forecasts and investment ratings are based on the following core assumptions.
The four comparable companies in the Great Walla share have an average valuation of 45/31/25. Given that the “Lemon dht” hybrid technology breaks the monopoly of joint ventures, economics and motivation are all superior, and the acceleration of national production substitution is accelerated, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
If the global epidemic is under-controlled, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery in demand for vehicles. The recovery in demand for vehicles is lower than expected.
Autonomous brand suv price battles exceed expectations. If an autonomous brand suv pattern price battles exceed expectations, they will affect the single-car sales price and the Māori rate of the Great Wall ' s auto suv business.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board