Company evaluation study — Non-ferrous metal industry Aluminium Oxide driver company performance, industrial chain leader advantage, Chinese aluminium (60160.sh)
China's aluminium industry published three-quarterly reports in 2018, and the company achieved business income of $12,571.7 million in the first three quarters of 2018, a 10.25 per cent decrease in the same year; achieved net profits attributable to the parent company; and (i) increased prices for resonant aluminium oxide, both within and outside the country, underpinned the company's performance
During the reporting period, the country was under environmental pressure, the supply of bauxite in Shanxi and Henan was strained, and the raw material limited the production of aluminium oxide in the country for a short period of time. Overseas was affected by events such as the shutdown of production in Hedru, the US-Aluminium strike in Western Australia, and the Russian aluminium sanctions.
This increase resulted in the reversal of domestic and foreign prices for aluminium oxide and the opening of domestic export windows for aluminium oxide, which further exacerbated the shortage of domestic supply of aluminium oxide. The average price of aluminium oxide in 2018q3 increased by 10.74 per cent over the same period, and the ring increased by 5.42 per cent to $3115 per tonne.
Aluminium oxide taps, the company produces 3.29 million tons of aluminium oxide in the third quarter, an increase of 6.82 per cent in the same year; tons, an increase of 35.66 per cent in the same year; and the average export price of self-produced aluminium oxide, an increase of 6.49 per cent in the same year. In addition, the company produces 1.06 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in the same quarter.
The export price of self-produced electrolytic aluminium is $14,534 per tonne, a decrease of 4.97 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, the mining agreement, which entered into force on 31 August, for the company ' s 750 million yuan investment in the Guinean buffa bauxite project, will begin construction on 28 October and will become Chinese bauxite overseas after 10-16 months of construction.
The construction of a further 2 million tons of aluminium-level oxide production project in Guangxi City Bay, with an investment of $5.8 billion, began on 28 September to achieve a strategic transfer from the interior to the port, and the Chinese project will produce buffa from Guinea.
There are significant advantages in reducing environmental costs, transport costs, regional sales, etc. The Division continues to add codes upstream in the aluminium industry, providing industry with a comparative advantage in the supply and cost control base of a company’s future electrolytic aluminium production, its profitability and resistance to aluminium price cycles.
We believe that this year, with the frequency of events in and around the world, aluminium oxide is in a state of shortage, and the price of aluminium oxide will continue to support the company’s performance at a high level. And after the state has reformed the supply side of the electrolytic aluminium industry to remove its infractions, and to tighten controls on the addition of new production capacity, the country will be able to increase its capacity.
The energy ceiling for electrolytic aluminium is clear that the company’s dominance as an electrolytic aluminum locomotive will continue to expand. We expect that the company’s (1) prices for electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide will fall sharply; and (3) the energy costs of raw materials will rise significantly.