China's aluminium industry (601,600) non-ferrous metals perform well as expected, and the industry's margins are good, and the future profitability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is good.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2018, resulting in operating income of $125,720 million in the first three quarters, a 10.25 per cent decrease from the same period; net profit on return to mothers of $1.50 billion, an increase of 11.02 per cent from the same period; reduced revenue from the contraction of the trading plate, and increased production and sales of aluminium-led aluminium oxide in the first three seasons. (1) Net profit on return to mothers of $1.5 billion, an increase of 11.02 per cent from the same period.
The company ' s significant reduction in its trade operations with lower profit margins gradually shifted its focus to higher value-added products, from a larger share of the company ' s operating income in the previous year being derived from the trading plate, resulting in a decline in current revenue; (2) factors such as increased production and sales and higher prices, with the company ' s overall Māori ratio increasing by 0.73 per cent over the previous year.
Government subsidies drive a substantial increase in non-recurrent gains and losses and a decline in non-net profits on a year-to-year basis. In the first three quarters of the company, the non-regular gains and losses amounted to $739 million, mainly due to the amount of government grants that account for current gains and losses, which amounted to $597 million.
Marketized bonds are expected to reduce the corporate asset-liability rate. On July 31, the company announced a trade-off deal on the issue of share-purchases to be purchased from eight well-known institutions, such as Wah Hon Ri-Tung, Chinese life expectancy, investment parity, and Nin Da, China.
Once the deal is complete, the company will again hold 100% of the equity of the four subsidiaries, and the current high asset-liability rate is expected to be reduced, while the financial costs will be reduced by the conversion of the debt. This debt conversion is important for the company to improve its performance and optimize the lightening of the asset structure.
The company’s aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium plate, is expected to grow in the long term. The aluminium oxide plate: the overseas supply is tightening with the country’s environmental limits, the aluminium oxide supply is well balanced and is expected to be high and stable; the electrolytic aluminium plate: with the aluminum in stock.
The price of electrolytic aluminium is expected to rise before the cost of a resonance of rising costs caused by the continuous decline in the volume product tap (2018-08-17) and the increase in the price of raw materials. Companies are expected to continue to benefit as domestic alumina oxidates and the whole industry chain layout.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.