The combined Māori rate has remained stable, and the policy warming-friendly company valuations have been restored with a slight drop in the three-quarters impact on the rest of the season, and it has been argued that the decline in corporate revenue has been mainly affected by the 531 PV New Deal.
The installation of 10.2gw (yoy-47.95%) resulted in a double price drop in the inverser as a result of a dramatic change in demand, which affected both the company ' s principal revenue and the Māori rate, resulting in an overall underperformance during the low q3 season. The business layout was effective, and the combined Māori rate remained stable.
In the face of the poor performance of the conventional primary photovoltaic converter, the company’s business, through power station systems integration and storage capacity, has fully smoothed the volatility of the Maori rate due to the fall in the price of the inverter. This year, the storage business will be the fastest growing business for the company, with $119 million to the storage capacity of the 2018h1, and we will be able to do so in accordance with the order.
It is expected that more than 400 million harvests will be achieved throughout the year; power station system integration operations will benefit from a rapid decline in the price of components, a return in the Māori rate on schedule with maintenance of scale, a 23.54 per cent Māori rate of 2018h1, an increase of 1.95 percentage points over the same period last year; and a rapid growth in the power and control of new energy vehicles will continue.
The company, which is dominated by major car factory customers such as Jiang bell, Dong Feng, Jiang Huai, and Chiré, is expected to earn more than $100 million a year in 2018, an increase of nearly 100% over the same period. A significant increase in the cost rate will erode net profits, and it is expected to stabilize gradually in the future.
The decline in net corporate profits has been exceeded. The increase in corporate sales costs is mainly due to the increase in sales staff and the company’s business expansion efforts; the increase in management costs is mainly due to a significant increase in research and development costs, employee remuneration, and equity incentives.
The company’s short-term operations were significantly influenced by the 531 PV New Deal, but the Māori rate remained stable. Sunshine Power reported a six-month review: high operating cash flow.
The Māori rate of integrated power station systems has increased less than expected; the company's storage capacity has increased less than expected; the Sun Power (300274) is being evaluated; and the Sun Power (300274) is being evaluated.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City