Cash flow and export performance were excellent, with three quarters of net profit increasing by 196 per cent on the same year, cars, commercial cars, billions of dollars on the same year, +703.1 per cent on the same year, and net profit loss on the other hand amounted to $780 million; by the end of the quarter, 2303.
Total revenues of $7.84 billion, +61.4 per cent, ring + 4.0 per cent, resulted in a net return to the mother of $580 million, corresponding to an increase in the same volume; 2) Utong exports increased significantly from overseas in line with continued demand accumulations of product competitiveness. The same ratio of +3.4 pt, ring +2.8 pt, disassembly of Utsong profit ring increases for the following reasons: 1) rate
The economies of scale reflect Utsun 2303 sales/management/research and development/financial rates of 7162 vehicles exported by the Utsong Grand Lieutenant General in January-September respectively, compared to +139 per cent, and high-profit export operations boosted overall gains and gains; in addition, companies performed very well in their cash flows, with currency funds of $6.67 billion as of the previous three quarters.
A net profit of $1.05 billion; a revenue of around $730,000 from a 2303-wire bus trip; an increase in the ring ratio (high single-price export model) and a net profit of $54,000 for a bicycle (q23,000); and a global high-to-low passenger leader with the prospect of a return to cycles and growth. 1) Recovery of domestic demand: economic recovery
Against this background, our seat (release of travel needs) and bus sales are expected to rebound; 2) Export speed: according to 01ca, in 22 years, there were around 200,000 large and medium-sized overseas passenger sales, and new energy penetration rates were estimated.
Less than 10%, compared to the country's higher penetration and uplift space. 3) Woo-tung: The export market created an innovative model called "Technology, "Technology, "Travel Quantities (600066.sh) - Second Quarter, with net profits continuing upwards plus services exports", to capture the new energy development window from overseas and continue to break through the "manufacturing +".
(a) The Woo-tungbus (600066.sh) - Analysis of the Value of the Core Investment at Current Node - Marketing of Products — “Model Services Plus Solutions” is upgraded and competitiveness continues to rise;
Overseas deployments have gradually expanded from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., to well-developed regions of the passenger-car industry, including Europe, promoting industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, and are expected to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources abroad.
Woo-tung’s domestic risk management + preferred market improvement is expected to improve the company’s domestic profits. The investment proposal is to maintain the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the continued release of hundreds of millions of dollars from overseas orders.
Long; 2) Utun exports have grown significantly as the product’s competitiveness continues to accumulate demand. Utun’s 2303 Mäori ratio is 23.2%, corresponding to 1.0 ptt, ring ratio - 0.3 pt (expected to be a slight decrease in the export of q3 electric vehicles as a percentage of overall sales); net interest rate is 7.4%, corresponding to 3.4 pt, ring ratio + 2.8 pt, dismantling Utsun’s profit ring.
The reasons for this increase are as follows: 1) the benefit of the scale of the rates is reflected in the following: Utun 23q3 sales/management/research and development/financial rates, respectively, with the same ratio +139 per cent, with high-profit export operations increasing overall profitability; the company ' s cash flow was also excellent, with currency funds of $6.67 billion as of 2303 (net profit of $1.05 billion in the previous three quarters); and the revenue of the 2303 bus bicycles.
Around $730,000, ring upturn (high single-value export vehicle-type uplift) and net single-car profit of $54,000 (q2 as figure 2: corporate income and growth in the first quarter of the year) Figure 3: Corporate net profit and increase
Figure 4: Company single-quarter net profit and rate of increase Figure 5: Company Māori rate and net interest rate Figure 6: Company single-quarter Māori rate and net interest rate
Figure 7: Annual rate of four fees, Figure 8: Quarterly rate of four costs, Figure 9: Collection of Quarterbuses (Billion Dollars)
Figure 10: Net profit of the Uttarbus bicycle (millions of dollars) Combination of data on the bus industry and Utsong operations: overall car split, September 2023, 3,567, equal to +42.1 per cent; three major details
The market was impressive, with sales of large/medium/light passenger vehicles of 210/1001/459, respectively, compared with the month of the month of the month of the same year, when the cumulative sales of the Utron passenger vehicle were 26,275 and +38.5 per cent; the cumulative sales of the large/medium passenger vehicle of 13,818/8956 and +98.4 per cent/+19.4 per cent respectively.
Large- and medium-sized passenger vehicles: 3108 vehicles sold in Wootung in September 2023, i.e. 57.3 per cent of the year; 98220 vehicles sold in 2023q3, i.e. 82.1 per cent of the year; and cumulative large and medium passenger vehicles in January-September 2023, i.e., monthly sales of Utun medium- and medium-sized passenger vehicles (a vehicle)
Figure 14: Monthly sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (one vehicle) Figure 15: Utong passenger vehicles medium-sized and medium-sized light quarterly sales (one vehicle) Figure 17: Utong medium-sized passenger vehicles annual sales (million)
Figure 18: Annual sales of Woo-tung ' s medium-sized passenger vehicles (millions) with a significant increase in the share of the city of Woo-tung ' s share in the industry. Industry sales: bus market in September 2023, cumulative sales of 65371 buses over 6 metres in January-September 2023, compared to +20.5% in September 2023.
The sharp increase in sales in September further boosted the accumulated market share, with the cumulative market for passenger vehicles of over 6 metres in Wootung in January-September 2023. Figure 20: Cumulative sales (vehicles) and shares (%) of passenger vehicles of over 6 metres in Wootong and industry.
Of the 30840 vehicles exported, +49.2 per cent, of which 7,177 were exported from large/medium passenger vehicles, +134.8 per cent from large/medium passenger vehicles, + 6089/1064 from large/medium passenger vehicles, +194.5 per cent/+15.5 per cent from the same date.
In the context of a “one-way” environment, Woo-tung's overseas market is moving well and is expected to make a sustained contribution. Overseas operations are expanding continuously, and the technology-plus service export model is moving well. By the first half of 2023, companies have exported more than 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types, with products sold far away to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Angola, Mexico, and the United States.
Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, and other major countries and areas of global bus demand. In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers.
The company has cumulatively exported more than 3.70 million new energy passenger vehicles, forming bulk sales and operating well in more than 30 countries or regions abroad, such as Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc., while the company operates from “manufacture-plus-marketing” companies.
In 2022, the largest electric vehicle station in the world was inaugurated in Lussel, and authorized to manage maintenance services, and was installed through an internationalized transport team, responsible for the pdi inspection of electric vehicles, daily maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc.
In more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, localization of the kd assembly mode to achieve an innovative business model from product exports to “technology exports”.
In October, 126 Woo-tung new energy buses were delivered to Denmark, and the opening of overseas markets continued to deepen. In the “one-way” landscape, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions, demand for the bus industry is expected to grow steadily, while new energy buses are recognized by society.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and technological advances in new energy vehicles continue to rise: 126 new Woo-tung energy sources were delivered to Denmark at the beginning of October, and these pure electric buses are now being invested.
With the delivery of the main urban mainlines in the capital cities of Copenhagen, Heining, Roskill and Odense, Woo-Tung will have 500 electric buses in the Danish market, becoming the country's largest new energy passenger vehicle provider, and Denmark will thus be the country with the largest electric passenger vehicle holdings in Europe.
One of them. With high reliability, low failure rates, low energy consumption, good ratings from Danish clients, after more than two years of operation in the Danish market, vehicles have been fully certified in all their aspects, and Woo-tung has gradually established his foot in the Danish market, achieving a significant breakthrough from zero to one, showing a strong “China-manufactured” resilience.
To date, Woo-tung has become Denmark’s first pure, with more than 50% of its electric passenger vehicles. On 4 July, Woo-tung held a Chinese passenger bus batching ceremony in Kazakhstan. Once again, the Woo-tung bus was imported into Kazakhstan with a total of 224 vehicles; the first 50 buses were on the line, 20 of which were 18 metres pure.
Electric passenger vehicles, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicles in Kazakhstan so far. This batch of purely electric passenger vehicles can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main road, which is combined to the main road, and continues as much as 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for the green and sustainable development of the capital of Kazakhstan.
In early April, according to the Bus Information Network, after the delivery of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, 150 first-ever buses from Kazakhstan arrived in Karakanda region, qaztehna.
On 16 February, Yu-Tung announced that he had ordered 550 Saudi Arabian buses, of which 300 medium- and high-end buses c13pro (zk6138h) had been handed over to the Saudi Garden City - Riyadh, with 250 remaining.
The delivery will continue in April/May. 300 high-end road buses delivered will be shipped to Li Yadh’s long-range public transport line. The Utong bus has been in the Saudi market for the first time since 2006 for 17 years, building a Chinese-made brand image and market slogan.
On 2 March, Woo-tung announced the first delivery of the 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan, creating a new record of China's exports to Uzbek buses, the largest new energy passenger vehicle order since this year. The order is 300 pure electric and 500 congs of natural gas, and is expected to be renewed in the interior of the country.
On the basis of the core “3 power” technology, Wootong offers Uzbekistan a customized product solution, creates a permanent local post-sales specialist team, organizes regular training for client drivers and occasional follow-up on-line guidance, and stores nearly $130,000 in local spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles, first of all
Uzbekistan, which has introduced the second-largest number of new energy buses, will, with Utun's help, move public transport, power, low-carbon transformation, with a total of 301 new Utun energy vehicles and Utton vehicles occupying the electric transport service in Mexico City.
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8 per cent; in September 22, Mexico City, Mexico City, the first high-speed bus line was officially operational, and the circuits were made by Utopia. Looking ahead, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions, etc.
This will take place on schedule, and it is expected that there will be a sustained recovery in demand in the passenger-car industry, while the demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as the recognition of the new energy passenger-car community increases, as environmental protection requirements, international image-raising and advances in new energy vehicle technology, and economics, among other things.