At the end of the day, the value of robust growth will return to the Sanxi Coal industry (601225).
The company issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 2018, in which it achieved operating income of $41.13 billion, an increase of $1.73 billion, or 4.38 per cent, over the reporting period; realized net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $8.86 billion, an increase of $800 million, or 9.86 per cent, over the same period; achieved a basic per share gain of $0.89, \triangleright
This represents an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period; three quarters of 27.35 million tons of coal produced by the company, which is almost equal to 4.7 per cent over the same period; 36.6 million tons of coal sold, which is an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period, an increase of 10.2 per cent over the same period; and a decrease of 1.4 per cent over the same period in the combined price of coal sold by the company, while the cost of sales of tons of coal was affected by the increase in the cost of out-coal purchases, which was 2.6 per cent to 183 yuan over the same period.
The impact of the increase in the cost of coal in the ton was estimated at 202 yuan per ton of coal in the reporting period, a decrease of 4.7 per cent in the same period. Overall, during the reporting period, the company benefited from an increase in the volume of production and sales, with coal plates achieving a combined sales revenue of 39.3 billion yuan, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year and a marginal increase of 0.5 per cent in the amount of $20.6 billion in the same period.
The reduction in the settlement level has resulted in reduced transport costs; the financial cost of $70 million, or 64.8% less than the previous year, was due mainly to lower loan interest payments resulting from the company’s repayment of part of the loan. The small margin, the impending launch of the beach, will be available in the future.
\triangleright production reduction, inter-provincial transfer, etc., has accelerated the pace of the conversion of production capacity and obtained 21 million tonnes/year approvals for mine No. 1 and mine No. 2 and Yuan.
The mine is expected to be operational by the end of August 2019, with a contribution of about 4 million tons in that year; the Yuan Beach mine is now in a joint commissioning phase, with a contribution of 2 to 3 million tons this year, with an equity yield of about 1 million tons, taking into account the return on investment. As the mine returns to production in the next two years, the Monhua Railway will break the traffic bottlenecks. With the opening of the Monhua Railway and the Jingse Railway, the rail transport system in the north will be greatly improved.
The proportion of coal resources sold by companies to the region will increase significantly in the coming years. Given that the cost of electricity in the region is much higher than the national and western averages, and that the company's coal out-carriage will be converted from road to rail transport, there will be a significant reduction in freight costs, and the sale of coal from the North will be on average.
In order to fully safeguard the interests of companies and investors, stabilize investors’ expectations, enhance market confidence, promote a reasonable return in the value of the company’s shares, and the company intends to buy back its shares with its own funds.
Since the coal industry’s supply-side reforms, corporate profitability has been improving, asset-debt ratios have been falling, and future capital spending will gradually decline, and the potential for high future dividends will be enormous.
At a time when the coal industry in Shaanxi province is far less productive than in other major coal-producing provinces, the industry needs to be integrated, and the Xanxi industry, as the only coal resource platform on the market in Shaanxi province, has a very strong resource integration capacity to look forward to the company’s future expansion through mergers, in the context of the pace of reforms by state companies.
\triangleright maintains a “strongly recommended” rating of 7x, 6x, and 6x, respectively. Coal prices have fallen sharply, macroeconomics have fallen, and the development of mines is not as fast as expected.
Chang Yang is the fourth in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invested in Tianyang Real Estate today.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies