• Investment rating: buy-in (first time) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company started in the field of fine chemical day-to-day chemistry, and for 10 years, the market for deep-dry electrolyte was stable at the first level, with the city accounting for 27 per cent in 2020.
The company selects lithium hexafluorate, which has a higher cost ratio, and additives that vary from cost to cost, with a targeted integrated layout, and builds a circular industry chain that creates a cost advantage, with a Māori ratio higher than that of its peers. The company produces a liquid hexafluoride, compared to a solid hexafluoride.
In addition to the production advantage, the requirements for liquid hexafluoride transport are lower than the requirements for solid hexafluoride transport, and are configured into electrolytes.
The process is easier to mix and avoid the heat problems of solid resolution and easier to use. • Multi-base layout and high-quality R & D optimize client services.
The company has a large number of electrolyte plants, three teams of precision inputs to meet clients’ rapid response needs; more than 300 people’s research and development teams provide research support, and there are plenty of electrolyte formulations. The company and downstream advantage clients have maintained good cooperative relationships, and the quantity of electrolytic fluids delivered has steadily increased.
The higher prices of upstream raw materials support the cost of the electrolyte, of which lithium hexafluoride is a cost advantage of 120 million dollars per annum. The electrolyte is the original product of the formulation.
The cost of electrolysis fluids in batteries is growing steadily, optimizing the product structure to expand production capacity, and our solar industry is growing at a higher rate than the global rate, maintaining double-digit growth over the years, and companies are doing the same.
There has been steady growth. The company’s new long-distance base has expanded the transfer of existing production capacity and the expansion of the product category at the Guangzhou base, significantly expanding the product structure of new products represented by amino acid surfactants. Product prices have fallen below expectations; new energy vehicles have not developed as much as expected.
1. " Lithium Power Research in the Huaan Securities New Energy Industry " , High Three-Standed Nickel and Lithium Phosphate-Four New Energy Lithium Batteries Report Series 2021-
The company started in the field of fine-chemistry day-to-day, deep-dryed electrolyte market for 10 years, and the commercial model of a stable industry determined the cost and customer's core competitiveness. The electrolyte formulation was the core of the battery, which was done in cooperation with the battery plant and the electrolyte plant. The electrolyte needed both to be involved in the battery.
The electrochemical response with both positive and negative poles is critical to the electrochemical performance of the entire battery, and the development and upgrading of the material system will also require a combination of electrolytic fluids. Under the collaborative R & D model, since the formulation is largely in the hands of the battery plant, the difference is mainly in cost and customer service.
In addition to the costs, account is taken of the stability of supply and the speed of response associated with the distribution of capacity. The model of collaborative research and development has resulted in closer linkages and stronger partnerships between suppliers and customers, and growing together into head firms and high-quality customers is crucial for electrolyte producers.
The company selects a higher-cost ratio of lithium hexafluoride and a different-cost additive, develops a targeted integrated layout, builds a circular industry chain, creates a cost advantage, grosss the company produces a liquid hexafluoride, which has a significant cost advantage over solid hexafluoride, and makes it easier to use it.
Liquid hexafluoride is less advanced than solid hexafluoride in production processes than crystallized processes, and there is an advantage in process routes, with cost advantages in terms of unit investment and the utilization of raw materials. Companies are building liquid hexafluoride with less than 16,000 tonnes of capacity, which is significantly lower than firm and peer solid projects.
The advantage is that the requirements for the transport of liquid hexafluoride are lower than those for solid hexafluoride, that it is easier to mix into an electrolyte and avoids the heat problems of solid solution, and that it is easier to use.
Rapid response to demand; research support from more than 300 R & D teams, with abundant reserves of electrolyte formulations. Thanks to advantageous client services and research and development capabilities, companies and downstream advantage clients have maintained good partnerships, electricity has steadily increased the volume of decomposition fluids, and real lithium research data show that the company delivered 70,000 tons in 2020.
The electrolyte industry has a relatively stable pattern, with competitive champions in the future as overseas markets develop and overseas customers introduce. Higher prices for upstream raw materials support the cost of the electrolyte, of which hexafluoride supports.
The price of lithium phosphate per $10,000 per ton increases the company’s annual cost advantage of 120 million yuan, while the company’s layout is high, the additive lifsi reduces production costs. The cost of electrolyte in batteries is about 0.027-0.040/wh, or only 5%, and the price-fixing model for the products of the formulation allows for a smooth increase in the price of raw materials.
The company’s day-to-day operations are growing steadily, and the distance-base structure optimizes the product-type structure to expand its capacity. From the entire industrial chain, the company is upstream as a chemical raw material, downstream as a solar factory, such as Pocahontas, Olya, etc.
There are similarities to the electrolyte business, and it is important to cooperate with clients in the development and development of product formulations and new products.
The growth rate is higher than the global rate, maintaining double-digit growth over the years, and firm-related business is growing steadily. The company has established a new remote base, expanded the transfer of existing production capacity from the Guangzhou base and expanded the product class, greatly expanding the product structure of the new product, represented by amino acid surfactants; the location of the site is close to a growing customer, with a geographical advantage.
The project achieved an average annual operating income of 2,162 million yuan and a net profit of 241 million yuan after the end of the year. Positive operations were light-loaded, and the focus on iron phosphate was expected to be lost.
Large amounts of assets have been devalued, lithium carbonate prices are now stable, and the associated assets continue to have low downward pressure. The Ministry is now focusing on the iron phosphate chain, which has direct synergies with the six-fluoride and electrolyte operations, with 30,000 tons of phosphorus and 2-day electrolyte taps.
2.1 In the field of precision chemical day-chemistry, 10 years of deep-farming electrolyte market, 10 years of deep-fertilized electrolyte market, leading to electrolyte taps. The company was established in 2000 to provide raw materials and formulations for solar chemical manufacturers.
In 2004, the company began research and development of the lithium ion cell electrolyte, and in 2010 it completed the lithium cell electrolyte production line in Jiang Xijiang. In 2014, the company placed a tag on its master plate. Before this, the company ' s annual output of the electrolyte product was the highest in the domestic market.
In 2016, a non-public stock was released and the solar amino acid and ion cellulose workshops were officially launched.
New lithium salt lifei output, major breakthroughs in technology, breakthroughs in three-dimensional high voltage and nickel electrolytic fluid formulations, successful deployment of the tc-e863# series of continuous amino acid response projects from all the nine rivers.
The stock structure is clear, and Mr. Seo Kim-fu, Chairman and Managing Director, has been working for many years in the fine chemicals industry. Mr. Seo Kim Fook graduated from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1987 with a master's degree in chemistry, created in 1988 the Blue Moon's predecessor, Domino-chemistry, and has worked for more than 30 years in the industry, with a deep and sophisticated chemical product.
In 2000, Mr. Xu Jinfu created the company's predecessor, Guangzhou, which is the company's first shareholder and actual controller. In 2009, the company entered into a strategic alliance with the Manchurian Group.
In addition, Lin Fei is the spouse of the sister of Xu Jinfu, and Xu Kim Fu is the brother of Xu Kim Fu.
The company is now operating in Guangzhou, Tianjin, Xijiang, Anhui, and Ningde. Of these, Xijiang has provided approximately 3,000 acres of land, where some of the electrolytes and solar products are concentrated, and the Xijiang base provides supplementary production for Xijiang.
Yes. In addition, the company has three production bases under construction, Fukuoka, Xiaoyang and Europe (Czech Republic). 2.2 The electrolyte profits have improved, and the solar industry has grown steadily, by 37.24% compared to the same period last year. In 2019, the company ' s net return to the mother was only $163 million a year, compared to the previous year.
Losses, and significant impairments in assets due to the decline in inventory prices such as lithium quartz. With light clothing and improved electrolyte profitability, solarization benefited from the epidemic, with a net profit of 518 million yuan for 2020q1-3, an increase of 476 per cent.
The cost of managing sales has declined steadily, with a double recovery in net profit of 2020q1-3.
In 2016-2020h1, the company collected more than 50% of its products as a contribution to the electrolyte product.
Since 2017, the price of the market for the electrolyte fluids has been improving, leading to a decline in the company ' s Māori rate for lithium battery materials in 2016-2018. In the last two years, as the price of the electrolyte fluids has stabilized and the company ' s production costs for the electrolytic fluids have consistently decreased, the Māori rate for lithium battery materials has recovered, reaching 29.54 per cent for 2020h1, of which the electrolyte fluids are found.
The business Māori rate reached 32.6 per cent in the first half of 2020 and, due to epidemiological factors, the glue regulator needed to produce personal disinfection products - the Kapom market demand soared and the company ' s volume of products soared. As a result, during 2020h1, the company earned $669 million in daily business, an increase of 69.3 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate increased by 69.3 per cent.
The electrolyte is one of the key components of the battery, consisting mainly of solvents, lithium salt and additives.
The main role is to build an ion transfer channel between positive and negative poles within the battery, which is one of the four core lithium electric materials, consisting mainly of solvents, lithium salt and additives, of which the quality of solvents is about 80-90% of the electrolytic mass, while the additives are usually below 5% and the remaining 10-20% are partially lithium salt.
If it's a load charge, the most widely used lithium salt in the market now is lithium hexafluoride (lipf6), which has the advantages of high conductivity, high stability, and a wider electrochemical window. The presence of solvents allows the solution to melt lithium salt ion, which is subject to an extra electric field.
Most commonly used are carbonate-type solvents, such as carbonate dimethyl (dmc), carbonate diethylene (dec), carbonate acetylene (pc). Adders have a variety of functions, such as a membrane additive to form a passivated layer at the cell electrode and electrolyte interfaces that effectively prevent solvent molecules from turning to electrodes.
Destruction of materials, thereby increasing the battery ' s useful life; improvement of low-temperature additives can reduce electrolysis, sequestering points, improving the cell ' s dynamic properties at low temperatures; electrolytic liquid stabilizers can make it difficult for the electrolytic fluids to decompose or oxidize by air at the electric field. There are many other new lithium salts and solvents that are being developed.
The electrolytic solution development is the core of the battery development process, which is done by the battery plant and the electrolyte plant. The electrolyte is exposed to both positive and negative poles in the battery and requires both interfaces of the electrochemical response.
Its physico-chemical properties directly affect the operational life of lithium batteries, the speed of discharge and the range of application temperatures. The properties of the cells as a whole are essential for their electrochemical performance.
Thus, the development of electrolyte formulations is the core ring section of battery research and development, usually carried out in cooperation with battery and electrolyte manufacturers. Under the cooperative business model, costs and customer services become the core competitiveness of firms.
In the R & D process, since the formulation is largely owned by the battery plant, the differences are mainly in cost and customer service; the battery plant selects suppliers to take into account supply stability and responsiveness associated with the production of the energy layout, in addition to price costs.
And it's stronger, and growing together with high-quality customers is the most important cost advantage for the electrolyte plant to create core raw materials for the layout of 3.2 companies. Lithium hexafluoride is higher and the additive is higher in the electrolyte cost.
The cost of lithium acid is the highest, at around 30-45%, with some variations depending on the formula and price. Solvents include dmc, ec, dec, emc, etc., with total costs ranging from 40-60% to individual varieties, which vary depending on the formula. Adder cost is usually 0-30%.
Developments in technology trends such as pressurization and silicon, new demand for electrolyte systems being met mainly by the development of additives, with an upward trend in the cost ratio of additives. Companies have chosen a higher cost ratio of lithium hexafluoride and a higher cost ratio of lithium hexafluoride, with differentiated additives.
Integrated layout. The company has a targeted layout for the electrolyte, with a further upward extension of lithium hexafluoric acid at a higher cost than in the case of the electrolyte, and an addition with a differentiated cost increase, with synergies with existing operations. In the case of lithium hexafluoride, lithium carbonate has been placed upstream.
The additives can be divided into lithium salt additives and other additives, of which lithium salt additives and lithium hexafluoride share part of the raw materials, and other additives are also synergistic with the original business in the areas of sulphuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, etc.
The company owns 12,000 tonnes of lithium hexafluoride, 2300 tonnes of lifsi capacity and a large amount of in-progress capacity, which is expected to meet its primary demand for self-supply. The company currently has 12,000 tonnes of HFC, including 0.2 million tonnes of crystal and 30,000 tonnes of liquid HFC capacity; it has 96,000 tonnes of electrolyte. It has another 60,000 tonnes of liquid liquids.
In addition, the company lifsi produces 2300 tons of electrolyte for 230,000 tons, and in 21 years 6,300 tons for 630,000 tons of electrolyte for 630,000 tons. The company ' s own liquid liquid, lithium hexafluoride, has a cost advantage over solid hexafluoride and is more user-friendly.
In addition to the advantages of production costs, the requirements for the transport of liquid hexafluoride are lower than for solid hexafluoride, and are easier to mix and avoid during the configuration of an electrolyte solution.
The company ' s single-ton investment in liquid hexafluoride was significantly reduced and far lower than that of its peers. The company ' s one-ton investment in liquid hexafluoride project, which had been expanded in 2014, was $245 million, well below the firm ' s own solid projects in recent years.
In December 2019, the project for the construction of 150,000 tons of lithium electric materials included 60,000 tons of liquid hexafluoride, with a total investment of $319.5 million, equivalent to less than 16,000 tons of liquid hexafluoride, which is a significant reduction from the project announced in 2014.
The company uses a sulfate cycle in the production of lithium hexafluoride, avoiding the production of by-products of fluorofluoride, which has resulted in significant savings in raw material costs. Lithium hexafluoride is mainly based on hydrofluoric acid, lithium source, and phosphorus source.
As a by-product, the company uses the sulphuric acid cycle in its production processes to avoid the generation of fluorinated by-products. 2.4 tonnes/ton of hydrofluoride per ton were disclosed in the interstellar shares, and only 0.8 tonnes per ton per ton of hydrofluoride, converted at 0.91 million/ton prices, based on the material balance chart in the company ' s EPR.
Fluorine cost savings of 14.6 million tonnes. 18-day balance map of liquid H6 materials. Companies actively layout a variety of new additives to reduce the cost of a targeted upward extension of the industrial chain.
The new additives in the former company’s emphasis layout are mainly lifsi, lithium difluorophosphate, dtd, etc., and in some parts, the usual additives such as vc. Lifsi is a potentially lithium salt additive that improves the high-temperature properties of lithium batteries, inhibits electrolyte decomposition and improves battery safety; and lithium difluorophosphate can reduce positive performance.
Negative diaphragm resistance increases electrolytic fluid stability; dtd improves battery safety and circulation. Apart from common additives such as vc, fec, many of the electrolytic liquid additives are not produced on a scalding basis, and the price is high, and the company-specific layout of new additives can effectively reduce costs.
Production cycle reduces production costs. The company takes full account of the linkages between products in the industrial chain in the layout of its business, creating a conglomerates of products of lithium batteries with a recycling economy and synergy. The company produces hydrofluoric acid, using its own capital to invest in a project that produces 400,000 tons of sulphur acid annually, in lithium hexafluoride,
The material cycle system between products such as lifsi has effectively increased the use of raw materials and reduced the company ' s chain of circular industries chart 20, and as the integrated layout moves forward, the company ' s Māori advantage has gradually emerged.
The Māori rate was 27.16 per cent higher than that in New Zeus State and Jiangsu Kuthai, considering that in 2019 the positive pole rate for lithium electric materials rose to 29.54 per cent and 32.6 per cent for electrolyte fluids, consistently higher than the 29.01 per cent in New Zeus State and slightly lower than 32.63 per cent in Jiang Supeng Thai, but the chemical industry in Jiang Suh Thai also contained silicon.
3.3 Optimizes the market share of customer services, with multiple layouts of electrolyte plants, three-person teams that are accurate inputs to meet the customer's rapid response needs.
The company’s Ninder base can respond quickly to the needs of the Ningde era, the long triangulation and surrounding markets, and the Europe-based Czech base. In addition, the company makes a breakdown of marketing and organizes sales/services.
The R & D three-person team provides accurate input, more tailor-made service packages, more effective follow-up to clients' new products, development of demand and services for existing products, and a significant increase in domestic front-line power cell customers. More than 300 research and development teams provide research support, and there are abundant reserves of electrolyte formulations.
Since 2017, the company's research and development team has grown by more than 300 people, and the total number of employees with post-graduate degrees and above has been close to 250, or about 6% of the total number of employees. The company also has national post-doctoral research workshops, provincial “enterprise technology centres” and “Technology in Guangdong Province”
The Centre for Research and Development of Materials Engineering Technology has established extensive cooperation with well-known national scientific institutions, such as Zhejiang University, Harbin Industrial University, Nakayama University, and South China Polytechnic University. With continued research and development investment, companies have developed and stored more than 100 customized electrolyte formulations and completed dozens of new electrolytes and additives.
Screening and research; testing and production in dozens of custom-made electrolytic formulations, of which three nickels are used for electrolysis, which is widely recognized in the market, and the three-dollar high-voltage electrolyte is produced on a large scale. Corporate electrolytic fluids are growing steadily, with 27% in 2020.
Driven by capacity, companies and downstream high-quality clients have maintained good cooperative relationships, and the volume of electrolyte shipments has been growing steadily, with a combined growth rate of 52.8 per cent in 2016-2020.
The overall pattern of the electrolysis fluids is relatively stable, with cr3 at over 50%, and the gift material is the first. Compared to other battery materials, the pattern of the electrolyte is relatively stable, with little change in the three pre-2020 period; the gift material is the first, with the city rising to 27% in 2020; followed by New Zeus State, with 18% in 2020; followed by the next
In the first half of 2020, the growth rate of repression, such as the epidemic, slowed down, and the spread of the disease has slowed down.
With the development of the new energy vehicle, the overall output of the electrolysis fluids has increased steadily, slowing down from 2016 to 2020; the second half of the year, with the recovery of the economy, the marginality of the subsidy effects, the strength of overseas policies, the growth of the new energy vehicle, the overall improvement in the industry has been marked, and the output of the electrolysis fluids has accelerated.
258,000 tons, an increase of 33.1 per cent over the same period, demand has improved, with the solvent dmc starting to increase in August 20 years and is now slightly down. More recently, demand has improved, with increases in prices, and the need to superimpose the electrolyte has improved.
Industrial repairs led to lower start-up rates and a rapid increase in the price of dimethyl-carbonate dmc, from 0.69 million yuan/tons at the end of August to a high of 17,000 yuan/tons in October.
B. The current price of dimethyl carbonate has fallen slightly, at around RMB 14,000/t. Figure 28 Dimethyl carbonate (dmc) increase (Mt/t) Chart 29 Dimethyl carbonate (dmc) chain of industry
dmc ' s share of solvents in the electrolyte is different from the corresponding price increase elasticity. Assuming dmc ' s share of solvents in the electrolytic fluids is 25%, and the solvents ' share in the electrolytic fluids is 85%, dmc ' s cost in the electrolytic fluids is 0.191 million yuan/tonne, and the cost of the electrolytic fluids rises to 14,000 yuan/tonne/post-ton equivalent is 0.298 million yuan/
Tons, equivalent to a single-ton cost increase of more than $1,000. Assuming a 60% ratio, dmc increased from RMB 90,000/tonne to RMB 14,000/tonne for electrolytic fluids at a cost of RMB 0.459 million/t and RMB 0.714 million/tonne, respectively, with a single-ton cost increase close to $2500.
The price of lithium hexafluoride is warming, with an annualized cost advantage of $120 million per 10,000 ton increase. Thus, as a result of a significant excess capacity, the price of lithium hexafluorphorate continued to fall, from over $400,000 per ton in 2016 to around 70,000 per ton in mid-2020.
Losses, H1-to-the-day lithium hexafluoride operations have fallen to negative Maori in 2020. 12,750,000 tons per ton were quoted at the end of the month with downstream demand. The cost of corresponding electrolyte per 10,000 ton increase of 0.126 million tons per ton. The Division currently has 12,000 tonnes of HFC capacity, including 0.2 million tons of crystal capacity and 30,000 tons of liquid hexafluoride.
The cost of non-added electrolyte fluids has increased significantly under the trend towards higher prices of raw materials.
From August 2020, the cost of electrolyte increased significantly with the price of raw materials, and from the beginning of August, when the actual formulations varied considerably.
In thousands of tonnes, the single ton cost increase is around 13,000 tonnes. Figure 32 does not contain additive cost estimates (millions/tons) Adders are expensive, and the increase in the percentage of additions increases further increases the cost of electrolyte.
For example, the new lithium salt lifsi was used in the past with few commercial applications, high barriers to production, and only a few firms with capacity to produce, high market prices and 450,000 ton. The company now owns 2300 tons of lifsi capacity, increasing the corresponding electrolytic fluid cost by 0.45 million per ton from 1 to 2 per cent.
The electrolyte is less expensive in batteries and is a product of formulation, and the price transfer is smoother. The electrolyte is a product of formulation, the cost of which is relatively transparent, and the raw material price volatility transmission mechanism is smoother. Moreover, the electrolyte cost in batteries is about $0.027-0.040/wh, which is about 5%, and the raw material price increases.
The price of electrolysis fluids began to rise in early September 2020, from $33,000/tonne/tonne/tonne/tonne/tonne/t$38,000/tonne/tonne/tonne/t$030,000/tt/t$040,000/t/tonne/t$05,000/tt/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tgt/tgt/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/tg/t/tg/t/tg/t/tg/t/tg/tg/tg/tttg/t/tg/t/t/tg/tg/tg/t/tg/ttg/tg/ttt.
Figure 33 Falling electrolyte prices 4 days of steady growth, optimized expansion of the product structure 4.1 days of long-term double-digit growth in the industry and steady growth in corporate operations
The company started with solarization and began to develop a wide range of products from silicone products, mainly for personal and home care products. Current product categories include capo resins, surfactants, organic silicon elastomers, functional polymers, silicon oils, natural glucose syrup, sequesters, destericides, milk.
Chemical agents, sunscreens, suspensions, etc.. Products, depending on their structural nature, function and specific fields of application.
There's a similarity between business models and electrolyte operations, and it's important to work with clients to develop product formulations and new products. Companies start with precision, with accumulated technology and cost aspects of synthetic processes, and have extensive experience in customer service, and are now the largest solar raw materials in the country.
China’s solar industry grew at a higher rate than the rest of the world, maintaining double-digit growth over the years. In 2019, China’s market for American makeup grew by 47.7 billion yuan, or 13.8 per cent in the same year, and since 2017 it has increased by more than 10 per cent in the same year. In cosmetics alone, we are the second largest market in the world, with complex growth in 2009-2018.
Figure 35 The size and pace of China's market for cosmetics.
Figure 37 Collection of personal nursing materials products and Māori rates, 4.2 New Base expands production capacity expansion and product structure optimizes New Farming Base, expands transfer of existing capacity and expands product categories from Guangzhou Base, and selects sites as soon as possible
The remote base plans to transfer and expand the existing product lines for gender surfactants, new silicon material series and polymers at the Guangzhou base, adding a new series of amino acid surfactants, and temperate and surfactant products. The company announced on 29 September 2020 that it would grant $7.854 million.
The sum of 1,496,000 square metres was won. The total planned capacity of the clean-up project was 185,000 tons, located at the South China base of the Guang Buddha Industrial Park, one of the industrial clusters planned for the local priority, bringing in solar materials up and down to 100 million yuan, with a net profit of 241 million yuan. In addition, the company spent 29 million tons of amino acid surfactants, etc., in the Qui River.
In the first half of 2020, the chemical material project was solidified, and the company expanded significantly to optimize the product structure of the new product, which is represented by amino acid surfactants. Compared to traditional surfactants, amino acid surfactants are milder and more environmentally friendly, degradable and irritant.
Small, fit most of the population, with greater cleanness, more in line with the trend of today's skin protection. Companies use high-purity, low-saline solid amino acid as a high-quality, moderate representative, formulation and precision-specialized service, point-to-point, seminar, etc., to quickly take over the upper-middle-to-high-end skin clean.
The company's Clearing-Zane project has planned 50,000 tons of amino acid products and 25,000 tons of ammonia at the Xijiang base.
International Cosmetics Raw Materials Dictionary/cas Number Standard Packaging amingc30p
The amingc30h glycine series has excellent blisters and steady blisters, transparent products are used under alkaline conditions and gypsum products under weak acid conditions
amingc95u is used. Potassium glycolate is suitable for use in cleaning-face products and sodium glycine is suitable for use in ablution products.
non-preservative products: amingck30p amingc30h, amingck30h,
I'm trying to get you out of here, amingc95u, amingck95u, amingck30h amingck95u, amingck95u, amingck95u
The company had previously organized its upstream lithium and solid material operations based on circular industry scenarios, which caused significant losses due to the downside of the industry. In the spring of 2019, the company lost 4.31 million and Jiangxi lost 4.31 million.
Lithium cloud losses of 2.553 million, titanium mine losses of 1,434 million, and lithium losses of 3.6993 million in China, representing a loss of $250 million. Assets lost 129 million in 2019, of which stock prices lost 125 million; Lithium carbonate price increases, and related assets continue to have a low impairment pressure. Prior asset impairments were mainly due to lithium.
The price of salt and lithium ore has fallen significantly, and the price of lithium carbonate has continued to fall since April 2018, due to excess capacity. Lithium carbonate has previously been at its lowest in history, with massive losses in mineral resources and a sharp contraction in production capacity. Since mid-2020, prices have begun to warm with tight demand for supplies.
The company now focuses on the iron phosphate chain, with 30,000 tons of iron phosphate and 5,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and benefits from the increased gas intensity of lithium phosphate. The company chooses to collaborate directly with the operations of hexafluoride and electrolyte.
The focus was on the iron phosphate chain, which in 2017 raised a total of 620 million non-publicly, of which 132 million were for the construction of a 30,000-ton battery-grade iron phosphate project, which was completed by the end of 2019. In addition, phosphate iron, as an important raw material for phosphate, is a form that has a direct impact on the properties of the phosphate lithium product and is also closed.
One of the key differences. Lithium phosphate has increased penetration in the power cell area by virtue of its value for money, and has opened up applications in areas such as storage energy, lead acid substitution, which will be growing at a high rate in 2021, and companies will benefit from industry-related upswings.
Figure 42 (gwh) Projections of the demand for lithium phosphate batteries, compared to a few battery material companies and companies in the lithium electricity industry, averaged 95,445 per cent in 20/21/22.
The decline in the price of lithium phosphate, if lower than expected, will affect the company’s level of profitability; Kapom will benefit from an increase in the volume of the epidemic, which will affect the company’s level of profitability as the price falls below expectations. (2) New energy vehicles are not growing as expected.
The new energy and automobile research group of Huaann Securities: coverage of the electricity and automobile industry, popular China, Thai electronics.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of Lithium Electric Research Certificate, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.Teng Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Finance, Kedge, France, integrated background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium
Song Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy sources and traditional vehicles.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.