A summary of the 2020h1 report: the rules have been established and there is more room for housing enterprises.
2021, which looks more like the center city of the long triangle, where real estate development continues unabated, and where diversified operations remain relatively fast.
8.7% growth in real estate under shock Annual inventory: 2020 housing deals are clearly structured, highly competent, and cities have a pre-emptive advantage.
In the first half of 2022, Huanko focused on “stopping down steady, steady ups and ups”, business research: The ultimate option for South China’s expansion: occupation.
In a downturn in the scale of sales, real estate investments were prudent, but business service insurance Business studies: looking at the growth and performance of head houses in Vankoa
We're starting to move the Vankoun to the market at a faster pace. We think that, in the current time of survival, business research has “heavyly” put on, re-started, and that the Green City has taken precedence over the development-oriented market environment, and that the Vanko business situation continued in 2021.
Six months of winterization, prudent investment to ensure financial and financial security in light rain rain_yxy (microsigns)
Tsangzhilong 666 (microsign) I. Sustained growth in operating income and prudent investment in land
In the case of 10,000m2, a decline of 39.3 per cent and 41.1 per cent, respectively, and against the backdrop of a general and significant decline in the size of housing enterprises, the performance of the whole was slightly better than the industry average, with the overall size remaining in the first tier, maintaining the industry at the forefront and ranking in the top three of the 41 cities of Chengdu, Xian and Suzhou.
In the first half of the year, Huanko added 3.0780 million m2, a 79.6 per cent decline in the same year, with 23.8 per cent of the total, with investments spread to cities such as Shenzhen and Hangzhou, which are highly competent and market-resilient, maintaining a cautious investment attitude since the second half of 2021. In the current context of falling sales in the industry, Huanko has put business safety first and guaranteed business.
Even in the first half of the year, the income from the operation increased steadily. In the first half of the year, 14,437,000 m2 were completed, an increase of 17.8 per cent compared with 17.8 per cent, and 37.0 per cent were completed at the beginning of the year.
The Vanko real estate development business has stagnated through winter, but other business operations have continued to grow faster, achieving full-calibre operating income of $24.11 billion, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the previous year, with rental housing income increasing by 12.3 per cent over the same period, and 170,000 flats opening at the highest level in the country. Property services generating full-calibre income of $14.35 billion, an increase of 38.2 per cent over logistics storage.
A 39.1 per cent increase was recorded in the same year, with a 94.7 per cent increase in the cold chain and a 10.4 per cent increase in the same year in revenue from commercial real estate.
Operating income of $8.08 billion, $5.11 billion and $1,160 million, an increase of 34.8 per cent, 39.7 per cent and 59.0 per cent over the same period, higher income growth, better growth, maturity of listing, liquidity of their own independent development and parent company Vanko, relatively open access to finance, credit ratings maintained investment ratings
On the financial front, the financial situation of 10,000 doctors remained generally stable in the first half of the year, with cash in hand at $141.07 billion, which was almost equal to the end of 2021. On the one hand, sales investments were at a smooth pace and net cash inflows into the business sector were $8.28 billion, while on the other hand, financing was relatively open, such as the new credit debt of $19.4 billion in January-August, with lower overall financing costs, and a combination of new financing in the first half of the year.
With the relatively smooth flow of financing, the size of the Vanko interest-bearing liability has increased slightly. As of mid-2021, the total interest-bearing liability was $28.23 billion, an increase of 5.4 per cent compared to late 2021. The structure of the interest-bearing liability was optimized during the year. In terms of debt-servicing risk, at the end of the reporting period, $48.2 billion was eliminated from restricted funds and pre-sale regulatory funds, and 10,000 was unconstrained in cash.
In the long term, the net enterprise liability rate is at a long low level, and the end-of-service net liability rate remains at a low level of investment. Taken together, the enterprise’s asset liability structure is within the security line, with a relatively smooth financing channel and a relatively low short-term debt-servicing risk.
Cash short debt ratio = monetary funds/short-term interest-bearing liabilities, net of restricted funds and pre-sale regulatory funds; sales ratio = additional civil storage/contractual area of sale; asset liability ratio = (total liabilities — contract sales — pre-collected land reserves/area of sale *2; roe = 2* average net profits/net assets; roa = 2* average net profit/total assets; inventory turnover rate
=2 * Operating costs/average inventory; asset turnover = 2 * operating income/total asset averages are prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, including, but not limited to, a wide range of means such as corporate publicity, residential sector websites, Internet access, but the GWK does not guarantee that the information contained is fully accurate and complete.
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.