A significant reduction was achieved in the first quarter of the year, looking at the cyclical reversal of performance elastic release of transport and aviation airport South Air Disclosures in the first quarter of 2023. Companies achieved $34.06 billion in operating revenue in the first quarter of 2023.
This represents an increase of 58.6 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother to the mother ' s profit of 1,898 million, and a rapid recovery in passenger operations, which approached the same period in 19 years in one quarter.
One billion people, or 70.7 per cent more than in 2019, fell by only 2.9 per cent compared to the rpk on the domestic line, with a rate of 74.45 per cent for the South over the quarter, an increase of 9.16 pct over the same period, and a marked increase in the number of customers over the same period, compared with 2019, with a significant increase in the number of pushers.
Broad body capacity has not yet been fully absorbed, unit non-oil costs remain high and business performance has not recovered. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices for aviation oil remain high during the quarter, with the company's business volume added up and the company's aviation costs projected
The body capacity has not yet been fully absorbed, and the cost of non-oil per unit of company ask is still high in a quarter, and we measure it at a 15% increase over the same period in 2019. The company’s costs are largely stable, and the operation has not recovered profitably, but it has succeeded in achieving a significant reduction.
Keeping in view the reversal of the supply and demand of civil aviation, the company's performance is expected to pick up quickly. We continue to look at the larger direction of the civil aviation industry, and the reverse of the supply and demand. The rate of growth of the civil aviation fleet slowed considerably in 2020-2022, creating the preconditions for the reversal of demand and supply, with the three major fleets projected to grow by only 3.6% in 2023 and the fleet expanding in the next few years.
The plan is also conservative, and the expansion of the industry’s fleet is expected to remain low. After the summer and autumn seasons of 2023, the number of domestic passenger flights has risen over the same period in 2019, and the number of international airline flights is rising and the flow is recovering.
Civil aviation will eventually transition from supply to demand to demand to demand, and prices are expected to continue strong, with the company fleet expected to return to the top of the country in the year, and elasticity is expected to be released. Southern Air (600029.sh)-3q deflated significantly, continuing to look at the epidemic.
South Air (600029.sh) - Deductions resulted in higher losses throughout the year, good news of the epidemic. South Air 600029-2021 Quarterly Review: Impact Performance negative. South Air Disclosures 1 2023
Figure 2: Quarterly net profit from Southern aviation; rapid recovery in passenger transport operations, with domestic line operations approaching the same period in 19 years; rapid recovery in civil air traffic in the first quarter of 2023, with companies delivering ask66.95 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 49.7 per cent over the same period;
The South Air passenger rate was 74.45 per cent, an increase of 9.16 pct compared to the previous year, with a marked increase in receipts compared to 2019, and a significant increase in the pull-over of corporate collections.
Figure 6: Southern Air Quarterly Unit operating income Broad body capacity has not been fully absorbed, unit non-oil costs remain high, operating performance has not yet been restored to profitability
The company’s broad body capacity has increased by 15% over the same period of year, as international routes are still in the early stages of recovery. The company’s costs have remained largely stable, and its operations have not been profitable for the time being, but they have been successful in figure 9: Air kerosene prices (in yuan/tons)
Figure 10: Quarterly cost levels for South aviation, Figure 12: Total profit from South aviation withholdings Continue to look at the reverse direction of supply and demand for civil aviation, and corporate performance is expected to pick up rapidly
We continue to look at the direction in which the civil aviation industry reversed its supply and demand. In 2020-2022, the civil aviation fleet slowed significantly, creating preconditions for a demand and supply reversal, with the three major flights projected to grow by only 3.6% in 2023, and the fleet expansion plans for the next few years are similarly conservative, and the expansion of the industry fleet is expected to remain low.
Over the same period after season 2019, the number of domestic passenger flights has also been on the rise, and the flow of passengers has been on the rise. As the demand for vacations has increased further, and as demand has recovered, civil aviation will eventually transition from supply to demand to demand balance and demand, and prices are expected to continue to increase year-on-year.
The economic downturn, repeated epidemics, rising oil prices, exchange rate depreciation, security incidents, the author’s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author