The pharmaceutical team acquired Hans-like American rights, tested water pd-1 out of the sea, and on November 18, 2022, the subsidiary of the company announced that it would sign a license to the company.
A deal, an exclusive licensing agreement with the company to be commercialized in the United States. Market value (RMB): $38.44, a new son for a global operating product, Hans to accelerate commercialization in the United States. (1) Sruli.
1. " Three Quarterly Reviews of Resurveillance Medicines - Innovation-Driving Optimistic Productions Sustained, Cart Single Fighter " , listed in China in March 2022, has now been approved for use in two adaptations of sqnsclc. (2) According to this licence agreement, the company took them.
"Assessment in Resurveillance Medicines — The New Medicines' Equation, Equity Incentives, Research on Dehanes' Commercialization Rights in the United States, will pay Retrogens: 11 billion Dollars to Powerful Inputs", 2022,8.30.
First payment in currency: $25 million in regulatory milestones (if Hans-Bla gets 3. Restar Medicines Review - Add almonds, Recovery, Digital Medicine, Innovation Incubation fda approval): 3 sales milestones up to $650 million (if net for the year)
In the first half of 2022, the company had worked with five large distributors and 16 gpo in the United States. We believe that Hans is the only one in the United States.
Commercialization in the United States is the sole responsibility of the company, which can gain greater recognition through the company’s initial overseas marketing system; the company has further enriched the product pipeline with potential to go out to sea. (4) The first adaptive disease to go to the United States is a wide range of cellular cells.
Lung cancer (es-sclc+), which will continue to be developed by HUNHRO until approval by the US bla. Based on earlier discussions between HUNHRO and fda, 100 candidates will be recruited in the United States for a bridge-crossing test, which is expected to be submitted by the end of 2023.
Sclc Clinic for Sruli Single Anti-combined chemotherapy showed excellent clinical benefits, compared to the month of vs. 4.3 months. Self-researching, collaboration, licensing and depth incubation with multiple drivers, fresh to harvest.
Optimized, and the Māori rate continues to rise on a quarterly basis. In the first three quarters of 2022, we maintained a collection forecast that companies were expected to receive new medicines in 2022/23/24, and that policies such as marketing and so on affected profitability.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market