Medicines Group Innovation-driven products continue to be optimized, and car-t second-line applications are processed The Bntx stock price change held by the Division loses approximately $1.1 billion in fair value. Performance meets expectations.
Self-research, co-operation, licensing and depth incubation drive, new product release to optimal collection structure, and gross interest rates continue to rise on a quarterly basis. (1) In the first three quarters of 2022, the share ratio of new products increased, Maori equity incentives were introduced, and research and development investments were strong.
Since it was approved for listing in March of that year, three listing applications for adaptive treatment have been accepted; the company has awarded 2. The Quantified Star Medicines Review - Add almond pulses, Retutures, several of which were issued for listing in Australia in July of that year, and has covered all of the approved adaptive conditions in the region.
The new vaccine, 2022.8.1 (3) mrna, has been retried, and its children and young children have been given a similar dose in Hong Kong and Atota 3.
In addition, in October 2022, the second-priced vaccine against Omik Chamba.4/ba.5 was approved to boost the development of Chinese medicines and raw materials, and 2022.7.27 The Taiwan area has been used urgently and has submitted applications for emergency use and special imports in Hong Kong and Australia.
4. Restar Medicines Review - The first country to cooperate in real life has cumulatively increased R & D by between 19% and 3,761 million yuan, and requests for the second line of car-t-cell therapy are accepted. (1) The company has invested 3,761 million yuan in R & D in the last three quarters of the company, at a cost of 2,849 million R & D.
The company's first request for second-line treatment has been accepted by the National Drug Control Service.
In January, March and July of 2022, Mpp of Mercerton and Pfizer's new mini-molecular drug, and strategic collaboration between real life, Azov. (4) The stock incentive scheme of the company pushed the vaccine headquarters and industrial bases to promote the development of the vaccine pipeline.
Zhao Haichun, the risk that new drug research and development and marketing processes will affect the profitability of the product through policies such as collection.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment