Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) q3 non-net profit increase by 10 per cent over the same period, main industry growth and R & D growth.
Decline, resulting from a change in fair value of approximately -1.1 billion yuan, excluding the impact, the company ' s real net profit of 2.86 billion yuan, yoy + 15.5 per cent and maintaining faster growth, followed by expected performance, of which q3 recorded net profits of 90.0 billion yuan, 10.27 billion yuan, yoy + 1.7 per cent in the first quarter of q3
Dollars, yoy-16.2 per cent, net gain of $10.0 billion, yoy+10.2 per cent, good growth in the main industry, low growth in the Māori industry: better growth in the company ' s main business, estimated products such as q3 helium curly (injecting music, toads, toads) and Sukoshin (alphatic paps), hepatoline formulations, etc.
A percentage point, still estimated to be mainly the driving effect of the sale of new chemicals; 42.9 per cent for the period; research and development is continuing and cooperation is being extended: (1) Sluly's single anti-advance to adults whose late-stage, unstable (msi-h) microsatellites have been approved for treatment in March of this year.
After the product combination, in April, the fda was qualified for the treatment of small-cell lung cancer orphans, which is currently non-small cell lung cancer (sqnsclc), a wide range of small-cell lung cancers (es-sclc) and cavity cells.
Cancer (escc) adaptive declaration, which will be approved gradually; (2) a new commercialized small-molecular drug, Azov, is now on a multi-country health-care network (with a price of $270 per bottle, 35 per bottle), with national coverage advancing smoothly; and (3) Aquilenze notes for Katecar-t products.
Institutional investors as a share of circulation a Declaration of 2nd Line Adaptive Disorders for new radioactive fluids accepted in October and included in the priority review. (4) The company, in strategic collaboration with Huayun Medicine, will cooperate fully in the area of grand health, focusing on innovation
Through strategic and operational cooperation in the areas of pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, strengthening the global layout and industrialization of the two sides in related areas will help companies to develop in the long term.
Optimized, internationalized layouts also open the door to future growth, and vaccines and small molecules are expected to yield better returns, and equity incentives will ensure firm growth. We look forward to the company’s development before it comes. Given the bntx stock price fluctuations, we adjust the profit forecast accordingly.
By dollar, a share equals 17 times and 13 times, h shares equal to 10 times and 7 times, a share/h shares are undervalued, the main business is growing well, we continue to “buy in” a/h shares are not as fast as expected, the merger does not perform as expected, and goodwill risks are impaired
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.