Shen Jia's sales picked up at the same speed in November, and the total land grew at a steady pace, maintaining the "buy-in" rating, and the company's sales upped by 36.45 million square metres in November.
In the current context of shrinking financing, corporate financing advantages have been highlighted; companies are now well resourced, and firm performance growth over the next two to three years is more certain. We predict that the company will grow in 2019 and 2020.
Double; h shares for pe 7.2 and 6 times, pb 1.7 times. We maintain the investment stock we bought, and the company's sales speed ring picked up in November: 36.45 million square metres of real sales in November, 54.44 billion square metres, Mom +34.4 per cent and +25.7 per cent, yoy +2.5 per cent, respectively.
At the end of the year, the company began to raise sales returns by promoting sales, with single-month sales increasing at a significantly higher rate than the previous month. In January-November, the company achieved a cumulative market area of 3.6974 million square metres, a combination of products.
The company has fewer new projects this month, with a robust overall pace: in November, the company added nine more focussed first- and second-line cities; and, in the face of shrinking peer-to-peer sizes, the company as a whole gained a robust pace and concentrated on the storage of land during the second half of the year, with reduced land premiums, which were collected in the first half of November.
In November, the company was able to produce instruments at low interest rates that would enable it to maintain a reasonable size of the earth reserve and take the lead in its development.
Between 19 and 22 November 2019, China and former sea life accumulated a 5% reduction in the shares of 10,000 kyats, of which 2.46% was accumulated as at 23 November. As at the date of the announcement, the share of the cumulative holdings of the two companies varied from 15% to 10%, with former sea life held
3.98 per cent, of which 5.16 per cent of the shares have been pledged. Currently from shareholders Prospective and investment proposals: In the current context of tight real estate financing, the firm's ability to finance stands out; the company's reserve projects are mostly located in second-line cities, with relatively minor degeneration pressures and expectations.
The company currently has sufficient resources, and the growth in the company ' s performance over the next two to three years is true, with a price range of 7.6 and 6.3 times, pb 1.9 times, h-per 7.2 and 6 times, and pb 1.8 times. We maintain the investment advice for the A-share.
: Data source: company bulletins, collection of benefits.
Source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Services. This report was prepared by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report is not independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (@special opinion or standing, or buying, selling or offering a certificate described in the report).