The non-ferrous metal industry, which built the bottom of the industry, built the competitive advantage of lithium hydroxide, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
The industry is in the process of decapitating its capacity. The current price of lithium carbonate per ton is $51,000, the domestic lithium salt production industry is in a state of loss, and the price of lithium concentrate imported at the end of the raw material will be pushed down, leading to a new lithium mining project in Western Australia in recent years: the price of lithium has continued to fall and be sold as a result of the completion of production between 2018 and 2019.
The decline in the rate and the deterioration of cash flows, coupled with high debt overhangs and difficulties in refinancing, is the result of the ongoing decline in production, shutdown and even bankruptcy of lithium concentrates at a high cost of $500-600 per ton. The development of new energy vehicles is on the move and will be won by leading firms with cost and product quality advantages.
New energy policies abroad are booming, and the acceleration of the electric layout of car giants also means that sales of new energy cars are expected to grow in 2020, and while supply will undoubtedly continue to be surplus, judging from current static supply and demand data, and lithium prices will be depressed in 2020, we believe that as lithium prices go below the cost line,
As high-cost capacity is phased out, supply releases tend to fall short of expectations, with supply and demand patterns or phase shifts, leading firms with cost and product quality advantages winning.
Lithium quarries in Western Australia, the mountmarion in the main-power mine, and the Pirbara in Australia, which is the focus of the development of salt lake resources. The company has also set up the Mariana Salt Lake project in Argentina and the Messi Gosonora lithium clay project to take further control of low-cost lithium extraction resources.
Tons/year, by 2020, the company’s lithium salt production combined amounted to 157,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. The company’s lithium hydroxide production is competitive and has entered the industry chain of known power cells, such as the Ninder era, Byadi, Matsun, and the entire vehicle chain, such as Tesla, BMW, and the general public.
The company ' s predominantly overseas supply structure and lower processing costs highlight the Māori premium for lithium hydroxide products, the loss of the promised value that drags the company ' s performance, the pace of output delivery below expectations, overseas operations and equity investment risks.
The company is the third largest producer of lithium compounds in the world and the largest producer of lithium metal in China. It has the production capacity of more than 40 different types of lithium compounds and lithium metal products.
By the end of 2019, the company had a battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity of 40,000 tonnes/a, a battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity of 28,000 tonnes/a and a metal lithium production capacity of 1600 tonnes/a.
Business structure of the company: According to the Annual Report 2018, the company ' s revenues are mainly derived from lithium-series products, with sales of lithium-series products accounting for 83.3 per cent of operating income and Māori for 40 per cent. The sales of lithium batteries, electric cores and their agents account for 7.5 per cent of operating income. The Māori rate is 8.3 per cent, and the main business is run by the deterioration in the profitability of lithium products as a result of the continuing decline in lithium prices.
The Māori rate declined to 28.85 per cent for lithium series products in the first half of 2019, down from 270 million shares, or 20.87 per cent of company shares. According to all pledge data disclosed by the Central Bank, the total amount of pledges made by companies was 144.657 million, or 13.19 per cent of the total company a share, with a lower pledge rate.
As of mid-2019, the company had 33 subsidiaries covered by the consolidated statements, of which, according to the Lithium Newhead industry, the company was limited to the production and sale of lithium and sodium hypochlorite, the company was engaged in the sale of lithium series products, investing abroad, the export and import operations of goods and technology at the International Trade Stewardship (Shanghai) Ltd., consulting operations, etc., and the Jiangxide tests.
Consultancy Services Ltd. is engaged in the development, technical advice, technology transfer, etc. of the lithium new materials product series, and is involved in the recycling and sale of lithium and other used non-ferrous metals by Newcomer Lithium Resources Ltd. The company has established the world's most complete lithium industry value chain, which covers important segments up and down of the lithium industry (the “shoulder”)
The company's performance includes (1) upstream lithium resource extraction; (2) deep processing of lithium compounds; (3) production of lithium metal; (4) production of lithium batteries; (5) secondary utilization and recycling of lithium; and corporate performance. Companies achieved operating income of $4.21 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is $329 million, a decrease of 66 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother after deduction is $584 million, a decrease of 40 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the decline in the share price of the company ' s financial assets (the lithium mine of Western Australia) and the resulting loss of fair value changes, which affects the company ' s profits, while the continuing decline in the price of lithium salt also has a negative impact on the company ' s performance.
The price of the ring fell by 15 per cent in the first quarter of Gq3 and the price of lithium hydroxide q3 in the battery class fell by 75,000 yuan/tonne, a 19 per cent decline in the ring.
The price of lithium carbonate has been gradually reduced from $80,000 per ton at the beginning of 2019 to $51,000 per ton, while the price difference between lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide has been reduced from $30,000 per ton at the beginning of the year.
The price of lithium carbonate is currently 51,000 yuan per tonne, the domestic lithium salt producing companies are in a state of loss, and the price of lithium concentrate imported from the feedstock side will be reduced, leading to a new lithium mine project in Western Australia in recent years: it was built between 2018 and 2019.
The production process, the continued decline in lithium prices, the decline in production and distribution rates, the deterioration of cash flows and the difficulties of high debt impending and refinancing, the ongoing decline, shutdown and even bankruptcy of lithium concentrate cash costs of $500-600 per ton of high-cost projects, and the industry's entry into the production-to-stock phase.
By 2020, or the low-speed supply of lithium concentrates. According to our combing, the main mine increase from 2018 to 2019 was the pls-pilgangoora project of the lithium industry in Australia, and the altura mine increase in the year in Australia was mainly due to the expansion of the Greenbush project of the lithium industry in Tianqi, and with the collapse of the baldhill project,
The global supply of lithium concentrates will be reduced to about 8% a year. Lithium carbonate supplies from offshore salt lakes will be released or accelerated in 2021. According to our combing, the annual supply of lithium carbonate from offshore salt lakes will be less than 10% per year between 2018 and 2020, but from the second half of 2020, the capacity of salt lakes in South America will be released.
In Argentina, the cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake project is expected to start in the second half of 2020, and we expect to increase the supply of salt lakes overseas by 27.4 per cent and 25.1 per cent in 2021 and 2022, respectively. The domestic supply of salt lakes and mines is modest. According to our collation, the increase in the supply of salt lakes and lithium clouds is mainly concentrated.
Lithium prices continue to decline, and lithium concentrate prices will fall to the cash cost line of Australia’s mature mines. The current price of lithium concentrate imports has fallen to $500 per ton, and is close to the current cost line of $50,000 per ton of lithium carbonate. With the year-end demand subdued and the factors for the return of deposits by producing companies, lithium carbonate prices may fall further to $45,000 per ton, and the price of lithium concentrate imports will fall further to $45,000 per ton.
Further discovery of $450 per ton, which is close to the cash cost lines of the Australian mature lithium concentrate project mtmarion and the mtcatlin mine. 2.2 The future of the new energy car industry chain is clear
According to the downstream consumption structure, the most important applications are lithium batteries, which account for up to 74 per cent of the domestic share, and glass ceramics, lubricants, metallurgy, polymers, among others. According to Anteco data and our calculations, global downstream demand in the lithium industry was 291,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2019, with an average annual increase in demand of 17.5 per cent in 2018-2022.
In recent days, the United States Congress has enacted the draft Renewable Energy Growth and Energy Efficiency Bill 2019, adjusted its subsidy policy, lowered the subsidy threshold, or directly stimulated the growth of electric car sales. The German government is also planning to increase its car purchase subsidy by half over the five-year period starting in 2020.
BMW has also recently published plans for the investment of electric vehicles, with clear marketing targets and plans, new energy policies overseas, more efficient and faster power-driven layouts for car giants, which also means that the volume of new energy cars is expected to grow in 2020, 3c e-consumptions are low, and 5g switches are expected to boost the rate of lithium consumption.
So saturated, the volume of deliveries slowed, and the 3c class of e-consumption, represented by smartphones, weakened since 2018. According to idc data, the global amount of smartphones arriving in 2018 was 1.4 billion, a 4.8 per cent decrease in comparison, and is expected to remain low in 2019. At the end of 2019, 5g began the commercial phase, with a 5g switch in 2020-2022 as commercialization progressed.
2.3 The industry will be at the bottom, with competitive champions winning. According to our calculations, the supply of lithium carbonate in 2019-2021 will continue to be surplus, as measured by data on supply and demand, 355,000 tons, 381,000 tons and 460,000 tons, respectively, in 2019-2021.
At the bottom of the cost line, supply releases tend to fall short of expectations as high-cost capacity is phased out, supply and demand patterns or sequence shifts will prevail among leading firms with cost and product quality advantages.
3.1 Multi-point distribution of upstream resources: build-up of raw material cost advantages and supply security The company currently produces lithium salt from lithium quartz concentrate in Western Australia and from the mountmarion project in the main mine, which began production at the beginning of the year and is now in production, yielding 400,000 tons per year of lithium concentrate per year, and will be further upgraded to 450,000 through technological change in the future
Tons/year lithium concentrates. Mountmarion is fully owned by the reedindustrialmines (rim), which holds 50% of the company’s shares, and the remaining 50% of the shares are held by the meeralresources (mrl).
This project is owned by Pilbaraminerals, which owns 8.37% of the shares of Pilbara merals, and is the single first shareholder of pilbara. The domestic Ningdu River mine is supplemented by the external Irish Lithite mine as a resource reserve.
The mine of less than 10,000 tons of lithium quarries per year is a supplement to the company ' s lithium concentrate material, and the avalonia project, a company resource reserve, is located in the Lithium Fry Mountain in Ireland and is currently in the exploration phase, with an unknown amount of resources. The project is owned by bll, which holds 55 per cent of the company ' s shareholding.
In Argentina, the cauchari-olaroz salt lake project is the focus of the company’s current upstream development of salt lake resources. Cauchari-olaroz is a lithium salt lake located in the department of Jujuy, in the north of Argentina, and contains 11.8 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent water resources. The battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity of 40,000 tons per year of the project is expected to be operational in the second half of 2020.
Mineraexar holds 50% of the shares of Minaeexar and the remaining 50% of the shares will be an important complement to the future of lithium withdrawal from salt lakes in the Latin American lithium industry (lac) Argentina. Mariana is a pre-researchable and researchable project that will produce 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate each year when it is completed in Argentina.
Project 82.75% equity. The future potential of the sosoora lithium clay project is unlimited. The sosoora project is a Lithium clay titanium project in Mexico, with a total of about 8.8 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent.
In Mexico, the project is currently in the pilot phase and is expected to produce 1.75 million tons per year of lithium carbonate. The project is owned by Bacanora, which holds a 29.9% shareholding with Bacanora and a sonora lithium clay project.
3.2 Medium lithium salt production capacity continues to expand: building a competitive advantage for lithium hydroxide The company currently has a battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity of 40,000 tonnes/year, battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity of 28,000 tonnes/year, metal-based lithium production capacity of 1,600 tonnes/year, and 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production per year by 2020 with the company's new residual Mahun base
The production of the line and the production of the 40,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project for the Argentine cauchari-laroz salt lake project, combined with a total capacity of 157,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, is expected to result in an additional 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent by 2025.
The company currently produces lithium hydroxide for battery-grade batteries. The company has the capacity to produce lithium hydroxide.
The battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity will reach 68,000 tons per year by 2020. The battery-grade lithium hydroxide is used mainly in high nickel triodes such as nca, 811 and abroad in triodes such as 622.
Factories and cars like Tesla, BMW, and the general public. As a supplier of upstream lithium resources, and as a customer of tied downstream terminals, the most obvious advantage is that when the entire factory replaces a partner battery supplier, it does not change its position as a supplier of upstream lithium salt products.
The price of battery-grade lithium hydroxide is clearly differentiated, and the company’s supply structure abroad and its lower processing costs strongly suggest a Maori advantage. Domestic battery-grade lithium hydroxide has fallen to 54,000 yuan per tonne, while foreign lithium hydroxide prices, though falling along the way, remain at $70,000 per ton, with the company’s overseas supply of lithium hydroxide accounting for the sum of lithium hydroxide.
Over 60 per cent of sales, while the company invested only $370 million in fixed investment in lithium hydroxide production lines in 2018, with a recovery period of only one year, significantly reducing the depreciation and amortization costs of processing lithium hydroxide per ton, thereby reducing the company's cost of processing lithium hydroxide per ton and providing a Maori advantage for the company's battery-grade lithium hydroxide products.
Figure 15: Trends in Māori performance of companies ' domestic and foreign operations in 2016-2019h1 3.3 focuses downstream on solid-state battery and lithium electric recovery operations, with tws batteries giving light. Pilot production lines in solid-state battery development were completed in 2019 to accelerate the commercialization of solid-state lithium battery technologies after delivery.
Solid-state batteries are meant to address two of the pains of traditional lithium batteries: 1) low energy density; 2) low battery safety. For example, the former company is building test production lines in the first generation of solid-state batteries, and the first generation of solid-state batteries has addressed the weakness of battery safety, but the energy density is only 1.5 times that of the current triple, and it has not yet fully met the energy density requirements of the solid-state cell, while the first
The company is currently working with the German public in the entire garage on such topics as solid-state batteries, and will be working in the future, depending on the progress of the project.
The construction of the 600 million-watt-hour-a-year lithium-ion-power battery production line in the high and new zone ... provides the basis for future production of solid lithium cells, while in the first half of 2019, the second phase of the cycle project, “Provisional extension of the pre-triple 12000t/a”, was launched, with a projected capacity of up to 100,000 tons for processing used lithium batteries delivered after delivery.
The main clients are jbl, walkers, and well-known mobile operators in the country, mainly for Bluetooth Headphones and smart-wearing batteries.
(b) Assumptions of 8.9, 7.5 and 79,000 yuan per ton for offshore battery-grade lithium hydroxide in 2019-2021;
The risk of significant volatility in the price of lithium compounds, less than expected in the sale of new energy vehicles, less than expected in the generation of new capacity to produce, less than expected, overseas operations, and equity investment risk, has not been, and will not be, compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.