Center for Resources and Environmental Research (CREDES) Global Lithium pioneer industry: supply and demand patterns have improved significantly. At the supply end, with the bankruptcy, shutdown and reduction of some of the upstream mines
Over 83,000 tons of lce are projected to be in excess in 2020, a significant decrease from the earlier forecast of 195,000 tons of lce, a company that is a global leader in the lithium industry. The company currently produces about 80,000 tons of lce in lithium salt production, forming the first group in the global lithium industry in Yapo, sqm, United States, while all other manufacturers produce less than 50,000 tons of lce.
The powerful advantage of source and smelting ends is that the company is expected to continue to release production capacity in the future as the penetration rate of electric vehicles rises, and the tri-dollar nickel is high, further entrenching the global leader. The resource side: the old bottleneck has become an advantage.
But the company now owns nearly 20 million tons of lithium resources, and the former resource bottlenecks have become corporate advantages. The cost advantage of the cauchari-olaroz salt lake is at the top of the industry.
Production capacity is expected to come into operation in 2021, with the company ' s lithium carbonate business Māori rate increasing by 10 pct. Smelting end: access to the international leadership supply chain is expected to fully benefit from the high demand for lithium hydroxide. 1) The company ' s lithium salt technology is prominent, with significant cost advantages, and long-term establishment with battery giants such as pine/catl
2. “Investment craves performance, industrial chain integration accelerates - this is the point of strategic cooperation and deep binding of international front-runners such as Tesla, the general public, BMW;” 2) Three-dollar high nickel to open the lithium hydroxide space, which we expect to use by 2025 to be 410,000 tonnes (excluding ncm--)
622) The base cagr is 56% in 2018; 3) The company is expected to produce 810,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in 2021, surpassing Yapo U.S., to be the world's best. Battery end: steady push, vertical ecological chain map showing. Traditional battery business is moving steadily, tws.
The company’s scope extends downstream, builds a vertical ecological chain, and helps to increase synergies across business plates, while reducing the volatility of the company’s profits from the rise and fall in lithium prices. Given the faster sales of the company’s lithium salt, it is expected that the production of Salt Lake in 2021 will boost the rate of lithium carbonate.
Considering that the industry as a whole is at the bottom, that the climate continues to rise, that the company's core competitiveness is high, and that the supply has shrunk less than expected: new energy cars are sold less than expected: large stocks are sold off.
The core view: optimal supply and demand patterns in the industry, with companies taking the lead in the world at the industry level: a significant improvement in supply and demand patterns, with a projected excess production of 83,000 tons of lce in 2020, is that the country will be able to achieve a significant increase in the production of the salt.
Corporate level: The company has successfully taken the lead in the global lithium industry, forming the first group in Yapo, Sqm, United States. Looking ahead, high-quality lithium resources have been put into production or have enabled Māori rates to rise, smelting technology is prominent, and deep-dipose taps, such as Tesla, are expected to give the company full access to lithium hydroxide from three dollars of high nickel.
At the same time, the company’s traditional battery manufacturing and recycling operations have been steadily developing, and tws batteries have been added to them. The synergizing effects of the business plates have increased, and vertical ecological chains have been shown.
There is a sharp drop in excess pressure in the lithium industry, and supply and demand patterns are much better than expected. We expect to pass 83,000 tons of lce in 2020, a significant reduction of 112,000 tons of lce compared to the earlier projections of 195,000 tons of lce.
Sqm forms the world’s lithium industry’s first group, while all other manufacturers produce less than 50,000 tons of lce. The global leader is further consolidated by the powerful advantages of the resource and smelting end, the company’s potential to continue to release capacity as electric vehicle penetration rises, and the three-dollar nickelization continues.
Resource end: High-quality lithium resource layout, which has been a bottleneck for the past. 1) The lithium industry was subject to upstream resource bottlenecks in the early years, but the company now owns nearly 20 million tons of lithium resources, and the resource bottlenecks of the past have changed into a powerful advantage of the company. 2) Marion mine is expected to pass through.
The technology has increased the ratio of lithium concentrate to 6% to reduce costs; 3) the cost of cauchari-olaroz salt lake is very low, with the expectation of raising the company ' s ratio of lithium carbonate to 10 pct by 2021. Smelting ends: entering the international Lumpback supply chain and smelting production capacity to expand in an orderly manner. 1) Corporate lithium salt
Technology is prominent, and cost advantages are obvious. Long-term strategic partnerships are established with batteries manufacturers such as pine, lig chemistry, catl, Biadei, and deep-seated locomotives such as Tesla, the public, BMW. 2) Three dollars of high nickel open the lithium hydroxide space, which we expect to reach 2025.
With 410,000 tons (excluding ncm-622), the base figure for cagr is 56 per cent in 2018. 3) The company is expected to produce 810,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in 2021, surpassing Yapo in the United States, to be the world’s number one.
Battery end: Steady progress, vertical ecological chain maps are visible. Traditional battery business is steadily moving, and tws battery production lines are already in production. The company's scope extends downstream, building vertical ecological chains. Operations help to enhance synergies across business plates, while reducing lithium price increases and falls for companies.
Lithium industry: optimized supply and demand patterns, low price recovery period 2.1 supply: mine production is now suspended/reduced and supply contractions are evident. Baldhills, the highest-cost lithium mine in Western Australia, are in the process of bankruptcy.
On 19 August 2019, its parent company, amal, announced $40 million in default and forced to go into insolvency proceedings. Baldhills produced 146,000 tons of lithium concentrate and 3q2019 ceased production, which is expected to affect approximately 19,000 tons of lce.
By the third quarter of 2019, three wodgina production lines had been fully constructed, with a planned capacity of 750,000 tonnes/year. On November 1, 2019, Yapo announced the closure of the wodgina mine. We believe that at this point, the overall landscape of the industry is more favourable.
Against a low background, such low-cost and high-quality resources as greenbushes and tacama, taking into account the principle of economic optimization, lithium industry leader Yapo America will not be able to resume the production of wodgina in the short term. Pilbara and mtcattlin are actively reducing production. pilbara has significantly reduced its lithium 2019q3 concentrate.
By 213,000 dry tons, the ring ratio fell by 67%. The production of mtcatllin in 2019 led to a slowdown in the production capacity of lithium carbonate from 195,000 tons to another giant in the industry. Sqm now has a capacity of 70,000 tons of lithium carbonate, and the company planned to expand it by 50,000 to 120,000 tons in 2019 and an additional 60,000 to 180,000 tons in 2021.
According to the latest announcement, however, 50,000 tonnes of capacity were delayed until the end of 2021, 60,000 tonnes of capacity were temporarily lost, cash cost support prices were challenged, altura was likely to be out of the market. According to our calculations, altura cash cost is about $53,000/lce, which is only slightly lower than the current market price.
We believe that altura’s ability to continue operating is questionable in a context of low profits but high debt pressure. Global lithium supply has declined significantly compared to previous expectations.
In 2019-2020, according to our estimates, the total global supply of lithium was 41.07 million lce, a reduction from our previous projections of 47.0/60.1 in the main lithium demand for new energy vehicles, which is expected to reach 40% in the next three years.
In 2020, the consumption of lithium in electric vehicles is expected to increase to 48% of total demand. According to our estimates, in 2020-2022, the demand for lithium in the area of new energy vehicles was 16.4/21.6.322,000 tonnes lce, or 40%.
(b) As the construction of the 5g base station accelerates, the storage of lithium batteries needs to be expanded further; (c) the penetration rate of tws is rapidly increasing, and the amount of lithium batteries in the earpieces will increase rapidly.
The economy is dominated, so we expect that the rate of growth will be about 3%, corresponding to the global demand for lithium in 2020-2022. New-energy car sales are expected to return to high levels, thus driving the need for lithium up, 3c and other needs for lithium storage will warm up with 5g, and traditional needs, such as the stacking of ceramics, will be stable.
2.3 Supply and demand: A significant reduction in excess, a marked improvement in the supply and demand patterns of the industry
195,000 tonnes of lce has been significantly reduced by 112,000 tonnes of lce. 2.4 Prices: Lithium carbonate prices are expected to rise back to the bottom, and the price of lithium carbonate is expected to rise gradually after falling to 48,000 yuan per tonne.
The level of minerals is relatively close, ranging from 1 to 1.5 per cent, and the cash cost of 6 per cent of the postpartum lithium concentrate is estimated at $400-450 per ton, corresponding to the domestic price of lithium carbonate at about $48,000 per ton. We expect prices to fall off this cash cost support, and then the poorer mines are forced out of the market for supply and demand.
It is hoped that the price of lithium carbonate will return to balance, and the price of lithium carbonate will rise gradually.
In recent years, companies have continued to acquire high-quality lithium resources, and the bottlenecks have changed their edges; in an orderly expansion of smelting capacity, the advantages of lithium hydroxide have gradually emerged. And deep bound to high-quality locomotives, such as Tesla, leading the lithium salt technology industry: at the same time, the company has solidified the industry.
The company currently owns 1997 tons of lithium resources, or will have about 60,000 tons of carbon by the end of 2020, and is expected to be more than 70,000 tons of it in 2020, successfully joining the global lithium tap.
3.1 High-quality lithium resources in a layout that used to be a bottleneck, the company’s lithium reserves were abundant. As a lithium salt deep processing company, the lithium industry was at an advanced stage.
The company’s acquisition of about 10% of the international lithium industry began in 2011 with the deployment of upstream lithium resources, and has continued to increase the distribution of raw materials through such companies as equity rims and pilbara. So far, the company owns 1997 tons of lithium resources, one of the powerful advantages of the former resource bottlenecks.
In addition to ore, there are salt lake halogen, clay, and so on. In addition, the company’s self-sufficiency ratio is rising.
By 2018, 85% of the total. With the continued production of high-quality resources in the stock market, the company will be able to achieve the raw materials of the mtmarion mine: the second largest lithium-producing mine in the world, with the prospect of a steady rise in the grade of lithium concentrate, which is the most important lithium material in the industry.
The mtmarion mine can be mined for more than 30 years. The mtmarion ore production is stable, but it lacks sufficient grade. The floating-selection line has been completed, and the next step will be to gradually increase the proportion of the 6% graded ore to be effective by optimizing the management of the production process.
Figure 24: mtmarion will gradually increase the ratio of 6% of grade lithium concentrate
Cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake: very low-cost lithium feedstocks that significantly increase the rate of lithium carbonate Maori cauchari-olaroz is one of the richest salt lakes in the world, with nearly 20 million tons of lithium resources and nearly 2 million tons of storage capacity.
In early 2021, it was expanded to 40 million tons in 2022. According to the lithium industry estimates, cauchari is expected to become the lowest-cost lithium feedstock in the world (not including the clay project). If cauchari is successfully put into production, the company ' s cost of lithium carbonate will be significantly reduced.
Under the agreement, if a project is successfully launched, the company will contract 77.5% of its output per year. Assuming a capacity utilization rate of about 75% in the first year of commissioning, we expect that the company’s level of gross domestic product (Māori) for lithium carbonate will rise by about 10 pct.
Sosoora lithium clay: a high-quality resource with the virtues of mines and salt lakes. Sosoora is one of the world's largest lithium resource items, with a total of 8.82 million tonnes of lce and 4.52 million tonnes of lithium reserves, expected to be mined in the year.
According to the company ' s announcement, lithium clay can be combined with lithium of ores and salt lakes at a rate of 1,000,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year at a cost of approximately $3,700 per ton lce, which is expected to be produced in 2021; and lithium carbonate at a cost of approximately $4,000 per ton per ton for phase 2 planned capacity of 35,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year.
3.2 Enter the global leadership supply chain. Smelting capacity expands in an orderly manner.
In 2007, the company completed the production line of lithium carbonate from the first halowater in the country, and lithium chloride: at a time when the lithium carbonate market was on fire, the company pre-positioned the lithium hydroxide production line in 2014. Twenty years of persistent research and development investment has allowed the company to accumulate wealth in the refining technology and production capacity of lithium products.
Lithium salt conversion costs and unit capacity capital are starting to take the lead in the industry. Thanks to advanced technology and extensive experience, the cost of a single ton of lithium hydroxide/Lithium carbonate conversion is less than the industry average of $3,000; at the same time, the cost of a company ' s lithium carbonate conversion to lithium hydroxide is lower than the industry average, and there is a clear advantage in remediation costs.
By our calculations, the cost of a single ton of carbonate lithium equivalent smelting capacity capital is about 22,000 yuan, compared to an average of nearly 80,000 yuan in the industry. By the favor of world-renowned manufacturers, it has succeeded in entering high-end supply chains.
(a) Establish a long-term strategic relationship with the world ' s leading power cell manufacturers, lig chemistry, the Ningde era, Biadi, etc.: 2) Since 2018, cooperation agreements/memorandums have been signed with the global car giants of Tesla, the general public, BMW, etc., to supply their battery manufacturers with lithium chemical products.
Deeply tied locomotives lead the technology of the company. Dragon locomotives like Tesla require high quality, stability and safety of lithium salt, certification processes are cumbersome, long-cycle, and, once a stable supply is formed, the supplier is not easily replaced. We believe that entering the high-end supply chain is refracturing the company ' s lithium salt.
The manufacturing technology is highly competitive worldwide. 3-dollar nickelization opens up the growth space, and the company accelerates the layout of lithium hydroxide, which is more complex than the battery-grade lithium carbonate. lithium hydroxide preparation process.
The technology, such as size, is more demanding, so although lithium hydroxide contains fewer lithium elements, it is priced at a premium than lithium carbonate. At the same time, the high demand for lithium salt, supply stability, etc., is somewhat less price-sensitive, owing to the fact that a lot of high nickel batteries are used by leading companies like Tesla.
Lithium hydroxide, because of its active properties, is used in the high-energy ncm-811/nca and part of the ncm-622. As the electric vehicle continues its mileage, the battery will increase its energy density further, and high nickel is the inevitable option for the current battery technology route. So, hydrogen oxygen.
The annual use of three-dollar batteries for lithium hydroxide is about 18,000 tons (excluding ncm-622), and is expected to reach 410,000 tons (excluding ncm-622) by 2025, with 56% cagr.
The expansion of other lithium salt production is steadily advancing. In the context of the upstream resource guarantee of adequate and deep-bound downstream tap industries, companies have continued to expand their capacity. In the second half of 2018, the company's “175,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year” and the “20,000 tons of lithium hydrohydroxide per year” projects became operational and entered the production-capability slope phase in 2019;
The lithium carbonate project in cauchari/sonora will also be put into production in 2021. In addition, the company ' s sales of lithium metal have been steady at the top of the world for a long time, and sales of lithium salt, such as butyl lithium, are among the highest in the industry. 3.3 Battery operations are moving steadily, with vertical eco-linkages showing.
To date, the company’s high-capacity lithium ion power battery project, the full-volatile polymer lithium battery project and the scrapping and recycling of used batteries have been fully operational. Most of the raw materials purchased for the company’s battery production are from its lithium salt customers and contribute to positive materials.
The company's new company's electronics produce 30 million smart-tailed polymer-specific lithium battery lines and provide new inputs to a number of well-known companies, including jbl, walkers, etc.
Batteries. The tws headphone penetration rate is projected to increase rapidly, according to forecasts by the gold light and electrons, and is expected to reach $11 billion in 2020. Solid-state batteries or the next wind vent. Solid-state batteries have greater energy density, higher safety density and prospects for future development than liquid lithium batteries. Companies entered solid-state batteries in 2017, producing annually.
At the end of the year, the test line in the first generation of solid lithium batteries is about to be launched, with an annual capacity of 200 million. The scope of the operation extends downstream, creating a vertical ecological chain.
Figure 39: Corporate eco-closing of the whole industry chain 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
• Core assumption 1) The lithium industry hit the bottom in 2020, and the price has recovered slightly since then, 70 times higher. Considering the company ' s strong smelting skills and deep binding of the Tesla and other pioneers, it is hoped that this will happen.
At the same time, if the cauchari-olaroz salt lake and the sonara lithium clay project are successfully operational, interest rates for lithium salt such as corporate carbonate are expected to rise rapidly. The whole lithium-combating industry is at the bottom of the region, with growth and a climate of resilience.
The supply contraction was not as risky as expected: 1) the U.S. Yapo closed down in early November Australia ' s wodgina mine due to poor market conditions, with a capacity of 750,000 tons of lithium concentrate. If the wodgina returns, on the basis of full production, this will result in an increase in the supply of lithium by about 94,000 tonnes lce; 2) alita is already in a state of collapse.
Reorganisation of production, according to the recent announcement of the Jiangt Electric Power, the relevant provisions of the Reorganization Agreement agree that China Hydrogens Ltd. and Liathan Mines Ltd. will reinvest in alita.
Reproduction may result in an increase in supply of about 19,000 tonnes lce:3) altura currently strained cash flow, with lithium carbonate prices close to its cash cost line, but does not exclude altura ' s ability to continue production without exiting the market; 4) pilbara and cattlin have less than expected potential for output reduction; 5) sqm
The mtholland mine, which is not yet operational, is expected to produce less economically at current prices, but does not exclude the risk that new energy vehicles will be sold less than expected: new energy vehicles are the main source of growth in lithium demand in the coming years.
At this stage, the global penetration rate in the automobile industry is about 3.9 to 5.2 per cent, and the impact of the policy on the volume of electric car sales is greater, with the result that excess supply in the lithium industry will increase if subsidies fall sharply, or the consumption of automobile terminals drops significantly, or the volume of electric car sales will fall short of expectations.
▪ The risk of high sales of lithium salt as a result of large stock sales: the lithium industry as a whole is in surplus, and if stocks are sold in large quantities, this could lead to a rapid decline in lithium salt prices. Production capacity is not as high as expected: future growth in the company’s performance is strongly influenced by new production, if any.
The delay in the construction of the production line may affect the normal delivery of the company ' s productive capacity, thus affecting the increase in the Māori rate and the risk of impairment of the asset: if the price of lithium salt falls rapidly, the company ' s corresponding inventory may run the risk of falling prices being prepared to affect profits.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment