25q3 was significantly reduced, and the multi-crystal silicon profit improvement became apparent on October 27, 2025.
According to the Silicon branch, at the end of June of 25 years, Silicon prices were at the bottom, with an average cost of 3.44 million yuan and 3.35 million yuan per tonne of granule silicon, respectively.
Stock-cleaning has led to prices well below the combined cost, and since early July 25 years, silicon companies have made a one-time price increase to Dun Yongkang in order to meet the price regulation requirements of “no less than cost sales”.
At the same time, in the third quarter, Sichuan and Yunnan are in a state of high water, with relatively low electricity prices, improved company production costs of multi-crystal silicon, and co-led 25q3 multi-crysilica.
According to infolink, at the end of September 25th year \triangleright
At the end of the month, the price of the topcon assembly was 0.693 yuan/w, an increase of 2% compared to the average price at the end of June, and the price and profit of the 25q3 public battery assembly remained under pressure.
The Directorate-General issued a bulletin on the governance of price incompetence and the maintenance of good market price order, once again strengthening the regulation of business incompetence, and as the “reverse inner volume” continues, the battery and assembly links are expected to come forward.
The net cash flow generated by the operations of the 25q3 company is reported in the first quarter of the year of 4,776 million dollars: performance phase pressure, multiple crystals: lower multi-crystal silicon cost, narrow loss loops for 24q3 losses -
“Recommended” ratings are maintained. Assessment: performance phase pressure, acquisition of Yuyang to improve the industrial chain. Quarterly evaluation in 024: performance phase pressure, silicon
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.