Tungwee shares (600438.sh) with significant repair of multi-crystal silicon profits, over-performance of “reverse inner volume” leading to higher prices, water-abundance periods driving down costs, multi-crystal silicon profits
Tungwei Stock Company Review: Headlines are secure, waiting for the “reverse inner volume” to be repaired significantly. The photovolt industry “reverse inner volume” is advancing solidly, and the multi-crystal silicon price has been rising significantly since July, 2025.8.23.
Upgrade, according to the Silicon Industry Branch, the price of the n-type secret material rose to $497,000 per tonne at the end of September, 2. " Tonway stock company rating: cash available in hand, innovation driven a new round 56 per cent higher than the lower price at the end of June, and the average price of the N-type secret material at the end of three quarters was $431 million per month " .
Tons, with a 24 per cent increase in the average ring q2 price of $348,000 per ton, drive companies to sell multi-crystal silicon prices. 3. "The Tonway Stock Company evaluates that the cost of multi-crysilica has fallen and integration has steadily increased. " In addition, three quarters of a multi-crystal silicon area, such as Sichuan and Yunnan, is expected to have high water prices.
The cost of a company’s production has been somewhat reduced. Higher prices and lower costs have led to a significant recovery of the company’s multi-crystal silicon profits, and the company’s multi-crystal silicon operations have been reversed.
The price increases are small, and the company's battery-assembly operations are still in a state of loss, given the higher upstream costs. The current “reverse inner volume” in the photovoltaic industry is continuing, and we expect that the following policy combinations, such as production capacity, product quality, will continue to fall into the field.
The company’s battery array technology and sales are constantly leading, the components are growing at a high rate abroad, and the battery modules are expected to be profitably repaired. Operating cash flows are significantly reversed, and companies with sufficient funds are going through the cycle three quarters.
The net cash flows generated by the company’s operations have shifted significantly to $4.78 billion, and the quality of its operations has improved considerably. The company is well-funded, with total assets of about $34.8 billion up to the end of q3, an increase of 5 per cent over the end of Q2 and a substantial reserve of finance.
Tools, bank credit, high corporate fundamentals (RMBs) in the form of super-short-term vouchers, medium-term bills, etc., allow companies to travel through the cycle.
Profit prediction, valuation and rating Underground, “reverse inner volume” continues to drive climate restoration, corporate multi-crystal silicon industry leads, battery technology and share industry leads, component chain is growing rapidly as “reverse inner volume”
One of the potentially most beneficial companies to continue to move forward, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, product price volatility, increased competition in the industry, and less than expected demand in the industry.