Topper Group (601689.sh) registered steady growth in performance in 2023, taking good note of the end-of-cycle and implementer business drive in 2024
Sla delivered 485,000 vehicles globally, corresponding to the ring + 19.5%/+11.4%; Biyadi sold 9.45 million vehicles, a steady increase in light-quantified chassis, interiors, heat management operations, and progressive landfall production of car electronics. Executor operations proceeded well, and power-driven systems production lines were officially operational.
In January 2024, the Topper Group signed an investment agreement with the Ningpo Development Area for the production of power-driven systems, and the company plans to invest RMB 5 billion (of which RMB 3 billion is invested in fixed assets), and to plan land for use.
The company’s two electric power-driven systems production lines were officially launched on January 8, with an annual capacity of 300,000 electric power-driven executors. The new production capacity has also been designed to enable the operator’s operations to start a new growth pole.
The depth of high-quality customer binding and the volume of new products produced gave rise to a certain level of performance in 2024. Vision 2024q1, North American customers (at price), question communities (new m delivery data bright early in July, m9 fixed 30,000) and core customer sales and heat management systems, auto electron (vacant, etc.) operations
The company ' s performance is expected to be released on a continuous basis: through 2024, the company ' s platform strategy +tier 0.5 model continued to move forward, with 24 years of core focus on high-quality customers such as North American customers, Huayun, Ideas, Gilly, Biadei and Mi adding new products to the ground:
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - High-level executives have increased confidence in their operations, the end and machine are currently holding eight fixed-point projects, producing at 2304. Line control achieves six projects. Tupou Group (601689.sh) - third quarter harvests have increased steadily, and vehicles and robotic belts have increased steadily.
Pointing and officially producing offlines; wired 9 projects; intelligent electrical door systems; Tupou Group (601689.sh) - second quarter net profits are up by a quarter, robotics industry, while thermal management plants cover China, Europe and America, with a total capacity of over 4 million units/year.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Net profits in the second quarter alone increased by 86-108% over the same period, and factories, both within and outside the country, continued to build up their capacity to deliver orders, and protected their long-term development. Investment proposal: “buy-in” rating is maintained for Tesla’s core product chain.
The performance growth resulting from product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity, taking into account the median value of the downstream mainframe plant, 560.0 billion yuan, corresponding to +12.2 per cent, ring ratio + 14.5 per cent (485 million Tsla worldwide, same ring to +12.6 per cent, ring to +9.9 per cent, net value of 529 million yuan, same to +9.8 per cent and ring to +11.8 per cent) of companies.
The steady growth in performance is the result of a steady increase in light-quantified chassis, interiors, heat management operations, and auto-electronics.
In the international market, companies are cooperating fully with traditional car companies such as the American Innovative Car Clients, the Riveran, Lucid, and Ford, gm, and fca in the area of new energy cars. Companies are developing smart electric cars.
In parallel with the eight main product lines, a combination of smart car component operations and implementer component operations provides the basis for a fast-growing company. x-y-z chassis products continue to be produced, and automobile electronics are entering the harvest period.
Air overhang: In November 2023, the country’s first autonomous closed air overhang system (c-ecas) was established and officially produced offline. Eight fixed-point projects are currently available, expected to produce more than 400,000 q4 inputs in 2023, followed by more than 400,000. Tupou marched into the air overhang area in 2021, with a major supply of total air overflows.
Based on the mechanical, electrical, software and chassis adjustment capabilities developed in the ibs research and development process, the company has accumulated many years of experience in rubber, vacuum pumps, and has been rapidly developing an airborne system project for 21 years, including integrated gas units, air springs, high sensors, etc.
Integrated support capability. Line control: in November, Topibs controls the official volume of dynamic products below the line. Topibs digital plants have advanced manufacturing facilities such as smt, ecu assembly, sensor assembly, electromagnetic valve assembly, total automation assembly, smart storage, etc.
In December 2023, Tupou completed the design of the ibs 1.0 upgrade, ibs 2.0, which is widely applied to different types of vehicles. ibs 2.0 is a line-controlled motion control system, using a fully decomposition coupling brake technology.
(a) Brake the main tank, the electromagnetic valve. ibs 2.0 reconfigures the hydraulic tubes, making the layout simpler, requiring fewer parts to assemble, and achieving smaller, lighter, and more economical objectives.
The shift to a pipe design, validation, production manufacturing integration service; nine projects are now targeted, with an annual order of 600,000. x-y-z line control chassis contributes to growth and is expected to move faster for auto electronics in 2024.
Group Motor Electronics collects $80 million, corresponding to 10.2%, and is relatively small, mainly due to the relatively weak growth of electronic vacuum pump products. We believe that production will follow 2304 company air suspensions (eight project fixes) + line control (six project fixes) + contour poles (nine project fixes) + follow-up substrates
At the landing point of the new site, the company's auto electronics business is expected to enter the fast-growing path.
Figure 9: Large-scale mass production experience with the world's first skating chassis core parts system
Since November, the Top Group has been publishing relevant recruitment information for pump valve research and development centres, power-drive departments, smart surface research and development centres, electrical-controlled shock absorbers, etc., for products such as smart surface skins, power-drive executors, power-controlled decompositionors, valve pumps, etc., which focus on the research and development, design, production, cooperative capabilities of the company ' s core components, estimating overhangs, heat, etc.
With a clear structure, a strong focus on talent, and a strong development strategy for research and development. Topper has continued to invest in system-building, talent acquisition, experimental capacity, etc.: 1) R & D investment is maintained at about 5% per year; 2) in North America, Europe, and Europe.
Human research teams: 3) Experimental centres with material, product, system and whole-of-car-grade testing and certification capabilities, more car factory-of-car-class experiments have been commissioned by companies through the Iso/iec 17025 certification of cnas. Building on research and development capabilities, it will be beneficial for companies to continue to expand their product lines and upgrade the value of their bicycles.
In July 2023, after strategic analysis and decision-making by the company, the decision was taken to split up the Ministry of Electricity Promotion, establish an independent management structure, equip an excellent professional team, and integrate the various advantages, thereby creating adequate conditions for the rapid development of the business.
R & D is a powerful and efficient combination of R & D, focusing on key products and core technologies in the industrial chain in the R & D process and applying the accumulated technology and experience to new products and improving R & D efficiency. Based on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities, such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., are built on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs.
In ibs, for example, ibs are highly integrated integrated safety systems that integrate multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, companies in rapidly changing car market environments: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines:
Based on capabilities such as power control, software, manufacturing, chassis, etc., to expand the wiring and steering systems (electrically aided transition systems, active back-wheeling systems, electrical tube poles, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-suspension integrated gas chargers and control units, smart cabin products, power drive executors, etc., laying the foundation for the company to maintain its rapid development.
The Global Breathing Facility is a long-term competitiveness, plus-intelligent manufacturing and escort, a global distribution of production capabilities, and a near-supplier supply. Topau production bases are located across borders, Europe, the Americas, and South-East Asia, with more than 70 factories. Company 1) is built around the country’s major auto industry clusters, and is already in the Ninning.
Bases have been set up in Bo, Chongqing, Wuhan, Anhui, etc.; 2) overseas to serve international clients, manufacturing plants or storage centres have been set up in countries like the United States, Canada, Brazil and Malaysia, Polish factories have started to produce bulk production, Mexico has been promoted in an orderly manner to provide faster and more efficient services to clients and to further expand global peace.
In December 22, Tupou launched a non-public fund-raising plan for a total of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion, for projects such as light-quantified chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving.
The benefits will be enhanced by: 1) filling the capacity gap and increasing the capacity to take orders; 2) optimizing the capital structure, reducing financial performance and risks, and enhancing sustainability; 3) enhancing profitability (the output of the current round of fund-raising inputs is reflected in a quadruple pattern of capacity-building). Meanwhile, companies are actively promoting the construction of digital plants and the implementation of the mes management system.
Achieving effective management of quality control, product traceability, profit production, equipment management, etc., promoting company-to-client data connectivity, building industrial 4.0 smart plants. Core logic: high-quality client structures at the end of the vehicle and products continuously released, bringing certainty of performance in 2024
Looking ahead, in 2024, we believe that the central point of Tupou is the certainty of end-of-cycle operations brought about by the high-quality client matrix plus modularised supply capacity, the steady location of global capacity and the advancement of potential implementer operations. 1) The end of the vehicle is the basic plate: the platform-based strategy +tier 0.5 model continues to move forward with North American clients in 2024.
In 2024, Tupou’s performance grew by a high degree of certainty. At the same time, Tupou achieved near supply around the construction of a customer’s plant: Poland, Mexico, and Europe and America.
In November 2023, Tuppo Poland's thermal pumps were officially produced and built.
With 500,000 annual production capacity, Mexico’s industrial parks and factories in the United States are moving in an orderly fashion. Topper’s overseas factories are now deployed in Europe, North America, South America, and South-East Asia, covering a wide range of products such as heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, accessories, etc.
3) New business advances: Topu has developed straight lines and rotated implementers (with its own ibs technology), which have repeatedly been presented to clients for recognition and appreciation. At the same time, it has created a ministry of business and consolidated various advantages.
Figure 13: Platform-type product matrix of Tophu Core Support, Figure 14: High-quality client structure of Tophu Core Support Investment proposal: Texla core target, maintaining the "buy-in" rating
In the recent past, the Topper Group, on the one hand, continued production of wire control, air suspensions, electrical poles, etc., and the X-y-z line control chassis system, on the other hand, the support company's electronic vehicle operations entered the release period; and, on the other hand, the company's recent launches targeted the pump valve research and development centre, the power drive department, the smart surface research.
We keep an eye on the performance certainty and growth brought about by the company’s expansion of products, client breakthroughs, and expansion of production capacity.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject